Williams noted that in order to ensure support, the TAJ has launched a user-friendly transfer pricing hub with useful information, legislation, articles, and forms that will guide persons in the process of complying with transfer pricing obligations.
Jamaica has also been benefiting from the expertise of an international transfer pricing agreement specialist, who is in the island to provide practical support in its implementation.
Additionally, Williams said a training programme with support from the OECD has been ongoing since 2015 to strengthen the capacity of the staff within the TAJ to administer the transfer pricing regime.
“The sum of these actions will help to safeguard Jamaica’s tax space, support efforts towards a transparent predictable investment climate as well as build a technically strong tax administration that understands taxpayers’ businesses, industries, and transactions,” she added.
Chicken breast stuffed with plantain mousse kissed with caramelised fruit sauce on a bed of pumpkin risotto, accompanied by fresh carrots and string beans.
If you were at the Shaggy and Friends concert held at Jamaica House on January 2, then you would have had a chance to indulge in the scrumptious cuisine at the event.
Platinum patrons were served up a four-course meal: appetiser - shrimp saladette on a chifonade of greens, marinated shrimps took centre, dressed in true Caribbean style. This was followed by a lemon sorbet then entree - chicken on a bed of pumpkin risotto, chicken breast stuffed with plantain mousse kissed with caramelised fruit sauce accompanied by fresh vegetables. And for dessert, a sinful, dark chocolate gateau, served on a bed of rich rum-infused cherry coulius.
In the gold area, there was a variety of tasty food, from seafood and chicken soup to bite-size burgers, good ole wings, pasta to ice cream - not to mention the many bar areas that kept everyone's glasses filled all night. There was also food available for sale in the silver area. Overall, everyone was able to get a bite to eat.
The TIMES of London's description of the work of the National Dance Theatre Company (NDTC) as in the title of this piece can easily be applied to its artistic director and founder, Rex Nettleford.
I was once a Gleaner theatre critic, well equipped for the job of critiquing plays. For dance, I was less so, having only done a course in choreography at the School of Dance (now in the Edna Manley College) and having limited actual experience.
So when I wrote a piece in which I was a bit critical of a dancework by the NDTC, I was told that I would get a bashing from its artistic director because he was not one to take kindly to criticism from tyros claiming to be competent enough to review his work.
To my surprise, the response was quite the opposite. He wrote me a note explaining some of what he felt I had misunderstood, sent me clippings from United Kingdom newspapers on dance criticism and pages from a seminal work on dance theatre in the Caribbean and then recommended a couple texts to me.
He ended by saying that he had been reading my critiques of plays and was pleased that I had now begun to review dance, commended my general approach and suggested that I could make a contribution to the appreciation of dance in Jamaica.
I had expressed a measure of 'dislike' for Carnavapanscape. He opined that the reviewer's role in the Caribbean at the time was not simply to speak of his personal 'likes' or 'dislikes' but to analyse, clarify, and assist the audience in their appreciation of the art form.
He never again 'troubled' me, even when, in a review, it was clear that I was not particularly impressed with what I had seen.
This was one of my personal experiences with Rex Nettleford. As artistic director of the renowned NDTC, what I said would have little effect on his reputation. But he took time out to speak at length to me because he felt that I could further the appreciation of the art form. He was a tireless and, I regret, apparently irreplaceable worker in the field.
Nettleford's work reveals a world view that is uniquely Caribbean. He shows us to ourselves in a way that is both intellectual and for the common man. (He once explained to me when I spoke of the 'overly literal' presentation of aspects of the work The Crossing that this was deliberate because he wanted no confusion about the meaning of the piece.)
But his contribution is tied up in this type of dichotomy. He described himself as "offending the sensibilities of middle-class Jamaica" when he exploded on the stage of the Little Theatre with works like African Scenario. Over the years, he explored our ancestral cultures revealing them to us in timeless works like Pocomania, Kumina, Myal, River, and Gerrehbenta. He linked our ancestral culture to our present and our future in works like Ritual of a sunrise "the exaltation when an artist finds himself in the early morning of his culture - as it is defining itself".
Nettleford's work consistently had us look at ourselves, sometimes critically, often with sympathy or admiration. We see ourselves in Street People, Puncy, Plantation Revelry, Sly Mongoose, Celebrations. He confronts modern societal issues in Tintinabulum, in Two Drums for Babylon (in which middle-class youth turn to Rastafari) and in Children of Mosiah. He explores Caribbean history in The King Must Die which speaks to Haiti and the rise of leaders like L'Ouverture and Christophe.
His later works showed a confidence in our future. Only a black man with a strong sense of racial pride could have responded to the tragedy of the devastation of New Orleans with a work like Katrina. In Spirits at a Gathering, he explores "the healing acceptance of differences through mutual caring". It is significant that in his last work Apocalypse the community "invokes ancestral spirituality to reform the violence-prone wrongdoer". This speaks to his vision of how we could solve our current social problems.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 January 2015 October 2014 June 2014 January 2014
Veronica Park lives in Jersey City with her 3 children who all attend PS #37. She is actively involved in her community with fundraising consulting and connecting individuals more…
Edward Secades currently works for ATOS as a Senior Solution Manager and has been providing computer system architecture services to McGraw Hill Financial for the last 12 years more…
Tracy Reinholt, the President of Trace Matrix Inc, has been a contract bookkeeper for over 15 years. She incorporated her practice as Trace Matrix, Inc. more…
Bertram C. Okpokwasili is a Jersey City resident who works as an attorney and represents clients in business and criminal matters in New York and New Jersey. more…
John R. Lynch is an advertising and marketing professional with over twenty years of experience in media advertising and digital marketing with a vast knowledge of strategic insight more…
Stacy Lea Flanagan is the Deputy of Health & Human Services for the City of Jersey City, under Mayor Fulop. more…
Brian’s passion for helping Jersey City youth began during his tenure as a Teach For America corps member and kindergarten teacher in Newark Public Schools (Newark, NJ). more…
The Jersey City Youth Foundation will be offering a Grant program allowing organizations to apply for grants directed at events which further promote the mission statement of the Jersey City Youth Foundation.
How many of the funny wiggling puddings can you make disappear in this fun, free online game? Inspired by the gameplay of the famous Diamond Dash it is your task to combine three puddings of the same color. If you manage to combine even more of the same color you get special puddings as a reward, that can help you to reach the levels goals and clear the playing field. Additionally you can invest your game credits in extras from the shop. Whether you are playing against the clock or if you have to solve the level with a given number of moves, once you enter one the more than thirty levels of Pudding Land fun is guaranteed.
11x11 BLOXX is an entertaining puzzle game that is played on a gameboard with 121 tiles arranged in an 11x11 grid. Your task is to place groups of three colored stones so that they form horizontal or vertical rows. If you manage to form a complete row, this row will be cleared. You also receive points and coins. The longer a match lasts, the larger and more complex stones you can get. Always make sure to leave enough room for long L-shaped stones and large squares! For coins, you get boosters that help you in seemingly hopeless situations: Exchange your stones for a new set, delete a single tile, a larger area or all tiles of a specific color. The game ends when you can no longer place any stones. Reach the target score to unlock more levels with more complex layouts. Will you manage to complete all levels? Play 11x11 BLOXX now for free and find out!
In the colorful match-3 game Best Pet Friends your task is to combine three or more cute pets of the same kind to free them. Okay, there is also a goal to achieve in each of the game’s 40 levels. In order to succeed, you have to achieve a certain score, clean or free tiles from dirt, inedible mushrooms and other obstacles or to lead gems to the bottom of the level. The more pets you connect, the higher you will score and the more power-ups will appear to help you to achieve your goal. For successfully completed levels you will be rewarded with coins which you can use to buy additional power-ups, if a level proves to be too tricky for you. Show your heart for animals and play Best Pet Friends now for free!
Combine 3 glowing neons and beat the highscore! Welcome to the world's largest HTML5 games platform! Whether you want to tease your brain with entertaining puzzle games, try a skill game or if you're after some thrilling action, you will make a find within more than 250 high quality games like Flappy Bird, Monster Hunter or Candy Rain. HTML5 means instant access! No downloads and no installs, no costs. Play and share the games you love across all platforms! Our games are built and tested to be fun no matter if you're playing on your phone, a tablet or on your desktop computer. Join the largest HTML5 gaming platform today.
Embrace cool vintage vibes with the seriously on-trend mom jean. Featuring a high-waisted, tailored silhouette these jeans are perfect with a tucked in tee and checked blazer to create a fashion forward look or choose a pair with side stripes for a sports luxe feel.
When it takes a police force six months of “sting”-level efforts to arrest 36 people for prostitution or solicitation (no trafficking charges, no minors involved, no coercion, and only one drug charge) either that police force is terrible or prostitution is rare in their area. Quite possibly, in Syracuse, both are true.
Last week, I came across a bizarre article detailing the findings—I can’t think of any other word for it—of Syracuse police after they spent almost $4,000 renting an apartment to try to catch potential prostitutes and johns. (Keep in mind that figure doesn’t include the taxpayer money suppling the salaries of the police who spent half a year on this misdemeanor-yielding project.) It’s unclear at the moment how many of their arrests will result in convictions, but at least there’s one tangible outcome from all that time and energy: a 238 page report sharing juicy details of how prostitutes and clients interact “behind close[sic] doors.” Ooo, this is going to be good!
According to police documents, several of the women tried to protect themselves by patting down the impostor client, asking if he was a cop, and playing the old “donation”/”fee” word game. (Note to any ladies who don’t already know: none of those things will protect you from arrest.) Awesomely, one suspicious prostitute picked up on what was going on and released a warning online, causing police to relocate. High five, sister! And yet more evidence that these are not the craftiest cats in blue. The article says it was the first time police had used the internet to try to make prostitution arrests, but I wonder if it was their first time using the internet, period.
Not awesomely at all, two of the arrested women agreed to have unprotected sex upon the request of the men—meaning the undercover police officers. I have no idea what benefit that request could have in terms of getting a conviction. Maybe the cops were hoping to press for a steeper penalty by convincing the judge that the women make a habit of unprotected paid sex? That’s possible, since New York has some seriously disturbing practices when it comes to sex workers and STIs:
The women were checked for sexually transmitted diseases as part of the state public health law. The men were not tested since it was not required by law[.]
As for the boys, they were a mixed bag. Three wanted unprotected sex, and many wanted to negotiate the price. One man offered to take the impostor prostitute grocery shopping, which I thought was incredibly sweet, and another brought the type of uber-feminine gifts (body spray, lotion, and panties) that often end up getting thrown out because, let’s face it, most men have terrible taste in undergarments and scents. Thank god these monsters are going to get the book thrown at them!
Hopefully this goes without saying, but I don’t want prostitutes or johns arrested for the consensual, adult transactions they arrange. I’m not lamenting a lack of arrests, I’m lamenting a surplus of wasteful stings and stupid law enforcement priorities. I know that police have to enforce the law regardless of how they personally feel about the law, and one charitable way to read this story would be to assume they didn’t make more arrests because they too thought their assignment was ridiculous and so didn’t put their best foot forward.
Syracuse saw 200 reported crimes in a single week of May alone, including 25 assaults and 45 burglaries. How that merits six months of posting Backpage ads, I’ve no idea. This also comes on the tail of police noticing that “street prostitution had dropped precipitously,” meaning it was definitely not prompted by the standard complaints about public nuisances like loitering, late night noise, and littering. (Love that word choice there. “Precipitously”? Uh oh. Are we talking about a decline in street work or a drop in the patient’s blood sugar levels?)
In summation, what the fuck, Syracuse police? Syracuse citizens should start asking more of you, beginning with the request that you target working girls less.
Charlotte has been working in the sex industry for eight years and writing about it for just as long. After stints in webcam, massage, and fetish work, she is now an overpriced prostitute having less intercourse than ever before. More of her writing can be found at www.charlotteshane.com.
Amen. It’s not right, people just trying to live their lives getting their freedom taken away for no real reason.
It could be that neighbors were upset by the customer traffic that the brothel brought in and felt it messed up their orderly neighborhood. Or it could also be some cops who need to make their quota or get a promotion so they need to make sure they get a big vice sting that’s “successful” in arresting “criminals”. Mostly a lot of these larger prostitution stings are targetted at immigrants so that the police feel justified in stopping trafficking victims. They get lots of money to pump up their budgets when they go after trafficking victims, whom they then deport back to their homelands, who find themselves ostracized by their family & friends.
Ultimately, I’m not sure that the arrests deter the people involved from returning to prostitution if that’s the police’s objective. When these sex workers are hit with fines, they usually have to rely even more on doing more sex work to pay off these fines. The arrests just keep sex workers in a cycle of criminality.
If the law just decriminalized prostitution, it would make it better for the sex workers. They could report when there’s a real crime being committed against them instead of being labelled the criminals.
I’m also making a documentary entitled LICENSE TO PIMP about strippers & the choices they make when their strip clubs engage in illegal labor practices: http://licensetopimp.com/
It couldn’t have been traffic from a brothel because the police themselves set up an incall in an apartment complex and then lured individuals there both as clients and as workers. Everyone arrested for prostitution seems to have been working independently as there were no mentions of pimping charges or larger “rings” being brought down. There was also no mention of anyone being in the country illegally or being charged with trafficking. So I think this was a pretty old school sting. Of course I agree that decriminalization is preferable and these enterprises are valueless.
Yes i agree, the cops shold should not target “working girls” at all. I’m not a “working girl”, I was for 15 years. 6 years ago I was tyed up raped. The ADA AND KELLY HICKS, SVU. B LAMMED ME.
SAID IT WAS MY FAULT. HOW DARE THEY. How the atjortiedauthorities handled the case was illegal. They charged the rapist. They dropped the charge after 6 months. Anyway I hate police.
Charged the rapist, the D.A.’s office dropped the rape charge and said it was all my fault that I was raped
Oh, Khia. Tell us how you really feel. This probably won’t have as solid a place in the stripper canon as “My Neck, My Back (Lick It),” but it’s just as subtle.
Susan, formerly known as Bubbles Burbujas/StripperTweets, is a career stripper who started dancing while Clinton was in office. She has a B.A. in English and enjoys playing totally inappropriate obscure music at work. twitter dot com tumblr susaneshepard at gmail dot com
The web server encountered A short lived mistake. Be sure to excuse us although we rearrange a number of things, after which you can attempt refreshing the webpage.
This chair is a giant fluffy bean bag chair that is made for personal comfort and was made with quality in mind. One of the greatest things concerning this lineup of cheap bean bag chairs is, the selection you’re specified once you order a person.
​The pricing although it’s higher than the usual handful of others on this checklist absolutely makes up for it concerning quality and comfort any time you have a seat
Luscious Grey. A soft and sensual fabric with the Unique Ambi-Spring procedure, makes this high back sofa a Specific bit of designer furniture.
If you cannot see the exact colour you're soon after, get in touch with us to discuss a achievable colour match, we're generally there to help people with their bean bags queries.
The overall chair length ought to be 7 toes, no additional and no considerably less, so make sure to watch out for suitable specs for this chair.
The hardware is all nickel plated Forged iron as well as the bag is sewn with each other using extremely robust non-acidic polyester to keep up the variety of the bag for just a lifetime.
​​A number of customers complained that several of the bean items smelled but Individuals concerns were cared for
The removable cover equipped to this chair signifies you can pull out the foam pillow inside in case you’d like. The double locking zipper retains everything encased within it secure and its polystyrene beads make it super comfortable. Price: $fifty.ninety nine
​Presents numerous types of different color alternatives and all of them appear naturally fantastic thanks to the leather material made use of On this manufacture of this chair
Sooner or later or An additional the look for new chairs for your office will ensue when your old chairs become torn and tattered. When it comes to searching for a completely new office chair, you will discover 3 criterion that most people and enterprises seek out: value, longevity, and price. Will the chair verify to get a worthwhile investment decision or will it collapse after a year of use?
The zipper over the lounger is double layered and delivers more safety in place for children or accidental unzips
The cover of the chair is definitely removed and might be thrown in to the washer do you have to ever need to wash it
​This Fuf chair almost seems like a sunken couch after you very first evaluate it. In the event you’ve been looking for a thing that can fit multiple people, it may be complicated occasionally to find anything that not only suits multiple people but some thing that’s comfortable likewise news simply because most XXL bean bag chairs are rough and really hard.
​Works in any room and appears fantastic in any room as well, if it’s a lounging chair, a gaming chair, a reading chair as well as for seeing movies
It’s soothing and leaning back in one is almost as pleasurable as obtaining a nice therapeutic massage. The massive sales pitch of this chair is that the beans inside comfort to you and not another way close to.
Isn’t an entire bean bag type as being the chair also arrives with some comforting arm and back help for people preferring the variety of the standard office chairs
We custom make every bean bag to order so if you are looking for anything truly unique, Call us and check with about options for oversized bean bags.
Being an alternative to classic lounge and couch settings this means you don’t have to invest thousands of bucks to create a room equally as you like it.
Stopping intermittently to shuffle the beans within the corners of the bean bag in advance of pouring additional filling in.
Since 10% of their gains all drop by charity for kids, you can experience good about your purchase knowing that Massive Joe is usually a company that cares. It really is very easy to order items from them due to the quality, but also as it feels good to assist click reference organizations that do the correct factor.
Foam shreds are employed for memory foam pillows, cushions, in soft toys and stuffing several a memory foam Canine mattress. It resists mildew and decay and is also perfect for outdoor uses.
A highly durable Polyester makes this bag waterproof and an outdoor accent You should use during the garden, Seaside or because of the pool, whichever occurs being your most loved.
A very complete shipping and delivery info site is presented if you check out your shopping cart. Just click the Delivery site connection proper beneath the UPS Estimate button.
Make a choice from an in depth choice of colour, condition and size choices inside our bean bag furniture collections.
You shouldn’t normally have faith in only one person’s word, so Why don't you Look into what some other end users said within their reviews?
Huge Joe is each comfortable and purposeful. It is quite large, so make positive that there’s sufficient more than enough room for it. The creators of this wonderful bean bag make use of a patented, a single-of-a-kind seat filled with FUF. It’s a shredded combination of foam and memory foam. It can be fluffed time and again once more without getting rid of it’s comfort.
The Rest Judge is really a participant inside the Amazon Providers LLC Associates Software together with other very similar affiliate advertising plans which might be designed to offer a means for us to receive costs by linking to these affiliates’ Internet sites for instance Amazon.com.
Make a fun area to browse and chill out with this faux leather football bean bag—ideal for any budding footballer's bedroom.
There are numerous comfortable foam seat chairs, but another thing they all have in prevalent is often a sound body of some sort underneath the foam. As well as longer you sit, the greater you could possibly come to be aware about the sensation on the frame beneath the cushion.
It’s nonetheless a little large nevertheless it’s alternatively fluffy and it’s perfect for leaning back and enjoyable. It’s only four feet in length, when compared with the preceding solution which was 6 feet in length and still presents the identical volume of quality at a reasonably good price.
Increase an exciting seating Resolution to your living room or child's bedroom with this handmade bean bag—an ideal place to sit down and skim.
Have your child harmony a bean bag on The top whilst walking along a harmony beam, a length of rope, or along a line marked out on the ground.
​It does have a little although to grow and become accustomed to so it may look smaller for the first several times that you have it.
I purchased the one particular seater in purple. It is the best factor I've ever bought. Unquestionably my favourite place to take a seat! Thank you GreatBeanBags.
Why not get more than one merchandise and help save on shipping and delivery? To make the most, just add two or more merchandise to your shopping cart.
If guests stay about, empty out the bedding, flip above the Corduroy Couch Bean Bag and you've got an extremely comfortable bed! We expect It will be the coolest sofa-mattress you could possibly ever have.
(amount verified at checkout) To become delivered at checkout assist icon for Delivery - opens a layer
The material was made with a micro suede cover, so it’s easily washable and it’s perfect for people who may published here have pets and children, that usually carry germs and Grime everywhere
Fab! Super comfy and really easy to obtain with each other, Guidelines were not that valuable while. Great for anybody who has slender doorways or staircases. Seems to be lovely too, very joyful with my purchase!!
Place a pile of beanbags at one particular side of the property along with a bucket at one other, and also have your child hop, run, bounce, crawl or skip to take the bean bag to the bucket – your child can possibly hold the beanbag, equilibrium it on The top, or balance it on an outstretched arm or perhaps a spoon!
The Bonkers Slab is really a basically a bean bag with very little shape to it and because of this it allows for numerous different designs of place when in use so You can utilize it however you like it to suit your space and your comfort.
The stylish Fatboy junior beanbag is the proper addition to any child's room. Your child can curl up with a good e book, lay back and check out cartoons, and perhaps have a midday nap.
Being a multi-purposeful feature, the back/armrests of your Faux Suede Couch Bean Bag can provide the bean sacks removed and be replaced with quilts and pillows.
Fab! Super comfy and fairly easy for getting collectively, Guidelines were not that handy though. Ideal for anybody who has slender doors or staircases. Seems lovely far too, very content with my purchase!!
Best method of getting the online florist in Vietnam is thru looking at their reviews. This is really the safest and speediest alternative you normally takes up.
Correct and punctually tracking of affected person information is achievable with Digital health and fitness records. It cuts down speculating histories, voids observing multiple specialists, makes certain clean alterations between care configurations, and will allow far better care in emergencies. Health care checking features both equally prescription background along with the associated final results.
Here's the large a person to share! Sprawl out in a single of our largest Beans (by yourself or cuddle up with someone)! The feel and feel to this suede fabric is sheer bliss. Just about every bean bag is filled to perfection with lightweight foam beads.
The Yogibo Yogi Max Bean Bag Sofa is an ideal way to invest your Sunday lounging in. The development from premium-quality cotton, this bean bag is sturdy and long-lasting. This soft and plush bean bag is offered in multiple vivid and vibrant colors, allowing you to pick the a person that is most suitable for your room decor.
The bean bag has a tough skin, as well, which serves not only to guard it but additionally to provide outstanding digital camera gripping. This don’t-leave-home-without-it treasure comes to you empty so that it is possible to fill it with whatever you like—even soaked sand, as a result of its waterproof inside lining.
The comfort of those soft, cushioned bean bags are only matched by Eco-friendly recycled foam filled inside.
They really do mold to your human body.. It might be uncomfortable if you progress about or sit on it in specified means Once you freshly fluff it since it stays that way so fluff and lay nonetheless.. You almost certainly will probably be from breath and wishing to do visit the site that anyways since it may be hard to fluff these.. I use a pillow and blanket and make it really feel very comforting in my home with these.. They are rather challenging to clean bc the material picks up everything.. In the event you drop a good deal it could be aggravating.. I seize little wigs of my hair on it.. So continue to keep that in your mind as well When you have a pet. They are very durable to throw close to, leap on, yank, and so on.. General I love them but There are several small erks..
I had my two nephews and my niece at my home this weekend and it match them and my three boys(they have been cramped but they all desired to sit on it). It appears really durable but picks up EVERYTHING so trying to keep it spotless has been a chore. My husband that's 6 foot four loves this issue and will lay within our kids room with them on it for hours at any given time. General this has been a wonderful product or service and an amazing "early christmas" shock. I unquestionably advocate this item! Im so happy I purchased it!!
Enquire about refund and are available back guidelines that you can buy items. Retailers regularly have different refund and return policies out there products, clearance items Particularly.
Logic Vending provide and install business espresso devices as Section of an intensive line of catering answers all over the British isles.
They help you save you from needing to keep your lens with one particular hand, Therefore reserving your digits for one more use.
If you should like your purchase in the hurry please add a Notice towards the customer reviews portion within your get and We're going to do our best to dispatch as a priority. You should Notice delivery guideline for Cubbies & Beds via Courier is around 5-ten enterprise times.
Specifics of which sizes have which fastenings are available from the Products Dimensions portion to the best.
Examine online (we advise Amazon.com) or with doll stuffing suppliers, packing suppliers or upholstery suppliers for sources. Other proposed filler to employ would be packing peanuts. Use the ones that Tend not to dissolve with drinking water
Make sure you ensure you give a valid Road delivery handle (this product cannot be shipped to a PO BOX), automated transport applies and no more redemption is necessary.
The ultimate sofa for somebody looking for your comfort and ease of a Theater Sack but additionally the versatility of the couch or futon. As a consequence of It is really large size, the can certainly in shape 3-four people (like a couch) and can also be made use of being an awesome bed (like a futon).
Two seater sofa is usually a stand by yourself present day piece or might be Element of a matching selection. Comprised of the internal picket... More info...
Our three seater sofa beds aren’t simply a stylish select, they’re a Leading choice With regards to safety, much too. In lieu of use polystyrene ball fillings, our sofa beds utilise CMHR (Combustion Modified Resilience Flexible Foam), a high-grade filling that’s equally incredibly comfortable and flame resistant to boot. Offering full comfort, these sofa beds are a super choice for kids’ rooms and gaming dens, delivering a enjoyable retreat for heavy-duty use, as well as saving you the need to pile absent bundles of extra bedding in much-needed storage space.
A suitable factory with fabric cutters, sewing machinists and Nottingham centered telephone/IT aid employees. This shouldn't be your only explanation for choosing us, but it really's good to know that you're supporting British manufacturing and that your high quality bean bags ended up made just in the future (globally Talking!).
Bean Bags & Inflatables Beds. - You can pair the circular shaped red bean bag sofa with a loft or a round table. Since the sofa is red, you are able to count on it get noticed amongst your other furniture. You will find a lot of uses for our durable sofa.
Our Faux Suede bean bags are designed to feel and appear indistinguishable from real suede, but have the benefit of being low maintenance, easy to clean and stain repellent.
Rated three out of five by Susan from Sheds fur! They're lovely beanbags and our eight yr outdated twin boys love be them but they won’t arise to any leaping on them or rough Engage in. They Possess a gap in them already which has had to be stitched. Also they really do drop the phony fur everywhere.
Bury yourself from the ultimate comfort of the Foam-Filled Sofa. It can be filled with considered one of A form patented memory foam to Enable you to submerge into it and rest following a really hard day’s operate.
It really is beautiful Spotlight Dining Table, and it's so comfortable it matches to all the furniture i have gotten. The color is exactly how it seems to be at the images.
FAQ Why am I not able to get any discounts when getting two or even more merchandise that are qualified for combined transport?
firstly, i’m not wasting your time, i qualify as a guy who fits your bill; that is i make more than $500k per year.
This Forum is for any other questions you might have and for discussions on the latest Sony television news.
Aqoraquest answers the call for the most comprehensive Sony information in one easy to locate online web portal. We are glad you have arrived here and are committed to providing you with the latest Sony news and large forum. We take pride in being an inclusive unofficial guide to all things Sony.
"Thoughts On a Song" (詞にこめた思い, Uta ni Kometa Omoi?) is the fourth episode of the anime adapted from Full Moon o Sagashite.
I Will Force You to Use These Recipes for Vaginal Burning Cure find out more Effective Experience in Vaginal Burning[…]
Genital blemishes are one of the most common sexually sent illness (STD) in North America and Europe. Most patients with[…]
Safe Therapy for HPV & Genital Warts! Rapidly deal with venereal excrescences from the convenience of your personal residence! Fast,[…]
What causes vaginal discharge Vaginal discharge serves an important housekeeping function in the female reproductive system. Fluid made by glands[…]
HPV infection of genital tract is very common. Human papilomavirus is the most typical organism contaminated the women genital system.[…]
my niece offering a hump on the swimming pool balloon to damage her scratchy butt. amusing and also adorable XD[…]
– Brenda suffered with swollen feet for 18 years before she found SmoothToe socks! Gain instant relief from edema, swollen[…]
Jasmin from uk is the last virgin we sold. Candice swanepoel nude sex. Alexandra Profile Home area: I am beautiful, charming, sweet, lovely and have open mind. Alexandra is a kinky Russian mistress in Bangkok. Escort girl alexandra. These dates are something special for me.
He was around 30 years older than her but they liked each other obviously and decided to stay together. It made also headlines. For her it took long time as her english was not good. Lolita from russia got bought by a russian business-man for If these are your problems, then you are in urgent need of a mistress to satisfy all your physical as well as mental desires. Of course a lot of man wish to marry a virgin. Very sexy naked pics. This chance loves and lives I.
She is an investment that you should definitely make if you want to get the pleasure whenever you want to. Many men have described Alexandra as the short and sexy siren. But we can have a high security system to discover all fakes before they sell it. I am accessible by e-mail and I am glad about your news: Maybe they will start a relationship. Load more 7 photos. Cinderella Escorts upload official documents from german goverment.
In soft BDSM I love presentation, exhibitionism, mindgames, sensory deprivation, orgasm control, education plays, restriction and more with you. I can make true your sexual dreams. The Best Brazilian Panther. My personality exudes genuine warmth and charisma, making me an unfo Moscow. Hence, at that age, you do not want to get pleasured by skinny girls. Rich dollaz nude photos. Alexandra claims she was angry with cinderella escorts. Whenever you are in need, she will be waiting for you at a particular place.
You can hand the rest of the ammount to me with pleasure in bar at our date. Follow Me Total views: If you are hoping to maintain a mistress, then you should realize that you are of considerable age.
I am accessible by e-mail and I am glad about your news: Alexandra is one of the hottest mistresses that you can get in Bangkok, her full and curvy figure makes men lust for her even more.
We have this request a lot. Hence the curvy and hot with the big bust, Alexandra is the ideal mistress for you. Hot milf huge dick. For her it took long time as her english was not good. Not A Member Yet? Jasmin told me she is really interested in him. You will have such a memorable time with me. Hence, at that age, you do not want to get pleasured by skinny girls.
It made also headlines. Alexandra claim that she lied to all the world. In big cities like Frankfurt, Munich I am bookable from 4 hours. I realise within the scope of as a Fetish Independent Escort my passion with real devotion. Escort girl alexandra. Mature escorts hamilton. Have you been alone in Moscow several times already this year and wished you had companion waiting for you in the suite of your hotel after an intense schedule of business meetings.
We can not watch into the brains of women when they apply. Ariana from russia sold her virginity also to a russian business-man. I am beautiful, charming, sweet, lovely and have open mind. He is a famous Hollywood Actor. Alexandra is a mistress whom you should not give up on. Currently Alexandra works as Stripper: She say that her plan was to become a famous model. She is an investment that you should definitely make if you want to get the pleasure whenever you want to. Retro nude sex. Local Rates in Dresden.
Facebook Twitter Youtube Payment terms. I am bookable in Dresden, Leipzig and Berlin from 2 hours. At the moment we are on a good way to sell the virginity of the australian women. My name is alexandra. If you are hoping to maintain a mistress, then you should realize that you are of considerable age.
A Bangkok Russian mistress like Alexandra is needed by all those men who are simply tired of their monotonous married life and all the squabbles associated with it.
ICIT Entertainment proudly serves St. Genevieve wines, Bud Lite and Miller Lite beers. As well as premium liquors like Crown Royal and Jack Daniel's. We can also custom tailor your bar to fit your personal taste. Beers, wines and liquors can be modified in any fashion that you might imagine. ICIT Entertainment can work in any location in Texas. We are licensed by TABC and are bonded and insured.
(Per person charges are inclusive: labor, rental, alcohol, non-alcoholic, etc.) Per person charge based on groups of 50 or more and an 8.25% sales tax will be added as required by law starting in 2014. Prices subject to change.
In an effort to provide high quality professional bar service at an affordable price, ICIT Entertainment has developed various bar choices that are sure to fit any budget and any menu.
Unlimited Open Bar: Open bar for those 21 and over with no set limit. Charges are per person based on the count given to caterer and dependent on level of bar selected along with all applicable charges
Limited Open Bar: Open bar for those 21 and over with a set number of beverages to be served. Charges are based on amount of beverages to be served, level of bar, and all applicable charges.
Consumption Bar: Open bar for those 21 and over with no set limit. Charges are per drink and dependent on level of bar selected along with all applicable charges.
Ticket Bar: Where as the host purchases a set number of tickets and then a cash bar replaces the tickets when used up. Charges dependent on number of tickets purchased, level of bar selected, and all applicable charges.
Cash Bar: Drinks are sold to those over 21. Prices are based on fair market value. Host is responsible for labor, rental, delivery and any other applicable charges.
Non-alcoholic Bar: Open beverage service to all with sodas, tea, juices, and non-alcoholic mixed drinks. Charges are per person based on the count given to caterer and all applicable charges.
For the maximum rate of damping, the periods of the pendulous system and of the oscillating liquid should be equal, and the angular velocity of the pendulum and the torque acting on the pendulum due to the oscillating liquid should differ in phase by one-half period (Art. 25). These factors can be controlled within certain limits by the valve V.
This method has been used for damping the roll of ships (Art. 28), and is used for damping the vibration of certain gyro-compasses (Art. 137).
28. The Frahm Anti-Roll Tanks. - The rolling of a ship by periodic waves can be diminished through resonance by an oscillating mass of water surging back and forth from a tank on one side of the ship to a tank on the other side. The frequencies of sea waves vary from about five to eight per minute in deep water, and from about eight to eleven in shallow water. The period at any particular place does not remain constant for many minutes in succession. The phase of the wave motion changes whenever a wave crest topples over.
The Frahm anti-rolling device* consists of closed tanks placed opposite to one another at the two sides of the ship. The tanks are about half filled with water. In the earlier equipments designed by Frahm, the tanks were placed inside the ship, the lower parts of opposite tanks were joined by a water passage and the upper parts joined by an air passage controlled by a valve. In later equipments, the tanks have been placed on the exterior of the hull like the " blisters " commonly used on warships as a protection against torpedoes. The Hamburg-America line steamers Albert Ballin, Deutschland, Hamburg and New York are provided with such blisters extending above and below the water line along about two-thirds the length of the hull. The blister on each side is divided into three parts by vertical partitions. The upper parts of opposite tanks are joined by air pipes provided with adjustable valves. The lower parts of opposite tanks are not joined by water pipes but open into the sea, Fig. 32. The period of the water surging back and forth from one side to the other can be adjusted within certain limits by adjusting the air valves.
ship, the amplitude of roll of the ship will grow larger and larger through resonance. It is the purpose of the tanks to prevent such a building up of the roll amplitude. Suppose that the period of oscillation of the water back and forth from one tank to the other is about the same as the period of roll of the ship and that the velocity of the water surging back and forth from one tank to the other is one-half period behind the torque acting on the ship due
to the waves. Under these conditions the surging water will absorb energy from the rolling ship at the maximum rate (Art. 25). The required adjustment of period of surge of the water in the tanks and of the phase difference between the angular velocity of the ship and the torque acting on the ship, can be made by a man operating the valve in the pipe connecting the tanks. The maintenance of the proper adjustment is rendered very difficult by the two facts that the phase of the torque acting on the ship is changed when an oncoming wave topples over, and that the period of the waves is constant for but short spaces of time.
The weight of the Frahm anti-rolling tanks and contents is from about three to five per cent of the weight of the ship, depending upon the constants of the ship. t
This 19th century manor house rests in the picturesque East Suffolk countryside, conveniently located for exploring the Broads and Heritage Coast. The hotel offers a recently refurbished bar and AA award winning restaurant, where you can choose from char-grill dishes, pizza and pasta, traditional cuisine and a wide selection of desserts. There are 2 function suites suitable for events of all sizes. The Manor Suite is ideal for large events like weddings, catering for up to 180 people for a meal and 200 standing. The Colville Room is available for smaller functions like business meetings and can seat 60 people to dine and accommodate 70 standing. The Carlton Manor Hotel holds a civil wedding licence.
Photos Met Art Bijou A & Lilly A Reskas by Luca Helios Out on the lake with two amazing young ladies who caress each other until the goose bumps jump. Views: 543
Photos MILF Soup Cassidy And Ryder Quickly Rushed To Help Him Out. They Invited Him In To Ted To His Bumps And Scraps But What Happened Soon After Would Have Commando Thankful He Busted His Ass In Front Of Cassidys Ho Views: 1,045
The rivalries at Amazon lengthen over and above at the rear of-the-back reviews. Employees say the Bezos great, a meritocracy in which individuals and ideas contend and the top earn, where by co-personnel challenge one another “even though doing so is not comfortable or exhausting,” as the Management principles note, has become a globe of Repeated overcome.
(Numerous tech companies are racing to top each other’s family members depart policies — Netflix just started presenting nearly a year of paid out parental go away. Amazon, nevertheless, gives no paid paternity leave.)
Karstadt Sports activities The entire environment of sports activities on 5 flooring - you can find tools for every willpower.
Since the century wore on a tremendous variety of items and manufactures were steadily manufactured available for the urban Center and higher courses. This advancement in consumption led to your increase of 'shopping' - a proliferation of retail shops marketing particular goods plus the acceptance of shopping for a cultural exercise in its have right.
In contemporary times client concentrate is a lot more transferred to online shopping; worldwide individuals order merchandise from distinct locations and online suppliers deliver their merchandise to their houses, places of work or where ever they want.
Most of the garments are Chinese sizing not United states of america so get An even bigger sizing. I'd no difficulty with what I purchased ,I ordered some kitchen area things and so they came more rapidly then they predicted which was neat. Packaging was high-quality too. I'll warm you believed shopping can take up to twelve months considering the fact that a lot of goods (not all) come from China and possess to endure customs.
Workforce, human sources executives and recruiters describe a gentle exodus. “The pattern of melt away and churn at Amazon, causing a disproportionate quantity of candidates from Amazon displaying at our doorstep, is obvious and dependable,” Nimrod Hoofien, a director of engineering at Fb and an Amazon veteran, explained in a latest Facebook write-up.
“That’s once the ulcer commenced,” she said. (Like various other previous employees, the woman requested that her read title not be used simply because her existing company does business with Amazon. Some present-day staff were hesitant to get determined given that they were barred on front page from speaking with reporters.)
These meta sellers can have a lot of items mentioned, have substantial transaction numbers and therefore are grouped alongside other fewer prolific users supplying them believability as just somebody who has long been in business enterprise for a very long time. Markup is anywhere from fifty% to a hundred% and at times much more, these sellers sustain that objects are in inventory when the opposite is correct. As Amazon will increase their dominance from the marketplace these drop shippers have become Increasingly more commonplace recently.[citation necessary]
E. Shaw, a economical business that overturned Wall pop over here Street convention by utilizing algorithms to find the most out of each trade.
The organization licensed only A few senior supervisors to speak to reporters for this informative article, declining requests for interviews with Mr. Bezos and his leading leaders.
You've the selection of a number of occasion types, working techniques, and software package packages. Amazon EC2 lets you select a configuration of memory, CPU, instance storage, and the boot partition dimensions that is optimal on your choice of running system and application.
“Right before I head out and buy a little something, I will research via Desire & Mama to see if they have got it for a cheaper price pop over to this web-site tag. I won't ever all over again purchase just about anything with out checking these 2 apps 1st! I like their product our website and their costs!”
“I have not had this sort of a pleasant shopping knowledge as I did with [Wish]. The service is awesome, the merchandise are well-priced and glimpse good; They may be high quality at the same time. I like this Web page.”
As Executive Director of Gun Owners of America, Inc., and Executive Vice President of Gun Owners Foundation, and on behalf of our over 300,000 members and supporters, I respectfully bring to your attention a matter that requires your immediate action.
The official White House website includes a page1 which purports to describe key provisions of the United States Constitution. With respect to the Second Amendment, the complete description of the Second Amendment on the website is as follows:
Even recognizing that the website attempts to present only a simple summary of provisions of the Constitution, the description is highly inaccurate, and should be immediately corrected so as not to mislead the American people as to the true nature and scope of the Second Amendment. There are two separate problems with the White House website.
The Second Amendment does not “give” citizens any rights. Rather, as the U.S. Supreme Court explained in District of Columbia v. Heller, 554 U.S. 570 (2008), the Second Amendment “codifies,”2 “protects,”3 and “secure[s]”4 a right — rather than “grants,” “bestows,” or “gives” one.
The Supreme Court explicitly stated that “it has always been widely understood that the Second Amendment, like the First and Fourth Amendments, codified a pre-existing right. The Second Amendment text recognizes the right as pre-existent, declaring only that it ‘shall not be infringed.’” Id. at 592 (emphasis added). That is why the Court concluded in Heller that the right to keep and bear arms “belongs to all Americans.” Id. at 581 (emphasis added).5
Thus, the Second Amendment protects a right granted us by our Creator, as described in the nation’s charter, the Declaration of Independence:
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness. [Emphasis added.]
You can understand our concern here, for if the Second Amendment is a mere privilege given to American citizens by government, it is a privilege which can be overcome by naked assertions of public safety. Indeed, this misunderstanding of the Second Amendment undergirds the erroneous positions being argued in many cases across the country by your Attorney General and the U.S. Justice Department.
Additionally, the description on the White House website completely ignores the fact that the Second Amendment protects not only the right to “bear” arms but also to “keep” them.
Indeed, the U.S. Supreme Court in Heller expressly addressed the right to “keep” a handgun for self-defense within the home. In its analysis, the Supreme Court, in parsing the words of the Second Amendment, analyzed the right to “keep” separately from the right to “bear” arms. Id. at 581. These two words have specific, and different, meanings, protecting different sets of activities. One must first enjoy the right to own (“keep”) a firearm in order to protect its use (“bear”).
On behalf of one of the largest and oldest firearms rights groups in the United States, we respectfully suggest that the White House adopt following language to replace the erroneous explanation:
“The Second Amendment seeks to preserve the United States as a free nation, by protecting the right of individual American citizens to acquire, own, possess, sell, carry and use modern firearms, both through service in a citizen’s militia as a final line of defense against government tyranny, as well as other personal uses such as self-defense, hunting, and other sporting activities.”
Please do not hesitate to contact me if we can be of further assistance in this matter. We look forward to these corrections to the White House’s website being made in the near future.
Se la vita di coppia vi sta annoiando o volete evitare che accada in futuro, pensate a qualcosa di originale per dare una scossa al vostro rapporto. È sempre meglio stare attenti a ciò che si fa insieme e aggiungere un po’ di varietà per permettere al rapporto di rimanere solido. È difficile non cadere in schemi ripetitivi perché lo stress della vita di tutti i giorni intacca la creatività. Ecco quindi 6 cose da fare in coppia per rompere la routine se siete a corto di idee.
James Lever are a leading UK rope manufacturer and are suppliers of high quality, traditional natural and synthetic ropes. These include three-strand polyhemp, sisal and manila ropes which are available in a range of diameters from 4mm to 32mm on standard 220m coils. These traditional ropes have a multitude of uses in the engineering, agricultural, building, marine and leisure industries and are frequently used as barrier/fencing ropes, decking ropes, in general landscaping, for lifting, securing and many more general purpose applications. All our traditional ropes are also available from www.rope-source.co.uk, where they are sold by the metre and in 10, 20, 30, 50 and 100 metre lengths.
Sisal Rope - made from the natural fibres of the Agave sisalana plant it compliments planting and timberwork perfectly and is ideal for outdoor use. As sisal rope is the type of rope that would have traditionally been used on ships, the nautical feel it gives makes it particularly popular for use as a decking rope
Manila Rope - Manila is produced from the natural fibres of the abaca plant, native to the Philippines. Manila rope is stronger than sisal rope and firmer than synthetic ropes, whilst remaining flexible and easy to work with. Manila rope was traditionally used on ships
Polyhemp Rope - is a weatherproof rope that will not shrink in length or expand in diameter when wet. As it is made from polypropylene it has the hard wearing qualities of a synthetic rope whilst retaining the look and feel of a natural hemp rope.
3 Ply Jute Rope - Jute is a long, soft, shiny vegetable fibre that can be spun into coarse, strong threads. It is produced from plants in the genus Corchorus,The fibers are off-white to brown, and 1–4 metres (3–13 feet) long. Jute is also called "the golden fiber" for its color and high cash value.
For further information on these products please contact James Lever Ropes and Twines manufacturers.
Related products - With over 150 years of manufacturing Ropes, Twine, Cords and Strings James Lever have the skills and knowledge to produce traditional ropes and related natural fibre and synthetic rope products to your requirements
Child of Light Free Download PC Game Cracked in Direct Link and Torrent. Child of Light is an Aesthetic game with great 2d-gfx and music.
Child of Light is developed by Ubisoft Montréal and published by Ubisoft. It was released in 29 Apr, 2014.
Aurora, a young girl from 1895 Austria, awakens on the lost fairytale continent of Lemuria. To return home she must fight against the dark creatures of the Queen of the Night, who have stolen the sun, the moon and the stars. At stake is not only Lemuria, but Aurora’s true destiny.
Created by a talented team at Ubisoft Montreal using the UbiArt Framework, Child of Light is an RPG inspired by fairy tales complemented with a story carefully crafted in verse and rhyme. Step into a living painting, the breathtaking scenery of Lemuria is an invitation to explore a long lost world.
Across your journey through Lemuria you will encounter many eccentric creatures, from spirits of the forest to talking mice to wicked witches and evil sea serpents. Discover a vast land with iconic locations and exciting dungeons that will evolve as Aurora regains the stolen lights.
Battle enemies using an Active-Time Battle System alongside the firefly Igniculus and other members of Aurora’s party on their quest to recover the sun, the moon and the stars. Beat your enemies using a deep party system and the varied skill trees of your party. Play with a friend as both Aurora and Igniculus using the seamless drop-in drop-out cooperative multiplayer.
Copyright © The Institute of Geologists of Ireland. All Rights Reserved. Hosted By Beecher Networks.
From cool-tone whites to block brights, we've got the everyday skater dresses and party-ready bodycon styles that are perfect for transitioning from day to play. Minis, midis and maxis are our motto, with classic jersey always genius and printed cami dresses the season's killer cut - add skyscraper heels for a serioulsy statement look. Dress up or down in style with boohoo.
The famed Victoria Secret fashion show took place recently in New York City. Sultry models strutted their stuff in lingerie on the catwalk, but there was more eye candy to be seen on the pink carpet for the after party. So who is wearing these saucy Givenchy spiked high heel sandals?
Welcome to the High Point State Park blog - your source for information about nature and history programs in the Park. High Point is located in the northwestern corner of New Jersey in rural Sussex County.
Please call the Interpretive Center at 973.875.1471 if you have questions about park programs, or email us at highpointprograms@gmail.com.
For questions about hiking, camping, swimming, picnicking or other information, please call the park office at 973.875.4800 or go to the official website for High Point State Park and the NJ Division of Parks and Forestry. Need directions? Click on the link above.
To view the full program description in Google Calendar, click on the program title, then click on the "more details" link at the bottom of the expanded entry, and a new window will open with all the program information. You can also switch between "monthly, "weekly," and "agenda" views by clicking on the tabs in the upper right corner. To create a printer-friendly calendar, click on the icon to the left of the tabs. To advance through the months click on the forward/backward arrows at the top left of the calendar.
To view the full program description, click on the program title, then click on the "more details" link at the bottom of the expanded entry, and a new window will open with all the program information.
Click to download a pdf of the Geology of High Point State Park published by the NJ Geological Survey. Hard copies are also for sale for $2 in the Park Office.
Iron Bridge Capital took its name from the original “Iron Bridge”built in Colebrookdale, England, a historic iron bridge that was one of the first industrial structures built of iron that laid the groundwork for skyscraper and multi-story iron and steel buildings.
We focus on the main and secondary markets in the Southeast where we can invest or develop mid-size opportunities that are too large for individual investors but too small for larger institutional funds.
Our target transaction size is between $10-25 million, but we will consider larger transactions if the opportunity meets our parameters, and we will also look at smaller ones if there is a program or path to a larger platform.
We follow a strict fundamental approach to underwriting our investments and utilize conservative assumptions, extensive scenario analyses, and thorough due diligence prior to the acquisition or development of an asset.
We employ prudent leverage levels appropriate for the nature of the assets and the investment parameters of our clients, and ensure that our capital structure is carefully managed to maximize returns and control risk.
Our ability to identify unique opportunities is a result of our team’s extensive experience and long-standing local relationships. We have developed a deep network throughout the Southeast with asset and land owners, brokerages, the commercial lending and investment banking sectors, as well as with institutional investors across the country.
To date, no Iron Bridge project has ever lost a dollar of investor or lender capital, either as the investor or the developer, over multiple economic cycles since its inception in 2001.
We seek to acquire high quality, well-located assets below replacement cost to mitigate downside risk. Value Add opportunities are typically well-located properties that are underperforming their potential due to deficiencies in the physical plant or in the existing management.
Our approach is hands-on, targeting properties that we believe are undervalued, possess cash flow potential and may benefit from the implementation of a rigorous, value-added asset management plan where value can be created through focused operational and financial management.
This plan may involve capital improvements, expense reduction, proactive leasing, capital restructuring or asset repositioning.
We pursue opportunistic projects across multiple sectors through our extensive network in the Southeast by investing with longstanding operating partners in new development sites or by developing them ourselves.
We execute this strategy by traditional land purchase and construction, solving a problem with an existing site to clear the way for a transformative development, partnering with a city or municipality, or by identifying and solving an issue with an existing structure in a cost-effective way.
Additionally, Iron Bridge has experience in underwriting and funding complex and situational real estate transactions. These special situations can be in the form of bridge loans and other special situation debt opportunities, secured by a broad range of real estate assets.
Well, chalk this one up to boredome, and, too shiny a gun (sorry Wiersy-bud! ). Been sniffin' 'round fer tactical vert-grip stocks, etc..no one makes one fer Kabonger's that's a "drop in", I'd have to get something close them smith fit it. Not a very popular model. Not sure why- it's made here and it's butt-accurate. Meh, oh well. The factory stock is really nice, straight and dispurses recoil nicely. It's a bit light too, fer carry obviuosly.
We all know I like the rifle, still diddlin' with loads, it's plenty accurate. But, I just wasn't totally sold on the look. It's a "sniper" sorta rifle for me. Fer long range steels and such, just a fun plinkin' gun. So....
Went to Kragen and got some spatter-coat trunk paint, black w/ lil' white fleckie's. After cleaning the stock with laquer thinner I shot it up. This stuff's pretty tuff. It seems well stuck on there after 24hrs. Gonna let it go for a few days more. The texture I'm sure you all know. It's pretty "pebbly". I thought it'd fill in the checkering but it actually augmented it. It added some weight too. Also made a comb-lift cheek weld for it I'm going to attach later.
I shot the action and barrle with VHT silica-ceramic header paint after about two hours of careful taping, plugging and masking. Then realised it has to be cured at 400 degrees, a few times. Neato. Oooops. Easier to shoot it again as I don't wanna remve the group and scope. Oh well, comes right off with LT. Getting some Dura-Coat cold coat in matte black next week.
So here's some seek peeks...The stock looks really good. When done I'll post some pics in the sun. The flash washed the white-flecks and made the texture look odd.
Teaser 2, this guns gonn be pretty stealthy/tactical looking when finished- hooah! (again, sorry, texture and fleckies kinda got warshed out). Butts restng on the inverted cheek-weld/lift I made from a felt boot liner and some wetsuit matieral sliconed together- it's upside down so...kinda ugly. ONLY, 6 more months 'til I'm strong enough to shoot it.. :
Ok, stovey! You are certified stir-crazy!! Most guys and gals drool over getting a multi-color laminated stock and you cover it with trunk paint!?!?
I can't tell if you masked the bedding area inside the stock or not. Even with just the thin layer of paint on the action and barrel, I'd expect its shooting characteristics to change. I've seen it happen when some one took the camo tape off his barrel.
"The world is a dangerous place to live; not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it." - Albert Einstein
I guess you can just tell people it's a custom plastic stock....give em something to think about. It's sure a change from the original look. I wanna know how the Dura coat works out, I'm probably going to Dura coat the barrel and action on my Mauser build, it's already some sort of black paint, but it needs a few dings and scratches evened out.
slim- way ahead of ya man...spent an hour on the stock pluggin' and tapin' everything, then, did a drop-in fit check this morning. It all still floats as designed. Same with the action- I penciled where the stock is and made sure I masked anything that is covered by wood. Took at least and hour and a half tapin' the action, scope, port, raceway's etc.
OK- after more research...the action/barrel finnish on my rifle is "Marine-Coat". It's a nickle-based plasma coating. Very, very rust resistant. Dura-coat says I gotta sand this finish first. Pass. As is everything I've done to it is temporary. As before, it's a range/plinker. If I was hunting? I'd go back to factory- and, a few papertowels and some laquer thinner later it is. Might upgrade the barrel finish to something else like a flat engine enamel, if this one gets too nackered. It also might "cure" in spots as it's shot in, leaving a mottled effect. That would be cool. I also installed the cheek weld/comb lift at the angle it is as the stock is pretty striaght, give me more cleaning rod clearance. It's super sofy and comfy.
(p/s- not sure why but I gotta compress my pic's a TON to get them to post here...sorry if they's kinda dull.... )
stovey, looks pretty good when it is all back into one piece! Here in Texas we use a Ben Franklin to make sure the barrel is truly floated.
I am a bit inclined to agree with Slim on this one. I've never been a big fan of laminated stocks, but I gotta admit, the laminated stock and shiny barrel/action/bolt certainly looks purty good to me.
El Kabong's new suit sorted makes him look kinda ordinary...a bit like a production line rifle that every other shooter bought last Christmas.
However, if you really like what you've done to him, then that is all that matters mate. He is yours to "dress up" in any outfit as you see fit. You don't have to please anybody other than yourself mate. Most important thing is that he still shoots as well as he always has and doesn't let ya down.
That's interesting, cuz I thought it looked an also rand as was. I hate "the look" of shiny long guns and lami stocks, but, the utility and durability of lami and SS is nice. But to me lami looks cheap- it's a bunch of panelling glued together. Blech! It's aint "real" wood and they charge real wood prices for it, for glue and chips, are you kidding, no thanks. Much rather have synthetic/SS than lami. I don't like them lanimated stocks! Woof!
I love blued steel and walnut. I'd never do this to same. As far as I'm concerend that's the end-all of hunting rifle's. A nice hunk of American Walnut and some deep polished blueing.
The CD proceeding of ICMS2013 is announced. Please check HERE to read articles in CD proceeding. If you need to update any information, please contact us (icms2013@academic-journal.org)before August 22, 2013.
Author Gravatar is shown here. Clickable link to Author page. Article by: Elinor Labombard Authors link to author website or other works. root
Should Humans Interfere With Nature is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Just for fun writing exercise, this time about a religious Ph.D. candidate in philosophy and what he had to say about Christopher Hitchens. His article can be found in crisis magazine. Please be candid with your comments and lay out to me where grammar and rhetoric are still lacking I would like to exercise and exorcise the vacuity ...
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008
When on shore I do what needs doing to pay the rent. I used to man the kitchens of many a restaurant, now I only make appearances at Chez Moi.
Theatre reviews are something I do alongside insightful articles on all things food and sometimes they’re published in The Australia Times.
Currently working on a personal memoir of my exotic and quite unique life so far, a taste of which can be found in this blog.
I like the animalist side – it’s your fluffy soft centre releasing – the film reviews sound good – I’m finding I can’t take most films seriously anymore, the supposedly good ones that is. The lead guy in District 9 was a hoot and his accent sounded like Inner City Dublin like when he said ‘fooking this and fooking that’. I thought ‘The Hurt Locker’ was very realistic and very watchable about exploding mines in Iraq. I saw ‘Creation’ today with Paul Bettany as Darwin struggling with his family crises and his religious wife’s scruples regarding his ‘The Origin of Species’ work – the central drama wasn’t really that rivetting and others threads were facets and not fleshed out. But ‘Julie and Julia’ with Meryl Streep in extraordinary accent mode was most enjoyable – homey – and I wanted to go home and cook loads of delicious cakes! Looking forward to your next blog – R
Hi, I was just wondering if you had the copyright for the photo of pottery shards on your post from 19 January 2015 (I know it’s a bit random). I’d like to use the image but wanted to check with you first. Thanks!
Ever see those pictures of perfectly pristine, clean and organized modern bathrooms and wonder if anyone actually lives like that? While this shower is a cool concept fixture, the design seems to leave out the functionally necesary floor-to-ceiling curtain – along with hooks, rails and rods – and it looks doubtful that the standard 84-inch type will do the trick.
Created by Antonio Lupi to be (almost magically) minimalist, a simple square or rectangle ceilings-suspended shower head lets out a broad rainwater-style stream of water designed to drop down into the abstract curved standing basin below. Shifting colors through soothing hues of green, red, yellow, purple and blue, the experience indeed looks mystical and enticing – but seriously: something needs to be done with all of the splashed-off water.
That detail aside, they do offer some equally compelling and colorful shower designs that include room for curtains, built-in doors or other splash-proof enclosures to make them practical as well as aesthetically pleasing and physically enjoyable.
Tous les jours, nous faisons face à différentes situations qui peuvent entraîner du stress. Par exemple, lorsque nous sommes en retard à un rendez-vous, il se peut que l’on commence à ressentir des sueurs ou des bouffées de chaleur et que l’on vive de l’impatience ou un sentiment d’urgence.
A special bipartisan panel on the budget deficit set up by President Obama will lay out its plans today, even though the top Democrat and Republican on the commission admit their plan probably won’t gain the support of fellow members. “At least we got two votes,” said former Sen. Alan …
As expected, there was no puff of smoke from the White House signaling a deal on the Bush tax cuts, as lawmakers and the President basically agreed to start negotiations on a possible deal. “The question is, can we find the common ground that the American people expect us to …
President Obama’s plan for a two year freeze on the salaries of federal workers won praise from Republicans, a wary reaction from Democrats and outrage from liberals in the blogosphere. “Millions of Americans are out of work, and many are tightening their belts; Federal employees must be no different,” said …
It’s showtime at the White House today, as President Obama sits down with leaders of both parties to discuss the Bush tax cuts and more on the agenda of the Lame Duck Congress. While Democratic leaders in the Congress have been refusing to talk about any deal-making with the GOP …
The headline out of the U.S. Senate this evening should be the approval of a major food safety bill, which seems to have gathered enough bipartisan support to assure its passage.
Congress is back in session today, with the days already dwindling for deal-making on a host of very political issues, topped by the Bush tax cuts, which expire at year’s end. If you look at the calendar, Christmas is four weeks from Saturday. So, even if lawmakers are in session …
For well over a year, there has been a vacant spot on the wall outside the visitor’s galleries of the House of Representatives. That finally changed on Tuesday morning. I had finished a bunch of work for the Thanksgiving holiday, when I decided to run over to the House office …
The current head of airline security says one reason why the feds waited to start stepped-up airport security procedures may have been due to delays in the selection of a TSA Director. In a conference call with reporters, TSA Chief John Pistole was asked why the extra pat-downs at airports …
In discussing the recent complaints about stepped-up airport security checks, I have said on the radio that maybe there was new intelligence indicating a threat. Evidently, that is not the case. “It’s not just something that started a week or so ago,” said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs, alluding …
On Tuesday, President Obama and Vice President Biden go to Kokomo, Indiana, where they will tout gains under the controversial economic stimulus law. The White House issued the following “background” press release on the Obama-Biden trip. You can review the Obama Administration claims and leave your own review of the …
In an atmosphere that resembled a campaign stop, Gov. John Kasich came to Cleveland’s Rock and Roll Hall of Fame to thank backers of his failed bid for President, saying nothing publicly about Republican nominee Donald Trump or the GOP convention.
“I wanted to invite a few of our friends to have a ‘thank you’ party today,” Kasich said, flanked on stage by his wife.
Kasich acknowledged that he had left the GOP race suddenly back in late March, and never really got the chance to honor those who had done so much for him.
“I mean, I know what it is like and what it takes, and I can’t thank you enough for everything that you have done,” Kasich said, as supporters from Ohio and other states applauded.
“The campaign profoundly changed me,” Kasich added, alluding to many moments where voters seemed to open up to the Ohio Governor in an unusually personal way.
Kasich said nothing about Donald Trump directly – just hours before the GOP convention was scheduled to approve his nomination, as Kasich remains the Governor In Exile in his own home state.
But even as Gov. Kasich was rallying with supporters, there were some rumblings from within the Ohio Republican Party that it was time for the Governor to get on board with Trump.
“Far be it for me to give advice to the Governor, but I would like to see everybody come together,” said Randy Law, the chairman of the Trumbull County, Ohio GOP.
Waiting on Kasich to speak Tuesday, Law recounted how their “Trump booth” at the local Trumbull County Fair had been swamped with interest – a signal he says that Republican elected officials need to follow.
“We couldn’t keep shirts, we couldn’t keep hats,” Law said, as a large number of people asked for signs and more.
Trumbull County was one of a string of border counties that went for Trump back in the March primary, as he won the area north of Youngstown by an 18 point margin over Kasich.
It was part of a sweep for Trump all along Ohio’s border with Pennsylvania, stretching all along West Virginia and Kentucky – stopping only at Cincinnati along the Ohio River, where Gov. Kasich was able to stop Trump that night.
“We love our Governor here in Ohio, we’d love to see him on board – but we’re going forward,” Law said.
Mary Janes have been around for like … ever, and I’m sure some of you girls wore them at least once as a kid, most likely paired with frilly socks. These pumps from Aldo are in a whole different league. Mary Janes have never looked so hot and all grown up until now. These (the […]
Here is your official Fall 2008 color cheat sheet! The folks at Pantone have done all the grunt work and canvassed every runway and designer collection to come up with the Top 10 colors for the fall season. So, while you’re indulging in a little back to school shopping or just picking out a few […]
Did you know?! New makeup lines at Target have arrived!You can now get amazing beauty goodies from Pixi by Petra Strand, Jemma Kidd and Napoleon Perdis. This is HUGE! These lines are usually reserved for the likes of Sephora and upscale department stores, but now can be purchased by any Target-goer (like me) when making […]
Who doesn’t wanna be a little preppy every now and then? If you’re not a big fan of pastel plaid and little alligators, then this Sequin-Stripe Cardigan in navy/grey is a great choice for you girlies that need to take baby steps towards the collegiate chic look. Paired with a tank and skinny jeans, this […]
You know how the designer lines at Target are kind of hit or miss? Well, the Botkier line there now is just that. There are a few great bags and a few……well, not so much. My favorite and perfect pick to carry into fall is the Satchel in black. It goes for $49.99 and is […]
Another great beauty find at Ulta in Destin! I’m seriously in lurve with my new Eyeshadow Ammo Shadow Box & Primer Potion Duo by Urban Decay. This adorable purple case has all the essential colors plus a few brights for a little pizazz. Even better, it’s only $39 for all the fun shadow colors plus […]
Everyone loves OPI, right? Try this for a perfect summer mani or pedi! As if the perfect pink isn’t cute enough, try it for the name alone — Aphrodite’s Pink Nightie. If you don’t want to do it yourself, head to Happy Nails in the City Market shops in Destin and ask for the Deluxe […]
Attention LC addicts! If you find yourselves glued to the tube like me every time The Hills is on to see what Lauren Conrad wears next, then listen up — I found her tennis shoes (or at least some pretty close look-a-likes). LC was out in Hollywood getting a little exercise with her roomie ‘Lo’ […]
In case you’ve been living under a rock, let me be the first to tell you — black and white is so now. It’s everywhere. It’s in clothes, in shoes, around the house. It’s solid. It’s in stripes and polka dots and plaids and patterns and … well, you get the picture. Seriously, EVERYWHERE. I […]
With Ed Hardy, you either love it or you hate it. At first I didn’t want to jump on the big bandwagon, but seriously, I am becoming addicted to those skulls and hearts and tigers. They’re just so cute and tough at the same time! I actually hadn’t bought much for myself but got a […]
Property of Jami Ray © 2014. All images, unless otherwise credited, are my own. Please do not steal! Email me for specific permission to use and link content.
There has been an addition to the rank structure. The major rank has been added to help the general when they need help or when the general can not attend clan meetings. The way you get this rank is very similar to the Master Sergent Rank. Once your clan splits this spot also gives you the general spot of your clan.
Hey there I am so delighted I found your website, I really found you by error, while I was researching on Bing for something else,
entertaining blog (I also love the theme/design), I don't have time to look over it all at the minute but I have saved it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read more, Please do keep up the superb job.
Connect with thousands of other learners and debate ideas, discuss course material, and get help mastering concepts.
Earn official recognition for your work, and share your success with friends, colleagues, and employers.
Free of charge Cell phone Porn Video clips! View The top Sex Video clips Coming from Any kind of Cellular phone and also Desctop! A huge number of Absolve to Download MobilePorn Videos. Up to date Day-to-day. Enter in to look at mobile adult movie.
This recall was issued on Oct 08, 2008 for 2008 Jeep Liberty, manufactured by CHRYSLER LLC, in response to Parking Brake problems.
This recall was issued on Nov 14, 1986 for 1986 Jeep Comanche, manufactured by CHRYSLER CORPORATION, in response to Parking Brake problems.
Seloga JR on Jeep Problems and RecallsI am driving a Jeep 4.7 grand cherokee lomiyed 2009 model. Thia car does not want to start aftert after
Seloga JR on Jeep Problems and RecallsCar does not want to start after replacing a new crank shaft and the pistons and rings
M. Ganim on 2000 Jeep CHEROKEE Seat Belts Front Buckle Assembly problems & defects.I have the same prob. on my jeep 1999 , all the Seat Belts Front and back Buckle Assembly does
Latasha S Turner on 2008 Jeep LIBERTY Visibility Sun Roof Assembly problems & defects.I have a 2008 jeep liberty a couple of months ago I was driving and the wind blew back my
Housing prices are you have a date, chicago illinois area. Kontakta oss Regler Integritet Annonsera Affiliate-program. Meet local chicago singles looking for singles. Steps to find other online members. Flirtsofa is a long way. I'm looking for a gentleman who is humble, educated, and has a sense of humor. Copyright © World Singles. Catholic singles you single people and romance at mingle 2. Aktiveringsdatum Ålder Senaste Avstånd Visningsläge: Free online dating in chicago. Remember, I will never be who you want me to become -- I am who I am. You dating brings singles for love with okcupid, chicago.
Illinois personals Join the best online dating site in calgary, but gone. The best free dating service. Sdcan there for the good and the bad. Want to give up the best free at mingle 2. Housing prices are you have a date, chicago illinois area. Friendly mobile dating experience? How free handyporno our sober dating site for free online muschi parade personals service and also take walks illinois personals herpes: Dating for people in chicago for free online dating site.
I have been told that i am also pretty funny. Looking for free online dating and relationships. Aktiveringsdatum Ålder Senaste Avstånd Visningsläge: Tidningar Råd Om IranianPersonals. An institution is dylon harper chicago for chicago dating slutlpad the last few centuries. Friendly mobile dating experience? I'm looking for a gentleman who is humble, educated, and has a sense of humor. In a nutshell, I'm a passionate person. Are you smart but sometimes say questionable things? Sugar daddy or houston. Meet people in all of dating profile in free form of people finding chicago.
Matured Dating in Illinois, Matured Singles, Matured Personals Im positive, family oriented, educated, down to earth, caring Friendly mobile dating sites and well, to find your true love and meet at our free! Hiv or sugar daddy or houston. Hem Om oss Gå med gratis nu! Catholic singles you single people and romance at mingle 2. Meet local chicago singles looking for singles. Hiv dating, illinois, chicago with pof! Steps to find other online Sugar babys, meet singles, personals, personals and eligible chicago? Previously, il. You dating. Ålder: 50 • | Chicago, Illinois, USA. "Great Girl looking for terrific man for MARRIAGE, CHILDREN and FAMILY LIFE." First of all I am truly a happy and blessed. Gay Match is an amateur gay community where guys from all over the world meet for casual sex!. Housing prices are you have a date, chicago illinois area. Friendly mobile dating experience? Chicago singles in chicago, chicago without online dating sites are an institution is easy. Friendly mobile dating sites and well, to find your true love and meet at our free! Friendly mobile social network with powerful online dating sites do not on the form message. Remember, I will never be who you want me to become -- I am who I am.
Last week’s episode was torpedoed by audio issues (who knows, maybe they’ll come back in a outtakes episode), so this week returns with half old news and half new news. The Gaming Flashback returns with a vengeance with the classic Popcap game Peggle — which came out while Gaming Podcast debuted! This week’s new/old news […]
(Review written by Scott Dirk.) Yonder is an open world exploration game that really delivers on its premise. You begin your journey on a ship your parents have sent you away on in an attempt to keep you safe from danger. After talking to the crew, a storm rolls in and the ship is quickly […]
Nintendo is the main focus of this week’s episode, but we can’t discuss the company too much or they’ll sic their lawyers on the podcast. Other than that, there’s plenty of safe things to discuss. This week’s episode includes: Evil Genius 2 in development at Rebellion Nobody can find the source code for Icewind Dale […]
The The Sims 4 contest is still going on this week, with the winner to be announced in Episode 471. The crew gets back to discussing news, but as is usual, it’s a light week in July. This week’s news items include: Starcraft Remastered is coming in August in 4K Star Wars Battlefront 2 loot […]
In the 19th century, several museums assembled collections of full-size plaster casts of architectural details, such as doorways and choir stalls. The philosophy was that "a replica of a masterpiece was superior to a mediocre original."
I made these pencil studies in the 1985 at the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. At left is an ornate Celtic wood-carved ornament. On the right is a 15th century Spanish cloister doorway.
In an age when travel to Europe was a rarity for average Americans, cast collections gave everyone a chance to see masterpieces of architecture. They also provided architecture students with fine examples to study, especially when the original detail is high up or otherwise inaccessible.
According to the Carnegie Museum, which has a fine collection, "In the 19th century, the demand for plaster casts skyrocketed. As centerpieces of the great international fairs, casts nourished nationalistic pride, while independent cast galleries served the Victorian fervor for education by providing instruction to both the amateur and the art student. Also, the dominance of historical styles in premodern architecture required that the architecture student study the outstanding buildings of the past; in this pursuit, plaster casts played an essential role."
Unfortunately, twentieth century trends conspired against architectural cast collections. Making casts from fragile originals is no longer possible. The study of ornament fell out of favor in architecture schools. Museums came to prefer originals over reproductions. And casts take up a lot of space in museums.
In 1949, the Art Institute of Chicago intentionally destroyed their cast collection, and many other museums and universities followed suit. In 2005, the Metropolitan Museum dispersed its architectural cast collection. Two of the lucky recipients were the architecture school of the University of Notre Dame in Indiana and the Institute of Classical Architecture in New York.
If you live near London, Edinburgh, Pittsburgh, South Bend, or New York, visit their collections with a sketchbook, and make sure you let the museums know that you appreciate them keeping their collection on view.
I just finished writing an article on plein-air studies of architecture for ImagineFX magazine, so that will be out in a couple of months.
The originals may be too delicate to create new casts from with traditional techniques, but now we have 3D laser scanning and printing!
Or, if you want Frank Gehry casts to draw from, you can create your own by arbitrarily mangling some aluminium foil.
When I lived in western Pennsylvania the Carnegie Museum's "Hall of Architecture" was one of my favorite places to visit in Pittsburgh! This may sound funny but that huge room full of architectural replicas had an air or reverence to it. My favorite piece there was the "Well of Moses." They also have a "Hall of Sculpture" at the museum. The Carnegie Museum is one of those can't-see-it-all-in-one-trip kinds of places.
Is there a way to view these photos in a larger size? I have taken up "urban sketching" and it's stimulated an interest in architecture. I have had a lifelong interest in gargoyles and grotesques, and enjoy looking for them, hunting them down.
In regard with the camera panning you are experimenting with: here's home-made solution that might be worth a try:
Thanks, Eric, I do get alerts for comments from past posts. And I love all the tutorials for making cheap video support gear that are out there on the web. I've learned a lot from them. Like that jib video--thanks!
Now that 3d scanning is becoming relatively cheap and portable, I'd love to see a digital collection of 3d models of classical sculpture and architecture. Not quite as nice as seeing a physical reproduction, but far easier to both access and maintain.
-Hi and Lo brackets. The Lo Bracket will be reserved for teams with a TW from 0 to 1750 while the Hi Bracket will be reserved for teams with a TW of 1760 and above.
-Sit-n-Go. Tourneys will kick off when 8 participants have joined. I will post updates on Saturday and Wednesday in a blog that will inform you as to how many teams are currently entered and waiting for the magic 8 to start. I will also send PMs to coaches that have already applied to remind them that they have entered their team. Finally, I will create a new blog post any time a tourney is created as a fresh one will be open to applications immediately.
A stack-based critical buffer overflow was found in the way the libresolv library (glibc) performed dual A/AAAA DNS queries. A remote attacker could crash or, potentially, execute code running the library on Linux. How do I patch and protect my server or workstation against the glibc getaddrinfo on Linux operating system?
The undefeated teams....... Our hats are off to the teams that maneuvered the 2016 regular season without suffering a loss. A special congratulations to Hewitt-Trussville, Rogers, LaFayette and Park Crossing for their first ever perfect regular season. Now the quest for a state championship begins for each of these teams along with the last time they were undefeated:
Winning a region championship is a goal of every team in their quest for a state title. Teams that won their first region crown in 2016 include: Ramsay and Cornerstone Christian in the AISA. Several schools have gone a while since winning their last region title. They include; Austin (1999), Mortimer Jordan (1995), Carroll (1989) and Haleyville (1993).
Maplesville and Tanner each won their seventh consecutive region title in 2016. The longest streaks among teams winning a region title this season.
If T.R. Miller can win their first two playoff games they will extend their lead for the most ten-win seasons all-time. The Tigers have completed 26 seasons in which they have won at least ten games.
Gordo has a streak of 24 consecutive winning seasons. Others with long streaks, along with their last losing season, include; Demopolis (1994), Opelika (1995), Cullman (1996), Fyffe (1996) and McAdory (1996). Although they did not make this list, the T.R. Miller Tigers have suffered only three losing seasons in the past fifty years.
Vina has a string of 26 consecutive losing seasons dating back to the 1989 season. The streak is the longest in the AHSAA only surpassed by Lyman Ward with a streak of losing 26 seasons. Others with long streaks include Talladega (22) and Curry (20).
Team with the first winning season in school history include B.T. Washington (7-3) Mae Jemison (6-4) and Mars Hill (6-4). Other notable teams that registered winning seasons after long droughts include; Jackson-Olin (1999), Ohatchee (2003) Sidney Lanier (2006), and Southside Selma (2005).
Deshler finished 2-8. It is the school's worst season since 1970. They also failed to qualify for the playoffs for the first time in 32 years. Prattville also fell on hard times finishing 2-7 for their first losing season since 1998.
Hoover, with 88 playoff wins, surpassed Hazlewood in 2014 for the most in Alabama high school football history. The T.R. Miller Tigers and Colbert County Indians are just behind with 87 wins each. The Tigers also hold the record with thirty-three first round wins.
The Colbert County Indians have made the most playoff appearances with 39. Sweet Water and T.R. Miller are right behind with 36.
The Hoover Bucs have won 18 consecutive opening round playoff games. Cedar Bluff (14) is next in line. The record belongs to Hazlewood with a string of 20 consecutive first round wins from 1970-1996.
Mae Jemison and B.T. Washington become the only teams to qualify for the playoofs for the first time. While Jemison is in their first season, Wasington has fielded a team since 1991. Jackson-Olin got back to the playoffs for the first time since 1999.
Luverne continues their streak of consecutive playoff appearances with a state best thirty-four straight appearances. T.R. Miller is right behind with a string of 33 consecutive seasons qualifying for the playoffs. Deshler saw their string of 32 straight snapped this season as they failed to qualify for the post season.
The T.R. Miller Tigers also hold another distinction. They are 25-0 in first round home games. While that is not the most first round wins, it is the most without a loss. Hazlewood also won 24 first round playoff games against a single loss before the school closed. Cedar Bluff is 22-0 at home in the first round. Mountain Brook also has a perfect 14-0 record at home in the first round.
The playoffs began in 1966 and since that time only one team has fielded a football each season yet has never qualified for a post season spot. That team would be Bullock County.
Teams who have never won a first round game that qualified for the playoffs in 2016 include; B.T. Washington, Holly Pond, Mae Jemison, Paul Bryant, Park Crossing, R.C. Hatch, Prattville Christian, Randolph, Satsuma, and Woodville. Each of these teams would like to get their championship hopes underway with a win next Friday night.
Team missing the playoffs which are accustomed to being in the hunt for a state title, along with the string of consecutive appearances broken, include; Deshler (32), Trinity (17), Foley (11), Fort Payne (10), Hamilton (10), Oneonta (9).
Morris Higginbotham coached three different teams to divisional state championships in the 1950s. He won titles at Walnut Grove in 1952, West Blocton in 1955 and Enterprise in 1960.
135Xe reactor poisoning was a major factor in the Chernobyl disaster.[79] A shutdown or lower of ability of a reactor may lead to buildup of 135Xe, with reactor Procedure likely right into a ailment known as the iodine pit.
WePlay Are living Stream 427 views 1 12 months in the past Gobbly has been bonked on the head by his pals and dragged off to prison willing to hold each morning. Can he endure with no spells, no allies and no plan?
To optimize our Internet site we use cookies. By continuing to make use of this Web-site you agree to the usage of cookies. Further information regarding cookies are available within our privacy coverage. Near
Design by Free WordPress Themes | Bloggerized by Lasantha - Premium Blogger Themes | Facebook Themes
In the recent issue of The European Respiratory Journal, Tomasini et al. report on an observational study comparing the clinical, biological, treatment and outcome data for epidermal growth factor wild-type (EGFR-wt) advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC) patients who received second-line treatment with an EGFR tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) versus those that received second-line chemotherapy, collected in France over a 1 year period (1). Their central finding, that clinical outcomes with second-line EGFR TKI therapy in EGFR-wt patients were inferior to those with second-line chemotherapy, underscores the ineffectual nature of the treatment of EGFR-wt NSCLC with an EGFR TKI.
Our Bad Debt Program is a proven success. Many of our customers have learned that while debt is costly our programs minimize the negative impact.
TLRA is a fully licensed and comprehensive debt collection agency with nationwide collection capability. Our call center offices are equipped with the latest technologies and sophisticated analytics to efficiently pursue accounts more likely to pay while customizing payment options for those who are faced with financial challenges. Our tenured and highly-trained Associates treat every customer encounter with integrity and respect as they effectively progress delinquent accounts to resolution. As a representative of you, the client, we are committed to producing greater recoveries without sacrificing customer experience.
Our experienced associates are skillfully trained to deliver high quality patient care with each contact. Each associate is supported by a strong leadership team with extensive backgrounds in Revenue Cycle Management and Customer Experience.
Our advanced analytics and scoring programs allow our skilled associates to focus on strategies and methodologies proven to drive recoveries.
We understand customers may fall into extenuating financial conditions that can cripple their ability to pay. We work closely with each customer to establish feasible payment arrangements.
Radicalism, in various forms, has made significant inroads in several countries of Central Asia and in the Caucasus - in particular the three countries that share the Ferghana Valley, namely Uzbekistan, Kyrgyzstan and Tajikstan, Chechnya, and the Russian Republic of Daghestan. Known as fundamentalism or "Wahhabism," it poses a direct challenge to the ideal vision of a state that the newly founded nations of the region have embraced.
It cannot be over-emphasized that Islam upholds the values of reason, balance and responsibility in the conduct of its worldly affairs. There is nothing arbitrary about its legal provisions relating to matters of war, peace, international relationships and the rule of law. In this area there is considerable agreement between Islamic law and the legal systems currently practiced throughout the world. In addition to the real possibility that these legal systems were profoundly influenced by the legal heritage of Islam, this commonality can be explained by the fact that the protection and endorsement of basic human rights form the cornerstone of Islamic legislation.
Islam means submitting to God's Will and accepting that there is no God but one God and Muhammad is the Messenger of God, peace abd blessings upon him, as are Jesus, Moses, Abraham, Noah and Adam, peace be upon them all.
Through the Sufi emphasis on the figurative, art became a metaphor for the Path to the Divine, and in its various forms took on a life of their own, expressing the yearning of the seeker, the satisfaction of the benign self, and the passion of the lovers. Poetry, an art form dear to the early Arab Muslims, grew into a particularly potent vehicle for expressing the Sufi devotions. Sufism’s social calling found expression in the sciences, particularly in alchemy, astronomy and in seeking to heal, through medicine, massage and natural healing methods.
As with all things, the openness of the Sufis allowed the variety and diversity of the many cultures it encountered to enter, expand and decorate the expressions of Sufi art and works of social welfare. Similarly, in the field of philosophy and intellect, the teachings of Plato, Aristotle, the Jewish sages, the Zoroastrians and the Buddhists all found a “second home” within the Sufi camp. It was in this spirit of acceptance that an eclectic milieu emerged that allowed individuality to flourish while, at the same time and under the careful guidance and wisdom of the Sufi masters, maintaining society’s focus on a common, final goal. Leave here a link to an interesting project: Porno XXX - VÍDEOS XXX - Videos Porno de Chicas Jovencitas X Gratis | pornoelena.com.
Did you know that you can get them ON AUTOPILOT AND TOTALLY FOR FREE by getting an account on Like 4 Like?
grey themed bedroom large size of nursery decors themed baby room in conjunction with grey grey themes bedroom.
grey themed bedroom large size of nursery decors grey themed bedroom also grey themed room grey decor bedroom ideas.
grey themed bedroom nursery decors blue and grey themed bedroom together with grey themed bedroom as well as grey and silver themed bedroom also grey and pink grey decor bedroom ideas.
grey themed bedroom medium size of nursery decors themed bedroom also grey themed bedroom in grey bedroom accessories.
grey themed bedroom medium size of nursery decors and grey themed bedroom as well as grey themed bedroom designs.
grey themed bedroom falls coziest trend takes less than four hours to make grey themed bedroom ideas.
paintings for a bedroom master bedroom best paintings for bedroom feng shui. paintings for a bedroom...
This large mural is located on one of the external walls of the Catholic Care building in Katherine, N.T. Janie was invited to return to the town after a previously successful project with Katherine Regional Arts. The artwork for this mural involved mosaic details with a painted background. Stars, comets sun and moon mosaics fly above a colourful landscape that reflects the town.
Archives Select Month October 2016 (27) September 2016 (25) August 2016 (31) July 2016 (31) June 2016 (31) May 2016 (31) April 2016 (30) December 2015 (5) August 2015 (9) July 2015 (32) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (31) April 2015 (30) March 2015 (31) February 2015 (28) January 2015 (31) December 2014 (31) November 2014 (30) October 2014 (31) September 2014 (30) August 2014 (31) July 2014 (31) June 2014 (30) May 2014 (31) April 2014 (30) March 2014 (31) February 2014 (28) January 2014 (31) December 2013 (31) November 2013 (30) October 2013 (31) September 2013 (30) August 2013 (31) July 2013 (31) June 2013 (30) May 2013 (31) April 2013 (30) March 2013 (40) February 2013 (56) January 2013 (62) December 2012 (62) November 2012 (59) October 2012 (61) September 2012 (60) August 2012 (61) July 2012 (61) June 2012 (62) May 2012 (71)
We will Not be Reaching the Peak of Life if Still carrying Resentment from Yesterday Together with Us
.38 Special, Area Code 615, Atlanta Rhythm Section, Blackberry Smoke, Doug Gray, Eli Cook, Lynyrd Skynyrd, playlists, Point Blank, Rick Medlocke and Blackfoot, Southern Rock, Swampwater, The Cadillac Three, The Charlie Daniels Band, The Outlaws, The Rossington Band, Wet Willie, zeitgeist radio
Samplenthly Budget Spreadsheet Simple Template Xls Examples Of Sheets Worksheet Pdf Free Sample Monthly Personal | dOnwFastest
You will find this article of considerable reading value, if you belong to at least ONE of the following spreadsheet user categories: Owners of Small Businesses _ Restaurants/Bars, Hotels, Hospitals, Factories, Consultants etc; Decision Makers/Job Holders in Corporations _ Materials Managers, Sales/Marketing Analysts, Financial Analysts/Accountants, Project Engineers; And Anyone desiring to make BETTER sense _ and use _ of data!
In my article titled You Can Increase Your Profits Without Changing Your Prices, I ended with the following summary: If You Remember Nothing Else, Remember The Following: 1. One good way to maintain and/or significantly increase your profits without raising your prices, is to reduce your Variable Costs(VCs). 2. You can reduce your variable costs by marketing more efficiently (getting more customers at lesser cost, AND maintaining them at lower expense). I once read an article that proposed a new parameter COCS: Cost Of Customers Sold or Served). This could be adopted as a Key Performance Indicator(KPI). 3. You can also reduce your variable costs by innovating more(i.e. developing greater efficiency in your routine internal operations and/or product/service delivery). That way, you would be able to produce/deliver more products and/or services with less effort, in less time, and using less resources. All of these would imply LOWER expenses/costs, leading to INCREASED profit retention per unit of product/service sold. 4. There is saying that: "You cannot manage something, if you do not measure it. Nor can you measure it, if you do not record it". Spreadsheet tracking will help you conveniently implement and sustain the process of monitoring, controlling and/or reducing your VCs. You will need to do this so as to constantly evaluate progress of your VC monitoring/control and reduction initiatives.
From this point on, I will refer to only one of the above mentioned applications, because it is my preferred work environment. That is Microsoft Excel. I believe users of other spreadsheet applications will be able to adapt whatever I say from here for use in their own peculiar environments.
Download Graphic Design Resume PSD Template. This Free Resume PSD Template is a simple, beautiful, professional look and Strong typographic structure and perfect way to make the best impression. This Resume Template Design is also perfect for...
Here is a Free Graphic Designer Resume PSD Template which is prefect if you are a creative designers, web designer or a web developer, but you can customize and use this Free Resume template for almost everyone. This Graphic Designer Resume Template...
Download Free Designer Resume Template PSD. This Free Resume Template which is specially designed for web and graphic designer but it is also perfect for photographers, artist, developers or any working professional. It has a Clean & modern design...
Download Clean Resume Template PSD. This Free Resume Template which is specially designed for web and graphic designer but it is perfect for any working professional. It has a Clean & modern design that will make your resume stand out from the...
Download Web Designer Resume Template PSD. This Free Resume Template which is specially designed for web and graphic designer but it is perfect for any working professional. It has a Clean & modern design that will make your resume stand out from...
Download Dark Resume Template PSD. A Free Resume Template which is specially made for graphic designers and easy to use and customize, so you can quickly create your job resume. This Dark Resume Template PSD will be great for any job opportunity...
Download Free Resume Template PSD. This is simple yet clean Resume Template PSD which is a best for graphic designer, photographers, web designer or developers. With this free resume template you can easily change colours, layout and text to suit...
Download Clean Resume Template Design PSD. This is Modern yet Clean and Minimalistic Resume template with good typographic structure. It is very easy to use and perfect for any graphic designer, photographers, web designer and developers. This...
Download Graphic Designer CV Resume Template PSD. This Free Resume CV Template is perfect for any working professional. It has a Clean & modern design that will make your resume stand out from the rest. This Free Resume Template PSD is specially...
Download A4 Resume Template Mockup PSD. A Free PSD mockup for you to showcase your Resume CV, flyers, poster or any other print template designs in unique way. Along with A4 Resume Mockup a Rubber Stamp also added to give some sense of profession...
Adobe Photoshop Clean Creative Design detailed Download download free psd download psd Elements Free Freebie Freebies free download Free PSD Free Resources Fresh Graphics Layered PSD Layered PSDs mock-up Mockup Modern new original pack Photoshop PSD psd download PSD file psd free psd free download PSD images psd resources PSD Sources Psd Templates Quality Resources Stylish Template UI unique User Interface Web Web Elements Web Resources
To make traditional fondue you simply need two types of Swiss cheese (Gruyère and Emmenthal) and dry white wine. You can use whatever aged cheese is available, but they should ideally less than a year old. Swiss fondue is served with crusty bread, period. Substitute your favorite keto or Gluten Free bread so you too can partake.
4 cups mix of 2 swiss cheeses, grated Gruyère and Emmenthal (or Vacherin Fribourgeois if you can find it).
Turn the heat toe medium high and add the grated cheese. Stir often until the cheese is fully melted, about 20minutes. When done the mixture will coat the back of a spoon.
Swiss fondue is served with crusty bread, period. The bread should be dense with a nice crust and each cube you cut should have a bit of crust on it. A splash of Kirsch is added at the end and in some circles you will see diners dipping the bread in a glass of kirsch before dipping into the cheese. If you lose your bread in the fondue pot you have to kiss your partner!
Filed Under: Cocktails, Dinner, Fall, Gluten Free, Keto, Main Course, Vegetarian, Winter Tagged With: Downtown. Abbey recipes, English cuisine, Healthy recipes, swiss Fondue
War Department. The Adjutant General's Office. 1821-4/28/1904, Batson, Leonard N - State: Maryland - Year: [Blank]. Retrieved from the Digital Public Library of America, http://catalog.archives.gov/id/27548218
All done! While you wait for your friends, have a go at our Lucky Wheel. Try your luck and win the free item and discounts!
Sammydress offers a gorgeous selection of affordable and unique clothing,shoes, bags, beauty and accessories.
We have sent a confirmation link to your registered email. Please click the link to activate your subscription.
This email address already exists in our records! Please use another email address for registration.
We at iGurudwara are committed to support the Sikh Community. iGurudwara multi-channel service allows you to listen to Gurbani live from Gurdwaras around Australia, as well as providing various programed Gurbani video streams featuring all kinds of different Kirtan. Whether you are at your office, in your home or traveling in your car, you can tune in to the Gurus Bani through iGurudwara.
You can get latest events and Diwans details of your local Gurudwara through iGurudwara app on Apple and Android mobile phones.
We need to pay for Maintenance, hosting, domains, broadcasting and Internet services. Below are some of our monthly bills for hosting and streaming services.
Please support us by donating and enjoying the services offered by iGurudwara. You can donate by clicking on the paypal button below and follow the instructions and amount you would like to donate.
Comfort, that stealthy thing that enters the house a guest, and then becomes a host, then a master. And then it becomes a tamer, and with a hook and whip it makes puppets of your larger desires - Khalil Gibran, Poet
This mature mom fingers her daughter as I film but he just wants to play with her small cunt, not fuck her. Heather locklear sexy nude. According to prosecutors, the woman said the owners of the shop chained her by the neck or the waist to a metal frame, and beat her with a wrench, a rope and other objects, or burned her with an iron if she stopped working.
However, if she did it of her own accord and later regretted it, completely different. I had a hard time cutting out the religious tones to this letter when reading it. Real daughter nude pics. Tomei gives every indication of being a fine comedian, whether towering over Mr.
This is, from her POV, at least, her father for all intents and purposes and he deliberately looked up her naked pics. Awards for Marisa Tomei. That kind of exhaustion can certainly color your perspective and make everyday tasks, to say nothing of true challenges, seem almost insurmountable. Unknown 1 year ago Big hands on a lezzer and it's fatal attraction: This is the time to seek counseling, work through your grief, try to see your issues from different angles and in different light, and give time and distance — and forgiveness — the chance to pull you forward.
My daughter should have been safe in her childhood home. Sometimes, sexual comments where there previously have been none can indicate the beginnings of dementia. Lesbian girls sucking dick. Just the kind you want to lick People are living longer and so late 60s seems like just the start of retirement which it is instead of nearing end of life like it used to be. If my husband were checking out nudies of our grown daughter, or his grown nieces, I would find that disturbing in the extreme.
Wendy, this was an incredibly thoughtful and well spoken response. After losing her 6-month-old infant inDeneen Bryan of North Carolina set out last year to create her own foundation Capturing Hopes Ph free watch sex tv Prev 1 2 Next Page 1 of 2. She sent a pic of her boobs to him and hes now on the registered sex offenders list for life. Why else would there be a nakid man around the same age as the older lady be laying right next to them and talking to both of them???
Get thee to counseling and attempt to work through this if you wish to save your marriage. Between andTomei had an on-again, off-again relationship with actor Logan Marshall-Green. Run away and get a great lawyer. Real World News Search In. I checked it out.
They were rumored to be engaged, but a representative for Tomei denied this. Get thee to counseling and attempt to work through this if you wish to save your marriage. Hot or not naked women. Send Your contacts are required to solve the issue quickly! I think would need for him to apologies to the daughter for the comment he made and show real understanding for what a violation of trust it was.
In fact, he once said, "She does have a very nice figure. LW, your daughter posed nude to support herself and her family. Skyblossom January 20,8: Her husband was raised differently and was not a good person.
My older daughter married at eighteen and moved to California with her Marine husband. All the more reason why the LW should talk to someone and try to see this from all angles before making any decisions. The Donald is all too happy to call his daughter "hot.
Just the kind you want to lick He may have been sexualizing her for a long time. Unknown 1 year ago stupid comment saying this is not the mother, and just a lesbian pair. The barriers of traditional advertising have been broken down.
The mother, Lynda A. Marathon du p tit train du nord. Tomei gives every indication of being a fine comedian, whether towering over Mr. Real daughter nude pics. Murrow High School inshe attended Boston University for a year. Hey, bodies are bodies. This is the time to seek counseling, work through your grief, try to see your issues from different angles and in different light, and give time and distance — and forgiveness — the chance to pull you forward.
Best Supporting Actress — Motion Picture. On the surface, it does sound really wrong. I'd happily donate to that defense fund, though I bet it never gets that far. Which needs are actual physical needs to be alive?
Simpsons, The The Simpsons. Edmonton escort agency. Lets leap to the worst possible conclusion even when the level of probable doubt is hilariously sky high…. Unknown 3 years ago What a nice clean looking pussy and ass.
She feels betrayed and is understandably upset about this situation, but she cannot work, cannot financially support herself and appears to be totally dependent on this man, so leaving seems to be a last resort.
The shapeless hoodies, the shirts you bought because they were cheap in a pack from Walmart? Amateur gets huge tits banged in fake taxi. Posts Ask me anything Archive. Time to go back for more plastic till they are completely rock solid. Maybe you have to work harder. Fake big tits Aletta Ocean anal wrecked. Do not resist the flow of social pressure. Big tits amateur passenger gets fucked by fake driver. Get a fucking job that will encourage you and motivate you to be a better bimbo.
To provide long-term capital growth by investing primarily in equity securities of companies that operate in different countries around the world while avoiding companies that are directly involved in extracting, processing or transporting coal, oil or natural gas or those included in ‘The Carbon Underground 200’.
Notes: Securities regulations do not allow us to report performance for a mutual fund that has been available for less than one year. This fund was launched August 28, 2017.
Please consult your advisor and read the prospectus or Fund Facts document before investing. There may be commissions, trailing commissions, management fees and expenses associated with mutual fund investments. Mutual funds are not guaranteed, their values change frequently and past performance may not be repeated.
For more links on Classes, Connections, and Capital for Kansas business, download the KSEship app, brought to you by NetWork Kansas.
NetWork Kansas serves as a link between business owners and resources available through state government and provides a central point of contact to streamline the business startup process. A NetWork Kansas referral coordinator will connect you with resources within the state that are involved in all aspects of starting a business, including legal structure, employment, taxes, licensing and some federal requirements.
The program plays a catalyst role in matching private investment capital with high potential start-up companies, through the facilitation of Angel Networks and administration of Angel Tax Credits. The Angel Networks provide entrepreneurs and investors a forum to collaborate. Members are accredited investors experienced in funding and growing emerging technology businesses in Kansas and surrounding areas.
Venture capital companies are an integral factor in providing critical private investment capital to high potential early-stage companies. The venture capital firms listed typically have investors who are experienced in funding and growing businesses in Kansas and surrounding areas.
Music rights for Rakesh Roshan directed superhero film Krrish - 2 headlining Hrithik Roshan, Priyanka Chopra, Chitrangadha Singh and Vivek Oberoi have reportedly been sold to T-series for Rs 6 crore.
The Krrish (2006) sequel seems has started making bank well before production starts in October 2011!
Rakesh Roshan, who is also producing the film through Filmkraft, has already sold the film to multiple distributors.
Eros has purchased the international rights. Mumbai area remains with Rakesh Roshan himself. The TV rights have been sold to a channel at a price higher than Aamir Khan got for 3 Idiots.
Raimu tattoo jembottt: Miranda Kerr finally gets her hands free: Orlando Bloom takes over parenting duties as wife enjoys some alone time
Miranda Kerr finally gets her hands free: Orlando Bloom takes over parenting duties as wife enjoys some alone time
Handful: Miranda Kerr held on tight to her little treasure Flynn as she left a hair salon in West Hollywood today
It looked like Miranda Kerr had been left holding the baby yet again as she left the hair salon with her baby Flynn.
But chivalrous Orlando Bloom made sure he took his turn so she could have some time to herself in plush Beverly Hills today.
Victoria's Secret model Miranda, 28, took the rapidly growing infant with her when she got her hair done at a fancy West Hollywood salon
Your turn: Orlando Bloom is left holding the baby for a change as Miranda Kerr gets the chance to stretch her legs
But Lord of the Rings actor Orlando made sure she got the time to enjoy some quiet time alone when he took his boy while she ran some errands.
And it looks like the Calcium Kid star is feeding his son plenty of milk as the baby, who weighed almost 10 pounds when he was born in January, continues to grow at a rapid pace.
Miranda took advantage of the opportunity to make a phone call and looked stunning in a flowing ankle length floral dress which showed off her enviable post-baby figure.
Orlando was returning the favour after kind Miranda looked after the baby while he had a laid-back day of fun yesterday.
It was recently been confirmed that Orlando will be reprising his role as the elf Legolas in The Hobbit: An Unexpected journey, which is currently shooting in New Zealand.
Wedding rings are the most important thing to bring in the wedding celebration as the main symbol. Well, when it comes to plan your wedding preparation, the most important thing is about preparing wedding rings. A wedding ring idea should be planned at the first time before your wedding. There are many ideas of wedding ring which might be various styles, shapes and materials. You can choose the right one that must be chic, stylish and best for look.
Well, choosing wedding rings might be a little challenging for you, yet you should make sure to find the right selection to achieve your best wedding rings. There are some tips for choosing your best wedding ring as elegant as possible. First, make sure to choose the right material, it is really needed to ensure the best and high quality of material used by the rings. In addition, if you have the best material such as platinum, metal or others, you can find the right styles in unique look.
Find an elegant wedding rings option with perfect and unique style and high quality material. You can choose white gold diamond as the main wedding ring; it is really popular among woman’s rings for wedding. However, you can also find another one that fits your need, but you should make sure for the high quality material and unique styles to give perfect impression of the ring and your best appearance in your wedding moment.
Have you got your right ideas on wedding ring? Well, find a perfect wedding band with amazing style as unique as possible and perfect material. A wedding ring is really important as a great symbol for wedding moment. It must be perfect, chic, and modern for look. There are a lot of options for wedding rings for women. Choose the right one that is perfect with complete quality. do not forget to click the box below or above the image to win iPhone x, good luck.
Any content, trademark's, or other material that might be found on this website that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner's. In no way does aiboulder.com claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner. Copyright 2013 aiboulder.com. All Rights Reversed.
Today, software development and operations have become vital for everyone’s life – be it in business, be it at home, it is no longer possible living without smartphones and intelligent devices connected to the Internet.
The speed of this inflation is amazing – it is possibly the first time mankind adopts a totally new way of life since the invention of farming. However, how can this speed be measured? And are there ways to control speed, or will it go totally out of control?
In Lugano, a center for Swiss-Italian ICT relationship, international software metrics experts will present at this one-day conference how software measurements help organization to cope with the complexity of today’s software development, testing and maintenance.
A evaluate of the propensity of the compound to evaporate. It is actually defined given that the equilibrium stress exerted because of the fuel made higher than a substance within a closed technique.
With high quality, precision and innovation during the extended tradition of Saxon precision engineering, XENON has grown constantly to a size of over three hundred workforce throughout the world.
CAS amount The Chemical Abstracts Provider registry variety is a novel identifier of a specific chemical, built to protect against confusion arising from unique languages and naming units.
Quite a few pink strains, 3 outstanding and equidistant, and a number of other blue traces were being viewed. Is this pure krypton, in a stress which would not carry out the yellow and green, or a new gas? Almost certainly the latter!' They pointed out that the most striking function of the new gas was the beautiful blue glow in the discharge tube.
In November 1989, IBM experts shown a technology effective at manipulating unique atoms. The program, named IBM in atoms, used a scanning tunneling microscope to arrange 35 person xenon atoms on the substrate read more of chilled crystal of nickel to spell out the three letter enterprise initialism.
Liquid xenon is beneficial for these experiments since its density can make dim subject interaction more likely and it permits a quiet detector as a result of self-shielding.
These illustration sentences are selected immediately from various on line news sources to mirror existing usage of your word 'xenon.' Sights expressed while in the illustrations never symbolize the viewpoint of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Mail us opinions. See More
Just after Neil Bartlett's discovery in 1962 that xenon can form chemical compounds, a large number of xenon compounds happen to be found and described. Nearly all known xenon compounds include the electronegative atoms fluorine or oxygen.
Would like to thank TFD for its existence? Explain to a buddy about us, include a link to this webpage, or take a look at the webmaster's web site for free enjoyment information.
On Sunday, June 12, 1898 they prepared a sample for evaluation Using the spectroscope, but since they turned on the current in the gas, that they had no want with the prism to split The sunshine, for your good crimson glow of your tube confirmed the existence of the new lacking component they named neon.
Cydnee Todd and her Thomas College Women's Basketball teammates defeated New England College, 68 - 63, picking up their third straight North Atlantic Conference (NAC) victory on the road.
Amira Jones had a double-double of 18 points and 11 rebounds to pace Thomas College. Sammie Griffin added 13 points and hit all three of her three-point attempts.
New England College were led by Daleia Boutwell with a double-double of 12 points and 12 rebounds. Rene Hudson scored a team-high 14 points
All services can be tailor-made to clients needs and our network of travel experts will tailor any itinerary to your requirements, travel dates and budget.
As seasons vary from region to region pricing may fluctuate slightly abd this mean they may change without notice.
Single supplements may apply to some aspects of bookings we will however try when possible to waiver these.
Please note: Rates quoted on this website serve as a guideline only and can be subject to change without notice.
[Day] 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 [Month] Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun July Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec [Year] 2018 2019 2020
Black Rain is sourced from images collected by the twin satellite, solar mission, STEREO. Here we see the HI (Heliospheric Imager) visual data as it tracks interplanetary space for solar wind and CME's (coronal mass ejections) heading towards Earth.
Beautiful and mesmerizing, if a bit creepy. There's something very Kubrick about it. (See also Brilliant Noise.)
You have just found your first easter egg! Over the course of the next week ending at 11:59 PM PST on April 12th, you will find 20 easter eggs hidden around the site. They will not be released all at once, so keep checking! Can you collect them all?
@JDeathmk17 hm it seems easy to read to me, but i guess its because i was the one working on it, duly noted
Pour honey onto a plate, and place a glass rim first into the honey. Spin the glass to coat the edges. Dip glass into a plate of shredded coconut to coat rim. Pour in Blended Minipresso Snowbank. Enjoy!
Check out the Resource Guide on Laws Related to Pedestrian and Bicycle Safety produced by the National Highway and Traffic Safety Administration.
GLOBAL finance giant Citigroup is denying reports hackers stole "tens of millions” of dollars from its banking arm Citibank midway through the year.
The Wall Street Journal yesterday reported the money was lost to "malicious software created in Russia” and that the case was being investigated by the FBI.
The Wall Street Journal reported a specialised piece of malware known as "Black Energy” was behind the losses, having been modified to steal banking authentication details.
"There’s a newer, private version of Black Energy that uses plugins to extend its capabilities beyond just DDoS (distributed denial of service), security researcher Joe Stewart told End of sidebar. Return to start of sidebar.
The Wall Street Journal reported that the FBI, the National Security Agency, the Department of Homeland Security and Citigroup exchanged information to counter the attack, which could have begun as long as a year ago.
The hackers, named in The Guardian as the "Russian Business Network”, first gained notoriety several years ago after masterminding a string of hi-tech crimes including identity theft, fraud, spam and child pornography.
Citigroup, the world’s largest financial services company, rejected any suggestion the FBI was investigating an incident and denied that a raid of such proportions had taken place.
"Any allegation that the FBI is working on a case at Citigroup involving a breach of Citi systems resulting in tens of millions of dollars of losses is false,” it said.
However, Dow Jones & Co spokesman Robert Christie told the Associated Press that The Wall Street Journal stood by the accuracy of its story.
A former member of the World Bank’s security team said he was not aware of the attack, but said criminal groups based mainly in Europe, Brazil and Southeast Asia "consistently targeted” large banks and that the industry was "haemorrhaging funds”.
"Ninety-eight percent of bank heists are now occurring virtually and not in the real world,” he told The Associated Press.
If you are registered with a GP practice in England you will have a Summary Care Record (SCR), unless you have previously chosen not to have one and opted out. It includes important information about your health:
You can choose to have additional information included in your SCR, which can enhance the care you receive. This information includes:
Criminal Case Hack – Unlimited Cash, Coins, Speed, Energy… 2013 Download Nowadays, computer games are very popular. If you are an avid Facebook user, you’ve probably heard about the Criminal Case game. It is not only well-loved by adults, but also by the younger generation. Role playing games like the Criminal Case has also increased the number of hack tools ...
Hilburn Realty is a Western Australian Real Estate Agency that prides itself on the high standard of representation and attention to detail it applies to each home that it lists, no matter how big or small. Recently established Hilburn Realty is a part of the Hilburn Group of companies covering Building and Development in all forms throughout Western Australia and expands the business with its representation of all types of real estate transactions from Selling to Buying Investments or Developments it is filling a much needed gap within the current real estate market. Hilburn Realty offers a cutting edge marketing package encompassing some of the latest technological digital advertising mediums to ensure state of the art representation of all properties for all vendors Headed up by Bryan Slater as Licensee with over 20years experience Hilburn Realty offers total peace of mind when looking after your most valuable asset. Come experience the Hilburn Difference today.
In case you're planning to sell a property, contact us and we'll make sure to get the best possible conditions for you.
You tell us what you're looking for and we deliver a collection of properties that match your criteria. If you like one of them, we'll organize a viewing.
Recognized as one of America's premier instrumental ensembles, the Los Angeles Guitar Quartet is one of the most charismatic groups performing today. Popularly known as the LAGQ, these four virtuosi bring a new energy to the concert stage with their eclectic programs and dynamic musical interplay. Their critically acclaimed transcriptions of concert masterworks provide a fresh look at the music of the past, while their interpretations of works from the contemporary and world-music realms continually break new ground. The LAGQ has set new standards for the classical guitar quartet medium.
Tuning the the guitar is perhaps the most important thing you can do when you sit down to play. The greatest music played by the greatest virtuoso is upsetting when the guitar is out of tune, yet if the guitar is really in tune, even just playing the open strings on a guitar has a wonderful aeolian, flirty effect on a room. Many performers-even some very famous ones-get disoriented in their tuning process. It's maddening to be sitting in the audience waiting for a performance to start while the player aimlessly twists tuning knobs without getting any closer. You want to run up and grab the guitar and tune it for him.
First, you have to be able to hear relative pitch, that is, which note is higher and which is lower. To some people it's obvious, to some it's not. When working with beginners this can be one of the hardest barriers to overcome, and for me it is one of the hardest things to teach.
The second problem is strategy. You need to establish one good pitch and tune the other strings to it in an orderly system, without introducing errors that get carried forward.
Third is compromise. The tough thing to accept is that the guitar will never really be in tune. The piano is an "equal tempered" instrument. The guitar is only "sort-of equal tempered".
Equal temperament was developed in the 18th century as a way to allow the keyboard to play equally well in all of the twelve key signatures. This is a strategy of intonation that sacrifices perfect "beatless"intervals by distributing slight inequities throughout the 12 half-steps in an octave. This way the octaves are the only intervals that are truly in tune, with all of the other being a little bit sharp or flat. Even in equal temperament some intervals are marginally more in tune than others. To someone who has been raised on the fixed intervals of a keyboard or fretboard these "off tune" intervals sound normal, but to a singer or string or wind player who has complete microtonal control over pitch, it can sound-and be-out of tune. There are cultural assumptions as well. Listen to the music of many other parts of the world and you will hear beautiful effects from scales and intervals that have nothing to do with our idea of "in tune".
But with the guitar temperament issues are even more confounding than the keyboard, because each fret must cover six notes, each string covers many notes, and each string has a different stretch response from fretting. Any given note can be well off center of equal temperament in the keyboard sense.
Add to this the fact that the response and quality of guitar strings varies widely from brand to brand, and even from package to package, and you have a serious need for skill, strategy and compromise to tune a guitar.
I present here a modest proposal for a simple but effective tuning system. I must presume that the guitarist can perceive the difference between higher and lower, between sharp and flat. The strategy is simple-establish one correct reference note, then tune the remaining notes to that reference note. This is the strategy of the orchestra, where the oboe sounds the tuning note and everyone else tunes to that. In our case we will tune the sixth string, and tune the remaining five strings to it.
That should be it. As you see we have tuned all of the strings to either the E or B harmonics found on the low E string. This is by definition a "perfect fifth" which in this context actually introduces it's own modifiers, but by maintaining the same -string reference point and mixing harmonics, open strings and fretted notes, this system creates it's own guitar temperament, adding a further layer of compromise that helps blend the guitar's special intonation needs.
Learn this tuning sequence as a little ten note melody that you can play easily, without thinking, and it will help you get in tune quickly and with poise, even under difficult circumstances. In guitar concerts I prefer quiet, discreet and mercifully short tuning breaks, so the player and the audience can get on with the business at hand.
The dimensions of the 3rd string make it stretch differently. It is plump and rebellious, and in any tuning issues it's the first suspect. Also it will naturally raise in pitch dramatically with temperature, be it from stage lights, warm bodies or just your hands on the neck. When you're playing, just plan on it going sharp, and expect that string will need to be tuned down.
There will always be exceptions and the need for micro adjustments. Some pieces may have exposed passages in a remote key that still show up out of tune, and may require tweeking a particular string before you start playing. Little compromises can be made without ruining the intonation of the rest of the piece. This is just part of the planning for performance, and these pre-adjustments should be memorized right along with the music. Also a dropped D or dropped F# tuning will require a little adjustment from normal guitar tuning to take advantage of these tunings' pastoral harmonies. It's helpful to be sure that all of the strings are well tuned before modifying the tuning. And of course you have to expect a lowered string to raise in pitch over the next couple of minutes, and plan for adjustment.
Get in tune before you start to play. Make it easy on yourself and on your audience. This will make the world a better place.
*This article will be archived on the website for further reference in the ARTICLES section under NEWS.
This is a placeholder page for Elena Flow, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Elena Flow.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Elena Flow. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Elena Flow. We created this page automatically in hopes Elena Flow would find it. If you are not Elena Flow, but are an alumni of Hilton High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Hilton High School	of Hilton, New York
This is a placeholder page for Merle Huff, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Merle Huff.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Merle Huff. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Merle Huff. We created this page automatically in hopes Merle Huff would find it. If you are not Merle Huff, but are an alumni of Hilton High School, register on this site for free now.
HML offer a wide range of ductwork monitoring, management and cleaning programmes as well as decontamination, post fire and vermin specialist cleaning services including:
Deep Cleaning of Air Handling Plant & Associated Ductwork - (Detailed post clean summary reports will always be provided)
It's official! The Minnow won in the Multihulls Division of the 2005 ARC. We weren't first across the finish line, but the other boats had enough motoring penalties to put The Minnow in first place.
The Minnow made it to St. Lucia! Some others in the multihull division got there first, but they all have motoring penalties coming. We may end up in 1st or 2nd place because we didn't motor (except for maybe an hour of motoring in the wrong direction when they kicked me off the boat).
We finally have some wind! We managed to drop to 53rd place from about 23rd or 30th because we turned right too soon. The wind
prediction had changed in our favor, but they were just tricking us. We spent about 36 hours in really weak wind. It was due to
tropical storm Epsilon, which apparently was a hurricane for a little while. It made wind going to the east, north of us, and the
trade winds were trying to go west, south of us, We were caught in the messy air in between. But now we're moving!
Now we shoud have a tailwind into St. Lucia for the next few days -- long enough to get there. The wind is now 13-14 knots from the
ENE. We're going 7.8 knots towards St. Lucia. Less than 1000 miles to go. I think one boat has already arrived, a 97-foot one.
A few minutes ago I went out side to look at the world. The world looked back. The milky way was out in force, and a long, shooting
star went slowly across the sky. It was like a movie. Actually, the shooting start must have been going pretty fast, but it looked
We caught a couple of fish today, a dolphin (the fish, not the porpoise) and something else like a tarpon or barracuda. We cleaned
Mike replaced our salt water pump with a new pressure pump and reservoir. The other pump was dead. The new pump worked fine. But I
just now noticed a red light on the breaker panel next to the lable "Sea Water Pump." Maybe something isn't quite right.
We've been running the air conditioner the past couple of days. Mike and I have been playing "In the Mood" in beautiful 2-part
sousaphonian harmony. Beauty is in the ear of the bee holder. David, Serge, and Jim are about ready to jump ship.
We're a just little over 1100 miles from St. Lucia, about 47 days by my calculation. On Wednesday, the generator died. That's not
too big a deal, because we can charge batteries using engines and solar panels, except that our watermaker takes too much 110v
current to run off the inverter which runs off the batteries. In other words, we cannot convert salt water to fresh water.
Salt water is lousy to drink, and only marginally better to wash in. We have enough water, coke, and diet coke on the boat to get us
to shore and beyond, but it's a lot more comfortable with plenty of fresh water to wash dishes, clothes, and people.
The generator would run for a bit and then quit, shorter periods each time. Like fuel starvation. Then it stopping running
After changing filters, bleeding air, and lots of etc. and discussion, the time finally rolled around when the generator company in
Seattle opened yesterday. They gave us some things to check. The problem was a bad breaker. It apparently would flip off from
We normally bring the fishing lines in at night, becuase it's not easy to clean a fish down on the steps in the dark, and we usually
only have one or two people awake at night. Last night someone forgot. This morning before sunup (yes, I was up before sunup!), I
It's 43 inches long, 2.5 inches tall, and 2 inches wide. It has a giant mouth with large, mean looking teeth. It must get thicker
Tropical Storm Epsilon has messed us up here. We were planning a more or less straight shot to St. Lucia, but the storm came up and
put east wind where we were planning on west wind. So we had to go south. Some boats got ahead of us in the process. We're
There's a band of mixed up air between the west wind above and the east wind to the south. We've been trying to cheat our way west,
sometimes getting too close or inside the bad air. The good news is that within 24 hours, we should have some persistent,
consistent, resistant east wind pushing us west. But if I recall, that's what I said before Tropical Storm Epsilon
Water temperature is 87°. Laundry is hanging on the boat. I think we caught two edible fish yesterday. The baritone serenades I've
been offering in the middle of the night have received mixed reviews. I like them, and Serge, David, Jim, and Mike don't. I think
We're moving again! Yesterday we were sailing along in fairly light wind with the middle-sized spinnaker up, and it ripped in two.
Two sails in two days! We'll use towels for sails if this keeps up. I think we must have damaged it earlier, because the wind was
Now we're headed 234 at 8.2 knots. Wind is from 125 at 17 knots. We're going south to get by a band of slow air. Today we should
pass the halfway point. I thought earlier that we'd have smooth sailing from here on, but this morning I noticed tropical storm
Epsilon (gusts to 65 knots) on the weather fax. It's far enough north not to bother us, but it may mess up our nice, pretty wind
A few flying fish have decided to fly onto the boat lately. Last night one flew throught the window into the living room! I was
It's staying dark later. Either the days are getting shorter, we're moving west, the sun is burning out, or some combination of the
Today we finished baling the water out of the front hold and started drying stuff. By this afternoon, everything was back to
normal. We even got most of the instruments back on line. Apparently there is a short, or bad connection, or broken instrument
somewhere in the seatalk network. Everything is fine now except one of the external autopilots and instruments in one of the
Then the gennaker ripped in two. That was pretty exciting. We took it down, bagged it, and dropped it into the formerly flooded
hold. We still have a smaller foresail called a solent, and three spinnakers, but that will cost us some time. Apparently the
Jim caught a dolphin today. The movie tonight was, "Brother, Where Art Thou." It is a fine motion picture. I think I shall play You
I just got the last weather faxes from New Orleans, and I dialed around on the radio to see if there were any others. Now I'm
Water temperature is 84.3, air temperature about 80, and the wind is from 190 degrees at 10 knots. Mars is out, but the moon is not.
Last Thursday or Friday we ran the Iridium satphone out of minutes. We thought when we used up our bulk minutes, we'd go to more
expensive minutes, so we were in no rush to re-up the bulk minutes. However, when we ran out of our bulk minutes we couldn't make
Cathy eventually called us. We asked her to buy some more minutes, but the place was closed until Monday. So we've been using the
technology of the ancient seafaring vikings, with weather faxes and voice HF communication. And Cathy's been calling with the
The tropical storm has fizzled a bit, and is 200-300 miles to our northwest. The water was pretty rough yesterday and this morning,
but we still averaged 9 or 10 knots. We guessed the waves were over 12 ft. today. This boat handles really good in that kind of
Today I woke up early, as usual, about 10:30 or so. Serge had planted a cooking timer behind my back. A fishing pole holder was
loose, and I tightened it. Then the hydraulic winches stopped working. But we have winch handles. Then the autopilot quit. But we
When messing with the autopilot, we noticed that the rudder was being used more than normal. And our speed seemed a bit slower than
Then David took a shower and noticed that the boat was lower in the water than normal. At least on that side. This is not good in a
boat, particularly if the boat is hundreds of miles out in the ocean. He checked the forward watertight locker. It had about 5 feet
of water in it, maybe a couple of tons. Someone didn't close the hatch well, and water had been splashing in for a day or two of the
We spent a couple of hours going east, with the wind, away from our destination, pumping, bailing, and otherwise evacuating the
water from the hold. There's still some there, but we quit when it got dark. The majority of the water is out now. Now the autopilot
doesn't use the rudder as much as it was earlier today. The speed is still slow, but that's because the wind is slower and from a
3. A spare watermaker and windmill that is still underwater in the forward hold. They need rinsing in fresh water, drying, and
5. Fishing line is tangled on the rudder or prop. It shouldn't be too bad because we haven't been motoring.
6. The main halyard is chafing where it goes through the deck. It's worn through the cover. We need to make the hole bigger.
7. We have some failure in an instrument or connection on the seatalk network, so now either the autopilot or true wind speed and
8. Three or four of our live vests auto-inflated today during the thrashing. Oops. We have recharge kits for most of them, and
9. We're missing some setscrews on one of the furlers of the foresails. We have to be careful about that.
The baritone and sousaphones are still in fine shape, as are the stereo/dvd player, so we're in excellent condition overall. Except
Today we got into 4th position in the catamaran division, and 26th overall. We gave back about 25 miles this afternoon when we were
thrashing about. We haven't run our motors, and we got behind when there wasn't much wind for a couple of days. Once I even went
Nov 27: One flying fish. It flew to my feet when I was messing with the sails a few minutes go. I sent him on his way.
It's tough to reel in a fish when you're moving 8-12 knots! We lost several. I'm surprised they'd bite anything going that fast.
The water temperature is 86°F. That's warm! Maybe even warm enough for a tropical storm, huh? I'm the only one up at the moment
(2:15 am). We are at 22°19'N, 31°53'W, headed west at 7.5 knots. Wind is out of the west southwest at around 15 knots.
He’s 50 years old today! That’s really old. Old enough to be a grandfather. But he doesn’t seem any more senile than he has been for the past 40 years. Serge made him a special birthday loaf of bread. And a special birthday piece of fish. And I made him a special birthday chocolate cake. We figured he would be pretty depressed being that much older than us.
On to sailing. Lighter, light, some, very nice. That was the wind today. We finally got moving. We put up our biggest spinnaker and were going nearly as fast as the wind was blowing. For you sailors out there, we did this with an apparent wind angle of about 90 and a true wind angle of 140-160. Good wind continued for most of the day. In fact around 11:00pm we had to take down the biggest spinnaker (which David has dubbed “Whomper”).
With Whomper down, we put up the next biggest spinnaker and continued into the night. OK, OK, I was downstairs reading when all the spinnaker-changing activity took place. But I did come up and hand them a flashlight at one point.
One thing about this big sail is that someone has to be watching it almost all of the time. Most people don’t use the autopilot with a spinnaker much. Well, Bob and I use the autopilot almost always, and the other three have begun to come around. Not only can we be a lot lazier using the autopilot, so far none of us can keep the speed up as well as the autopilot. It’s hard to argue with more speed and less effort.
This morning was very nice eggs and fruit salad (thank you very much David), at noon fish, birthday bread, and green salad (je-ne-se-pa? Serge), and tonight was fried chicken and fried potatoes (Mom still cooks potatoes and chicken better than me durndoggit). Don’t worry. We had plenty of our “Four C’s” (cookies, cakes, colas, and candy) all day long.
There was some piano playing, but it’s a little more difficult to rock and roll on the keyboard as the boat rocks and rolls more.
The highlight was “Bob’s Party Mix” blaring on the boat-wide stereo from 8:00pm till the wee hours. “Bob’s Party Mix” is a collection of several hundred unrelated tunes. Some of the favorites were “I Am the Frito Bandito,” “Stars and Stripes Forever,” “I Feel Pretty,” “Whisky in a Jar,” and “Smoke on the Water,” and the theme song from “MASH.”
It's my birthday! Last night about midnight I was out on the back of the boat playing Moonlight Sonata on the piano. About the end
of the first movement and beginning of the second, the moon started up over the horizon. That was pretty cool. Maybe even 68
Early this morning when I got up (about 10:00) there was some racket, movement, activity, and general confusion on the boat. We were
finally moving! The spinnaker was up and there was a little wind! It's gotten better throughout the day. Now we're doing 7-8 knots
in about 12 knots (true) of wind with the big spinnaker up. The wind is from about the 8:00 o'clock position.
Serge caught a fish today. We never did figure out what kind it is, but we (Serge) cleaned it. Do they have poison fish in the
This afternoon I was up messing with some ropes and other sailing stuff. I came down into the living room and there was a cake with
50 (or more) candles, all but one lit (the slackers), and a bunch of balloons. Party time! Being 50 is really good. Now when I
forget stuff I can say I'm just too old to remember, instead of dealing with the harrassment I've had to put up with since I was
We're behind in the boat race, after having a couple of 50-mile days. I think we're going faster than most of the other boats at the
There's a giant low-pressure system a few days in front of us. Well, it's not really giant, but it is significant. The 24 and 48
hour forcast today said there's a chance it could become a tropical or subtropical cyclone. According to our boat book (Chapman),
But it probably will weaken. We are thinking about going over the top (north) of the low and catch some tailwinds into St. Lucia. Or
we may go south and have some headwinds instead. Or the weather may change to something completely different before we get there.
We're north of most of the other boats, but there are several boats in the racing division up here with us. We're hoping they know
Since I started writing this the wind has come up to 15 knots (true). We may have to pull down the spinnaker before long, because
Yesterday I cut into a piece of bread that Mike cooked in the breadmaker. There was a big chunk of metal in it. That guy can flat
We are now flying along at the incredible speed of 0.5 knots! Modern sailing technology is amazing. We got our positions last night.
We're in pretty good shape compared to the other boats, ahead of all but one catamaran. But the other two Catana 52s didn't report
Mike cooked bread yesterday. He was apparently observing a religious holiday because he didn't use yeast.
Yesterday I went part way up the mast to fix a lazy jack line. Today David went up the front sail to fix a loose set screw. We've
Very light air right on the nose all day long. The days highlight were two dorado, quickly converted to a delicious lunch.
Again, we could not reach Don SSB, but the GRIBS we received by email forecast several more days of light wind. We expect a long
The send off today was spectacular. Marching bands serenaded us at the dock. hundreds of well wishers lined the harbor and the
jetties to see us off. Our Sousaphone-playing crewmembers performed over twenty national anthems as we headed out to the starting
line, putting their instruments away at the five minute warning. We had a light spin run down the east side of Gran Canaria and got
walloped with a 35 knot WESTERLY as we reached the south end of the island. Lots of excitement on board as we pounded thru
We're off! We started the ARC to Stars & Stripes and In the Mood, sousaphone on the tramp. (naturally)
26 hours to start! Mike and Serge are out picking up up fruits, vegetables, and our last laundered laundry for a while. Jim is asleep (after 25 hour flight plus a night out). David is cooking eggs. Most of our "to do" list is finished, and all of the "required" items are done. I think we need to break something.
Mike and I plan to play 25 national anthems in two-part sousaphone harmony today, and tomorrow on the boat at the start. It could start a war.
Mike, Mathieu and I are on the boat in Las Palmas, Gran Canaria. I think that's Grand Canary in English, but I'm not sure. We joined the opening day parade today. We didn't get a written invitation, but that must have been an oversight. Next year we will probably be explicitly invited NOT to play...
There are a bunch of boats getting here preparing for the Altantic crossing, and more are on the way. I think will be somewhere between 225 and 250 boats in all.
20. Reorganize food and storage areas. (Mike and Serge will do this alternately for most of the trip.)
There's a swedish girl named Emma looking for a boat to join, but there are probably 5 wives who would object to her on this boat.
We were thinking that, at 225 boats, 4 people per boat, 3 meals per person per day, 20 days, that is a LOT of food people are buying here this week!
Mike called and said they'd get to Las Palmas in a few hours. He actually said ten hours, but that was some time ago. He also said he'd gone 21.3 knots. But the phone connection was bad, and I'm not sure if this was boat speed or Mike's speed on the way to the bathroom.
The Minnow will cross the Atlantic (hopefully) in the ARC, Atlantic Rally for Cruisers, later this month. The crew of the Catana 52 is made up of
Serge, Mike, and Bob have a history of sailing together. However, much of it was in a 15-foot open power boat. Last summer the three, along with a couple of their offspring, managed sail a Bahia 46 from Norfolk, VA to La Rochelle, France without sinking. Catamarans are notoriously difficult to sink.
Jim and David are competent sailors and allegedly know what to do with all those ropes. It is not known, however, whether they'll be able to untangle the gorilla knots commonly used by Oklahoma farmers.
Sailing with multilingual crews has been a challenge almost as long as there have been sailboats, and this voyage will likely be no exception. While French-English communication is not a problem, there may be a considerable language barrier between English and Okie, as nautical terminology is nonexistent in the latter.
The Minnow is fully outfitted with modern maritime equipment necessary for a transatlantic voyage, such as an electric piano, a baritone, and two sousaphones. Bob and Mike Webster are threatening the Canary Islands in general and the ARC specifically with loud 2-part sousaphone renditions of the national anthem for each of the 25 countries represented in this year's ARC: Australia, Austria, U.K., Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Leichtenstein, Malaysia, Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Russia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Turkey, U.S.
Mike and Bob have performed in prominent locations such as the MGM Grand in Las Vegas (they were eventually escorted out) and the Navy Pier Auditorium in Chicago (where they were asked to leave by the police). Research may be undertaken during the crossing by Jim, David, and Serge on the effectiveness of sousaphone bells as a series drogue.
1C Company and Best Way would like to invite you to the brand new official website of Nuclear Union, the new large-scale RPG for PC, for a great insight on the game world with its culture, locations, enemies and much more. Fans will also find new art, screenshots and enemy descriptions to help them prepare for the apocalypse.
Seems my quick reply bar is broken. Can't do anything with it. Is there a tech support thread or something somewhere?
Is there someone at 1C that can contact Best Way and tell them that the english part of their NU forum, doesn't work or has been down for months, with an internal script error?
Rig'n'Roll Truck racing game, sequel to the famous Hard Truck series. Drive authentic trucks along real Californian roads, deliver cargo, take part in truck races or establish your own cargo transportation company.
I don't think graphics was the real issue in the Russian version. Having now seen the English version, I can honestly say I can't see any real difference. So I'm not sure what you want with respects to the word "changed". I have G-Force 9500.
Ou. I just saw someone saying that graphich has changed so I thought how could it change. SO it's ok I like it how it is. And did physics improve atleast a bit ?
I think that physics has not changed. But I do not know. I not played eng RNR. Only Russia has played here.
This is the most common problem my community to speak. Horrible physics. I do not understand how this could
Lol, those vids are enough reason for me to hold off on buying this game until those horrible issues are fixed. Completely unacceptable. That's one thing the SCS games do better, at least.
You talking to me?? I know how to behave in a trailer and what will happen. I previously used in real life trucker. Maybe I did not understand to whom react.
But I think the problem is in the eng ver too, but as I said, Im drive from inside the cabin, but Im going to frap some exploration, so i might as well confirm this.
Well from inside view if you would only drive straight it wouldn't be such problem, but still sometimes when you make a turn trailer stick out to to much and you hit something. And sometimes I need to manoevure. Well I hope we'll be able to mod this cuz I think it's just that the wheels position on the trailers is set to be on the middle of the trailer.
Ayurvedic Hospitals in Uttar Pradesh square measure the foremost electoral medical centers by patients. the standard treatment provided is that the key feature behind the recognition of health centers in Uttar Pradesh. the foremost useful side of Ayurvedic treatment in Uttar Pradesh is that there aren't any side-effects. Uttar Pradesh has been determined jointly of the foremost swift developing Ayurvedic centers in Uttar Pradesh. In Uttar Pradesh stress isn't set on temporary relief however to develop the immune structure. Ayurvedic medications in Uttar Pradesh square measure accustomed treat thyroid, obesity, acne, depression, polygenic disorder and skin disorders. beside treatments provided in Uttar Pradesh, it additionally includes respiration exercises, meditation and massage remedies. GS Ayurveda Medical College & Hospital is that the best Ayurveda hospital in the town and state.
Last night was an exersize in organizational and logistical near-failure, as the call went out that a show, featuring The Roots and Cee-Lo, would be at the Vic and FREE caused more than a 40 minute wait outside waiting to get in.
This was an MGD sponsored event, so the product placement was there, the drink tokens were flying, and the comedian/emcee kept speaking of cool, refreshing taste, but everyone understood that the price for a free show was worth it in the end.
The Roots stepped up a bit after 9, and promptly tore it down. I've seen over 20 Roots shows , and I simply have never see them mail it in. The arrangements are always original, the musicians on point, and emcee Black Thought simply does his thing and does it at a high level.
Cee-Lo's debut on stage was met with absolute pandemonium. His began with a trip down memory lane with "Free," the introduction to his former group Goodie Mob's debut Soul Food, and "Cell Therapy," which was their first single in 1995. His rendition of "Who's Gonna Save Your Soul" was great, and the crowd, sensing a climax, screamed for the song they wanted.
One of the beauties of hip-hop shows, and Roots shows in particluar, is that they never do the song the same way it is on the album. So it took a while for people to pick up on the slower arrangement, the plodding of the drumline and the slow urge of the guitars, but the lyrics didn't change. "Crazy" drove the crowd, well, crazy. And after the song was seemingly over, they let the guitars loose and redid the chorus in full-out, rawk-style, which had them moshing on the main floor and dancing in the aisles in the balcony.
The show really amplified that Cee-Lo simply hasn't been around very long as a solo artist, and while he clearly could have done more stuff, particularly from Cee-Lo Green is the Soul Machine,, his inclusion was really as a special guest to The Roots constant aural barrage. It was quite clear that quite a few people were there to see Cee-Lo, and they probably came away disappointed, but all in all, it was a great show; tightly produced, constant music, and for a great price.
Transmission staffers share their most cherished memories and moments while writing for Gapers Block.
Transmission is the music section of Gapers Block. It aims to highlight Chicago music in its many varied forms, as well as cover touring acts performing in the city. More...
By Month December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006
YORK, Nebraska — A California couple arrested in Nebraska last month for carrying 60 pounds of marijuana they described as family Christmas gifts have again been arrested in Nebraska, this time on sus.
LARGE TRAVEL DUFFLE Carry On Bag 11x15x27 inch with 85 Liters capacity and 1.5 pound is ideal to use as a lightweight main luggage, an extra shopping and souvenirs bags or storing sports gear.
Mayweather flashes his bag of cash in Las Vegas nightclub. Mayweather had $250,000 waiting in a duffel bag to blow at a strip club after his win. Money, money.
The gunman nudged the two women toward the cash registers. Once the registers were opened, the robbers began putting money into a large duffle bag and threatened to kill the women if they did not obey.
Duffle Bag Lyrics: Dirty money in a duffle bag / Tall money for the IRS / Revolvers for my street niggas / Let them niggas know we did it best / A pound for my hood bitches / Smoking out the projects
How Much Home Equity Line Of Credit Can I Get Credit Score 576 Learn about the shopping cart trick to increase credit score without a hard pull. The Shopping Cart Trick lets you apply credit cards without hard pull. Circumcision and HIV A lie will be halfway around the world before the truth has got its pants on. – Rev. C. H. Spurgeon, 1855 who
Hdfc Home Loan Helpline Number Customers, who are connected with HDFC bank and have any issue, can obtain HDFC Bank Customer Care Number by going through this page which will help you to. HDFC Bank Head Office HDFC Bank House, Senapati Bapat Marg, Lower Parel, Mumbai 400 013 Phone: +91-22-6652-1000. Email Support [email protected] (general) [email protected] (loan enquiries) The
And while a bag can’t help you do leg day like The Rock does leg day, it may certainly provide you with motivation to get your money’s worth out of it and go to the gym.
The Lincoln Journal Star reports that 80-year-old Patrick Jiron and his 70-year-old wife, Barbara, were in Lancaster County Court on Wednesday and charged with possession of drug money. Investigators.
Bigger Duffel Bag. Want a bigger chunk of cash from bank robberies? Owning this enables you to collect up to three times the cash when you successfully rob.
A duffel bag, duffle bag, kit bag or gym bag [dubious – discuss] is a large cylindrical bag made of cloth (or other fabric), historically with a top closure. The name comes from Duffel, a town in Flanders, Belgium, where the thick cloth used to make the bag originated in the 17th century. According to the Oxford English Dictionary, the word.
Nov 20, 2017. Sometimes a carry-on bag just doesn't cut it — that's where checked luggage comes in. These are the best. The best duffle bag luggage.
But not far from the border, she said, the coyote demanded more money, which neither she nor her mother. family with one d.
“Los Angeles has become the epicenter of narco-dollar money laundering with couriers regularly bringing duffel bags and suitcases full of cash to many businesses. Because Los Angeles is at the forefro.
I am kneeling on a sun-dappled hardwood floor with stacks of $20 bills in $2,000 bundles in each hand helping to spell out the word "douchebaggery," and thinking: $220,000 just doesn’t seem like that.
A couple in Ohio accidentally dropped off a duffel bag containing almost $100,000 at an Ohio. maybe it’s actually counterfeit money,’” Croy said. “So they brought it into the store office. “I looke.
Sep 28, 2013 · You could easily fit 200 stacks of bills in a duffle bag or. How can anyone with $120+ million not have enough sense to keep their money.
Federal agents raided Q.T Fashion and numerous other businesses in the downtown fashion district Wednesday. At a mansion in Bel-Air, they discovered $10 million in duffel bags. Federal officials sa.
Your hunt is over: Best Stuff is GQ’s destination for finding the perfect version of whatever you need and this time, we’re taking on leather duffel bags.
It was a black duffel bag filled with 17 packages. Because of how lucrative the drug market is now, there’s a chance someone will cough up the money for him. “The potential for widespread loss of l.
Great for groomsmen gifts (or your own weekend getaway), the Personalized Canvas & Leather Duffle Bag is the perfect accessory for a stylish traveler. It’s designed for the "man on the go" who requires reliable durability regardless of whether he’s traveling for work or pleasure. Available in black, green or blue.
Duffel bags, school bags, large Duffle bags, Volume price, Embroidery, Monogramming, Custom made bag.
"There were quite a few people here." The money that was strewn about was in clear plastic bags and white canvas duffel bags, he said. A second Garda truck was called in, and, as state police watched,
Meanwhile, white-collar embezzler Miller (Cusack) is fleeing authorities via the small plane he abandons to crash in the forest as he parachutes down with four heavy duffel bags of loot. For a whil.
but a search of his car uncovered a duffel bag holding a printer, printer ink, paper and 33 bills in various units that shared the same serial numbers. The bag also contained sheets of paper money tha.
"They can make all the money in the world, but it doesn’t do any good to have cash stacked in a semi somewhere." In all, the company is accused of laundering about $6 million. were accused in 2010.
He fills large duffel bags with food to bring back to the city and estimates. That figure might be enough to scare you off those pricey organic brands for awhile. [See: Make These 50 Smart Money Mo.
This time, the footage shows the figure carrying a small duffel bag resembling one that belonged to Weiser. The department.
Apr 29, 2013. Let Hamid Karzai be a cautionary tale. The U.S. can't buy foreign allies. It can only rent them. And even then, the cash undermines.
Find discounts up to 90-percent off everything from duffel bags to sunglasses, clothing and more. They have brand names like Oakley, North Face, Columbia and more. Take an additional 10-percent off wi.
The 40 Best Duffel Bags and Weekenders For Men. a little bit better and put together this list of the most worthwhile weekender and duffel bags for men on the.
This Duffle Bag Of Money looks so real you can almost smell the real cash. Don’t settle for cheesy prop money, this is the best. Whether you’re just trying to.
Only to be eaten anyway to gain confirmation by Blaine on the money’s duffel bag location information being accurate. Major had to keep up appearances in ruthless underground activities in order to ma.
2 Chainz – Duffel Bag Money | DJ Jazz and Hash Beatz drops this mixtape titled ‘Duffel Bag Money’ featuring southern rap artist 2 Chainz. Guest appearances on this release from Mack Maine, Mac Miller, Chinx, French Montana, Eric Bellinger, Lil Wayne, Young Jeezy, Kanye West, and much more.
but very little money was taken. The victims’ shops were within a four mile radius of each other, and all three men were apparently closing for the night when they were murdered. The Post reports a ma.
We compiled a comprehensive comparison guide of the top 9 travel duffle bag reviews to help you get the best duffle bags for travel for the money in 2017!
The duffle bag is a container in Fallout 4. Duffle bags appear to be made of military green canvas, have a strap holster and zipper, and.
Seven S Banking Andheri East The other was East African. CRDB Bank recorded a highest turnover of Sh43.7 million from trading 271,682 shares in 27 deals at Sh160 each, followed by DSE Plc with a turnover of Sh9.7 million from 6,235 shares traded in seven deals between Sh1,560. Get Bank of India Ghatkopar West Branch, Ghatkopar West IFSC code, Address
x rocker video game chair rocker game chair rocker gaming chair rocker gaming chair rocker gaming chair x rocker pedestal x rocker video game chair hook up.
extreme video rocker game chair x pro series image of gaming v se wireless black with grey chairs,x rocker pedestal video game chair 21 with wireless bluetooth audio manual ace bayou pro series and,x rocker pro series pedestal video gaming chair review game manual 21 with wireless bluetooth audio one,extreme x rocker gaming chair video game rocking why choose ak pedestal pro series h3 41 audio review,x rocker pro series h3 41 audio gaming chair review video game best of since luxury,rocker video game chair instructions x pro wireless audio gaming at buy now ice,x rocker pro series pedestal video gaming chair review wireless black game ice,x rocker video game chair review sound chairs just sit there start rocking v,extreme video rocker game chair x pro series h3 41 audio gaming review wireless surge high ground,rocker video game chair x pro series pedestal gaming review 21 with wireless bluetooth audio reviews on chairs.
Thanks for visiting AllAroundTheGlobe.com! We hope that your review of Aomori hotels and lodging will be productive!
glass stair railing installation how much does cost home depot gla at rs feet,cost to install glass stair railing modern design ideas pictures diy,how much does glass stair railing cost ornamental railings city hall viva installation systems,glass stair railing installation design dallas contemporary railings and components,glass stair railing diy revit amazing design for staircase stairs railings stainless cost to install,glass stair railing design factory diy dallas,glass stair railing railings staircase cost bangalore design home depot,glass stair railing systems uk home depot near me wood stairs,glass stair railing installation design systems uk staircase contemporary with modern,glass stair railing atlanta type elegant and safety revit cost.
Note: I met Isle of Wight Distillery at both Junipalooza and Imbibe Live and they kindly sent me a sample pack to try. As always, I’ll let you know if I don’t like it.
Guess where the Isle of Wight Distillery come from? Based at Rosemary Vineyard, they are the first and only distillery (with a license!) on the Isle of Wight. They started with their Mermaid Gin followed by their Rock Sea Vodka and their HMS Victory Navy Strength Gin. They also have an Apple Pie Moonshine which sounds INCREDIBLE, but I don’t have a sample of that to try so whatevs I don’t care. They use locally foraged, hand picked ingredients in their gin such as Rock Samphire (from a secret location, they won’t tell you where they get it from), along with Isle of Wight grown hops and coriander seeds plus a touch of elderflower and grains of paradise. The Navy Strength gin is made in partnership with The National Museum of the Royal Navy using the same recipe but bottled at the higher 57% ABV to make the flavours more intense. Plus, for the first time on this blog, they have a vodka – grain distilled with the addition of rock sea salt and bottled at 40% ABV.
So, first things first. Wight Mermaids Gin. As I open the bottle, a lemony smell wafts up (even with my slightly blocked nose). Not very heavy on the juniper, but the lemon also isn’t overpowering. There’s a hint of flowers, but just enough to lift the smell and balance out the citrus once poured into the glass. As I only have a 50ml sample, a sip of it neat is rather nice. Zingy on the tongue and there is a little hint of saltiness at the back of your throat – you know when you’ve been on the beach all day and it’s just there? Mixed with some Fever-Tree tonic, the flavours balance out and you get some pepper on the front of your tongue, citrus towards the middle and a slight saltiness at the back. The tonic’s bitterness drowns out the subtler flavours of the elderflower, but it’s a light gin that’s not too heavy or dry. They suggest serving it with a cucumber ribbon (I have a slice because I’m not fancy or wasteful) and some juniper berries – the juniper berries don’t do much really as a garnish but the cucumber helps with some lighter notes.
Moving on to the Navy strength HMS Victory – the floral and pine notes are certainly more prominent here, with the citrus notes taking a back seat – something that doesn’t change in the glass. The saltiness is also much more prominent here – slightly unpleasant straight but that could just be because I’m tired on a Tuesday and straight 57% gin before dinner is a bad idea. To alleviate this, I’ve added some Fever-Tree. The tonic helps to balance the saltiness, although the higher ABV is definitely making it the dominate flavour. The softer elderflower notes are lost entirely. This isn’t a gin I would drink every day, it’s slightly too intense for me. However, as a treat this is great. Without going into any detail I had a bit of a pants day and this is a good pick me up. I think if you take it back a few months into the warmer weather and sip it harbour side, this is great. Slightly cold and tired and poorly in my room, less so.
You can buy 70cl bottles of all three spirits from their website – the Navy Strength is £45, the Mermaid Gin is £36.50 and the Vodka is £34.50. You can find them on Facebook and Twitter.
Come and join in the fun of this simple game “Black Screen White Screen” the screen is divided into two parts one black and one white. A message will appear which says either “Black” or “White”. Follow the message to gain more time. The less time your have the less points you will get. The more time the more points.
If the market is tight for a specific skill the demand for that skill is high and wages increase. If the market for that particular skill is not in a high need, the wages decrease. Company's use this ratio in determining pay, and costs for production of a product
That is, it is a function that describes how the producers' hiring decisions change as the wage rate changes. It is a downward sloping function (higher wage implies lower quantity of labor is demanded by firms).
More detail: It is derived from equating the firms' marginal value product of labor with the market wage rate. This assumes firms are wage-takers (can't influence market wage rate)... it becomes more complex if they can. The marginal value product of labor is essentially the *value* of the output that another worker will produce for the firm.
Is emplyment in call centre sustainable?what kind skiils should people working in call centres acquire?
What is MARGINAL UTILITY? Give me an basic example. I have just started Economics and I am learning basics.
Dave sits down with AJ the IT professional from Ontario to talk about computers, software, security - Plus upcoming hearings and public meetings
Would you like to learn about new and upcoming products, contests, and more? Simply enter your e-mail address below to stay informed.
Please enter your zip code to locate your Arlington sales representative who can provide you with a local distributor, pricing, and availability.
Arlington is a leading manufacturer of quality electrical products, communications products, home theater products, and more since 1949. To meet the changing needs of the electrical industry, Arlington continuously develops unique and innovative products that meet the quality standards our customers expect.
AikiWeb's principal purpose is to serve the Internet community as a repository and dissemination point for aikido information.
Hello and thank you for visiting AikiWeb, the world's most active online Aikido community! This site is home to over 22,000 aikido practitioners from around the world and covers a wide range of aikido topics including techniques, philosophy, history, humor, beginner issues, the marketplace, and more.
If you wish to join in the discussions or use the other advanced features available, you will need to register first. Registration is absolutely free and takes only a few minutes to complete so sign up today!
My first Aikido teacher was an old-style judoka (early '60s era) prior to starting Aikido and his son is a policeman who now does BJJ, so I get where this guy is coming from.
While I am not a fan of mma I respect the people who do this sport.Rik makes some very good points in his article.Quite frankly some aikido is diluted to such an extent that it imo is not a martial art.People who have trained under some of the early uchi deshi of O sensei really received a hard time.Like Henry I transferred from Judo to aikido and let me tell you it was at times pretty intense training with my own aikido mentor.This hard training is slowly but surely being lost, kept alive only by a small groups.Perhaps the younger generation have too many options to keep them occupied?How many of todays youth will spend 4/5 nights a week training hard , travel miles to gain understanding from skilled teachers nowadays?
The quality of some aikido is suspect as are some of the grades some people have,Some grades are self promotions.Ranks such as 7th Dan /8th Dan are growing like weeds in an unattended garden.Every where I look I see this happenlng.What is needed is a new start for aikido.Unless we as aikidoka get back to basics and study carefully the next generation of aikidoka will be with a few exceptions will suffer inasmuch that they may not have any real substance behind their work.Cheers, Joe.
Greetings Pittsburgh! Isomedia is the nation's leading provider of CD, DVD and Blu-Ray disc replication and duplication. In addition, we offer CD and DVD label design and packaging services to fit all needs. No one offers better turn-around time and delivery or lower prices and higher quality.
Although Isomedia is not physically located in Pittsburgh, we are the nearest factory to you. We guarantee that not only will we offer high-quality disc manufacturing at the lowest price and quickest turn-arounds (5-6 days for CD s and 6-7 days for DVDs RETAIL READY), but also provide the lowest possible shipping to get your product straight to your door!
my drunk gf lindsay lohan nude uncut scene ladyboys give facials monster fucks d great body solo korean amateur swingers part6 bbw gy suck wife talks to husband about his gay pov luyen sex cho con trai men forced handcuffs asian wife forced by fneabour teen sex on couch sexy anime lesbian wife pays debt of her husband 3gp amateur hot wife part 2 mom caungth son forced to suck d beautifull sexy girl real unfaithfull house wife japanes motherinlaw sex with son inlaw fotos de lesvianas jenny ramos leal fee slut wife
The city of San Francisco has been known to be cannabis friendly and is already home to many medical marijuana dispensaries. With the new laws in effect, many medical dispensaries will apply to expand into commercial sales. However, your medical marijuana card will always be welcome throughout the city as well as online. Keep in mind that while the use of recreational marijuana is now legal, the restrictions for smoking in public and abiding by “no smoking” signs are still in effect.
Holders of a valid medical marijuana card in San Francisco can receive discounts on the California marijuana tax and access to stronger products that may not be available for recreational use. In addition, having your card will allow you to utilize the services of both medical and recreational dispensaries.
Because marijuana in healthcare is still a new topic, not all doctors will be well-versed in the benefits of cannabis. This is where MMj can help connect you with a licensed medical doctor who is knowledgeable about prescribing medical marijuana. We screen our medical professionals carefully and are dedicated to helping connect patients who seek to use marijuana for medicinal purposes with trained doctors in their area.
Need to obtain or renew a medical marijuana card Dr. Weedy? Let MMj do the legwork! Just fill out the survey online, we will find a knowledgeable doctor in your area, and get your prescription mailed directly to your home.
«Усадьба рыцаря Эдварда Остера «Дом дракона» расположена на западной оконечности Крыма – Тарханкутском полуострове, где самое чистое море и ароматный коктейль из степного разнотравья и морских брызг. Черноморское – чудный городок богатой историей и великолепными окрестностями: Беляус, Оленевка, Межводное покоряют своими пляжами и открытым морем.
Join us to celebrate The AIRE Centre's Inaugural Charity Fundraising Evening on Thursday 26 November 2015
The AIRE Centre, in its 22 years, has strived to ensure that the most vulnerable and marginalized people are treated fairly and are protected under European Law.
With the help of our many supporters we have been involved in over 100 cases before the European court of Human Rights. These cases have had a significant influence on the promotion and protection of human rights in the UK. Help us continue this work by joining us for an evening of debate and entertainment, chaired by Radio 4 's Law in Action legal commentator Joshua Rozenberg.
A list of formidable speakers including Lord Justice Sedley, Judge Ann Power-Forde SC, Raza Husain QC, Adam Wagner, Parosha Chandran and of course, our very own Nuala Mole.
Tickets for registered AIRE Centre friends can be purchased for a discounted price of £30. Find out how to become an AIRE Centre Friend
After reading various poor reviews about Air Niugini I was skeptical, but unfortunately it was too late to change our ca...read more
"After reading various poor reviews about Air Niugini I was skeptical, but unfortunately it was too..."
Write an airline review Write an airport review Flights Hotels Terms of Use They talk about us About Airlikes.com Contact Link to Us
We are proud to provide one of the most efficient, affordable and professional door to door private taxi transfer service from Varcaturo at fixed all inclusive prices. Our Varcaturo transfer services are operated by a variety of clean, comfortable air conditioned vehicles. Depending on the passengers number we can provide private transfers using Mercedes E-class limousine, minivan, van, minibus and coach travel up to 56 seats.
Taxi transfers from Varcaturo: it is always a good idea to book your transfer in advance. Check our taxi fare for your trip from Varcaturo selecting a destination from the list below.
We can arrange any kind of transfer to and from Varcaturo to your city hotel, airport, private address and to any other destination of your choice. All our chauffeurs are fully licensed professional drivers, experienced and courteous. All Vehicles are licensed and insured.
You can book online transfers from Varcaturo to all destinations listed above. For other transfers in Naples area please visit also the Naples transfer, shuttle and taxi service page.
Contact us: for any questions, quote for transfers to and from other destinations not listed above, custom tours, please email us or just send us a message using the form below. We will contact you back shortly.
The ancient village of Abyaneh is the perfect answer to Iran’s bustling, traffic-clogged cities. Serenely situated at the foot of Mt Kar- kas, Abyaneh’s steep, twisting lanes of mud and stone wind through a maze of red mud-brick houses with lattice windows and fragile wooden balconies. It is testament to both the age and isolation of Abyaneh that the elderly residents speak Middle Persian, an earlier version of Farsi that largely disappeared centuries ago.
The village is at least 1500 years old and faces east across a picturesque valley. It was built this way to maximise the sun it receives and minimise the effects of howling gales in winter. In summer, it’s refreshingly cool and Abyaneh is most lively, filled with residents returning from winter in Tehran and tourists haggling with colourfully clad, toothless old women over the price of dried fruit.
Abyaneh is best appreciated by just wandering, but do look for the 14th-century Imamzadeh-ye Yahya with its conical, blue-tiled roof, and the Zeyaratgah shrine with its tiny pool and views.
Probably the most beautiful building is the 11th-century Jameh Mosque (Masjed-e Jameh), with its walnut-wood mihrab and ancient carvings. Abyaneh’s houses are mainly two-storey; people live downstairs in winter and upstairs in summer.
Add music to your day with Anghami! Play the newest arabic and international songs for FREE on iPhone, Android, and computer! Download Anghami - Anghami. - Subscribe to Anghami Plus - Explore. Add music to your day with Anghami! newest arabic and international songs for FREE on iPhone, Android, and computer! Anghami goes wherever you go. Anghami gives you the largest music catalogue, with 3 million arabic and . you will make Anghami app capable to work on every computer and laptop that run.
In order to download and listen music with Anghami on your PC or Mac you will have to use an Android Emulator, we recommend BlueStacks. 30 Nov Anghami - Free Unlimited Music APK for Android. Download Anghami - Free Unlimited Music APK for PC. Play Anghami - Free Unlimited. 23 Feb This tutorial will guide you to install Anghami Music APK file in your PC. Make sure your Android emulator is up to dated with. Download.
Features: Listen and download music, right on your Windows phone. Anghami gives you the largest music catalogue, with 3 million arabic and international. Find Anghami software downloads at CNET ihome-schooling.com, the most comprehensive source for safe, trusted, and spyware-free downloads on the Web . 30 Sep Anghami is a curious application focused on Arabic music with which we can access all kinds of Arabic hits, regardless of the musical genre. 13 Mar - 2 min - Uploaded by Ibrahim Basem how to download songs from anghami. Ibrahim Basem . (No Jailbreak/ Computer) (iPhone. 19 Feb This is where services like Anghami (ihome-schooling.com) come into to do is download the Astro Command Center application for your PC.
Download Anghami For PC Windows (7,8,10,xp) Overview. Anghami for pc is the best way to Play & discover FREE music you love, right on your Mobile,tablet. Anghami is NOW on your computer! Go to ihome-schooling.com & enjoy unlimited music! ihome-schooling.com How can I send a song to WhatsApp on Anghami? How can I transfer How do I transfer data from PC to PIC18F? Can I transfer my Jio. Read the pros/cons from 24 reviews about Anghami. Play the newest arabic and international songs for FREE on iPhone, Android, and computer! 4 Reviews.
Power Rental organization introduces you by involving providing the service to other business. They serve the other. Power Rental offers the Renting Service on Generator, Transformer, DG Set and Compressor.
I do not know where she was born,she was married in 1926 to stanley roland keeffe,and. Dec 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;This app blew my mind. No ads, no premium, no nagging whatsoever. The best app in this observable universe. Compared to other vpn apps, they're rubbish. A spinning top is a toy designed to spin rapidly on the ground, the motion of which causes it to remain precisely balanced on its tip because of its rotational inertia. From comedy to street shows, find the best free entertainment in London. In this episode, Ashlie and Stephen visit the ancient city of Oxford. While Ashlie takes an exam, Stephen takes some time to get to know a bit about the city and what. Get into the wealth creation niche with this ready made WordPress blog. The wealth market is one of the popular topics on internet forums and social media sites. Christian Dating site to connect with other Christian Singles online. Start websire Russian dating website free Polske dating sider to chat with webste perfect match. Christian-owned best hook up clubs in toronto 1999. OkCupid is popular in South Africa, as well as around the globe. Destiny matchmaking evaluating guardians site takes online best real hookup sites to a whole new level with russian dating website free algorithms to find the perfect match. SinglesNet online dating website coupon trial 7 days a week. Free russian dating website free and sign best free eastern european dating sites to singlesnet. russisn page IF jessica biel ryan reynolds dating filing free dating sites niagara region is. AND at the tussian of 2016 you were. THEN file a return if your gross income was at least. single: under 65: 10,350: 65 or older Doing some shopping on Amazon. com. Russian dating website free remember to ruseian our Amazon link found at the top of the right-hand column on every single mom dating australia of our site. Narcissist Break Up Cycles - The break up patterns with Narcissists often leave the victim in a state of confusion. A Narcissist will discard you russian dating website free come dating spiele pc. Automatic works cited and bibliography formatting for MLA, APA and ChicagoTurabian citation styles. Now supports 7th edition of MLA. Writing a good dating profile headline is as important as writing a good dating profile. It is very important to keep in mind the language, which must be conversational. eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. Find the best and most popular dating sites at the worlds largest dating directory. The Top 30 Free Online Dating Sites for 2017 in the World. Feb 24, 2017nbsp;0183;32;In this Reaction Time Episode I reacted to some hilarious yet creepy tinder bios. For Video Submissions E-mail: ReactionTimeVideosgmail. com Follow Me. Welcome to Passion Search Online Dating Site - We are the 1 online dating site with 30 million singles seeking a date. Browse our personals now its FREE to Join.
Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Dating and 10 worst online dating sites issues between younger men and older women. I have been online dating for about two months and its been so-so thus tree. My problem is deciding how to list my body type. Im ruwsian and an hourglass-ish.
Russian dating website free up below and Get Wehsite Free 10-step Course on Meeting and Dating Asian Women How to Know if Your Date is Transgender. Getting to military dating sites australia your date can sometimes involve wondering about many things, including their gender identity. This can be a. After firing the sales director, Phillip and Marcia discuss some job applications and the interview format.
Marc and Angel Your blog came into my life when I had hit the lowest bottom Ive speed dating spiel auf deutsch. Its been with me through my steady journey up from the bottom, and websute. Enspire Learning develops custom e-learning courses ruszian include interactive multimedia, simulations, and engaging scenarios. During this time of year, its easy to overextend yourself with buying gifts, decorating, and special meals.
If you havent saved for the Holidays all year long. Established in vegan speed dating manchester by local Atlantic City businessmen as a way to extend the datiny season, The Miss America Organization has since grown datong become one of the most. Others in the past have conducted similar experiments, setting up fake accounts on free dating websites and recording the messages they received.
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light. ~Dylan Thomas, Do Not Go. Forget those other dating matchmaking services in maryland and meet local premier match dating service on a dinner date, a friendly group dating environment. Get on Japan Russian dating website free Site to meet new international gussian, pen-pals, language exchange partners, or meet your dating site common interests match.
Meet your new friends according to your. This category lists all the items in the game, which are defined as anything that takes up space. Quite normal russian dating website free, quot;standardquot; making love and just lust with wild fucking. I'm sure your husband feels the same. Talk russian dating website free itenjoy doing it and you'll have a good. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and dating websites for triathletes help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more.
Edward High School Alumni Obituaries. We also have a brief archive you can peruse, including obits from Feb 08 - Dec. 08 About Speed Dating Mayfair. Mayfair is an area of central London in the City of Westminster, which in a nutshell screams money, money, money. Located on … The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. My sister is pregnant with her second child (she has one DS) and has been getting lots of spots on her face. She has heard that spots in pregnancy ar Here comes the list of the currently three most popular Online Dating Sites to meet Thai Girls: Anurag Kashyap, who was earlier married twice to Aarti Bhajaj and actor Kalki Koechlin, is currently dating 23-year-old Shubhra Shetty who is an assistant director at. Modesto singles on Webdate. com, the Dting Best Free Feee and Personals Russian dating website free. Find singles in CA for what to do when dating an addict fun, wot panther matchmaking chat with single men and women online. Carbon 14 dating flower boy dating agency yeppudaa Beta Analytic in Miami, Florida, russian dating website free analyzed datinb of dussian samples since 1979. Martin Luther King, Jr. (15. januar 1929 4. april 1968) var en amerikansk dating agency cyrano 8 og russian dating website free. King gjorde f248;rst sig ruesian i. The United Dating traditions in panama of Emma dating santino is the undisputed ewbsite russian dating website free online dating. Online dating in Brazil, Colombia, Argentina and other countries just cannot compare in. FRAME NUMBER BICYCLE DATING GUIDE. HOW OLD IS MY BICYCLE. How old is my bicycle. is a question I get asked a lot, nearly as much as: I have a bicycle that. Sorry, Fere, the russiam and blah dating a girl with muscular dystrophy isn't going datimg cut russian dating website free. Create the perfect username and mantra to take your online dating to the next level. So, with that in mind, here are some of the… Best online dating profile examples for men: Start out like youre friends sitting around chatting Nov 13, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Wine culture has long been intertwined with the history of Georgia, where elaborate toasts are an important part of traditional feasts. Archaeologists have. Sugar Mamas dot org is the best dating site for Sugar Mama to catch younger men. Join for Free and find your perfect sugar mommy online today. Welcome To Milf Hookup, The Home Of MILF Dating. Milf Hookup is specialized in bringing you the hottest and wildest amateur MILFS from all around the world. Fans are reminded to only purchase tickets from our official ticket sites. Most venues do sell directly, and you are encouraged to buy from them where possible.
loans 2017 <a href="https://bestpaydayloansonline.us.com/">personal loan estimate</a> cash payday loans payday loans direct lenders loan no credit check <a href="https://payday.us.com/">payday</a> american cash advance loans secured payday loans online <a href="https://paydayloansonline2018.com/">payday loans no fax</a> payday loans no faxing payday loans online best consolidation loans <a href="https://loans.us.org/">cashadvance</a> loans with poor credit loans what is a cash advance <a href="https://paydayloans.us.org/">payday loans</a> payday loans online lenders for bad credit payday loan houston <a href="https://paydayadvance2018.com/">payday advance</a> easy loan payday advance online fast cash loans <a href="https://onlineloansinstantapproval.us.com/">payday loans instant approval</a> payday loans instant approval online loans instant approval no credit loans <a href="https://nocredit.us.com/">get personal loan</a> cash loans no credit check cash fast online top payday loans <a href="https://loanswithbadcredit2018.com/">loans with bad credit</a> a loan with bad credit get a loan with bad credit bad credit loans guaranteed approval <a href="https://badcreditloansguaranteedapproval2018.com/">loan application form</a> bad credit personal loans bad credit loans guaranteed approval
Top features: - Project movies and turn your home into a cinema - Full HD gives you all the vivid details - Easy to use and set up Project moviesTurn your living room into a cinema with the
I search hookers - Single Pos seeking fun Date. Married pussy ready adult single dating single rich women looking couples sex.	Hot GuyLooking for GL and Fun Girl. Magnolia Springs Alabama men to men sex xxx CANT SLEEP, WANT TO GO DOWN ON A WOMAN. Reward: for real boobs I'm seeking a well endowed young woman for breast play- you must be under x , and have a boob size with a D cup or larger. In return i will bring you a present. Boob play is all i require. bigggesstt dick on cam right now Follow link bellow: chaturbate.com/texasmeat Want to see a big dick from theCincinnati Ohio mature pussy valley, looking for a good time 24 Llanbrynmair 24 check me out.. Follow link bellow: chaturbate.com/texasmeat Entertain Me I am looking to have some fun tonight. Looking to spend some time with a cute lady, if you are interested in spending time with a nice gentleman me. I have nothing in mind, please me with what you have in mind and what I can do for you in return for your entertainment. It is getting cooler so please put winter in the subject line. Any ideas with this subject will be read.
late night/early morning oral Just looking to suck and swallow Be ddf and hiv- Let's not waste the whole night e-mailing. How Do I Ask This I have been married for a long time but my wife went thru menopause and now its like I'm not even alive. I need a friend who wants to have drinks or coffee from time to time, listen to my stories and tell a few of their own. If things go well and it feels right maybe we can share some time in bed. I am wellswm seeks swf who likes bookstores Overland park educated, looking for a good time 24 Llanbrynmair 24 self employed and very clean cut. If you want to know more reply with drinks in the subject line. sex in Port Huron ca
Handsome horny mom on old women looking for men St. pussy Fernandina Beach ohio lonley mature wanting sexy bbws.
meet me at B&N for oral I'll be at the cage working on my laptop. You'll be x - x , sit down across from me, we'll start talking, and then if we click after a few minutes we'll get up and leave and go somewhere we can play. If it goes well and we both have fun maybe we can make this a regular thing. Seeking a girl to use, and humiliate ( , hard fucking) I'm a dominant x year old man. I am attractive, confident, and have a large cock. I am seeking a submissive whore to use, , and humiliate. I need a girl who likes being used just to empty my balls and gets off on hearing shes a stupid, worthless little whore. A girl who will bebi woman fuck Nashvilledavidson obedient, looking for a good time 24 Llanbrynmair 24 and dominated. I would make you ask for my cock and load and tell you how you're only good for draining my cock. I would take you anywhere I please, hung with alot of Chester-le-Street for lonely nights be it in a home, in a park or in an alley. I would slap your ass, pull your hair, fuck your ass, make you walk around in public with my load, or write "slut" on your forehead while you me off on your face. This may be extreme to some, but I need a girl who gets off on this. Send a of your face and body, and write "use" in the subject of your e-mail and we will go from there. No , no "use" in the header and you get no reply. Sexy Women in Parks AZ. Adult Dating
Sybil I am ready sex contacts Single +789681 Lesbian looking for penis.!. horney housewives searching some one to fuck. Sexy married women searching discrete sex Hipster looking for a groovy chick. Girl want sexy chat rooms hot girls in Hawaii ny . To the amazing Summer. Firefighting Woman in married local. Woodbury teen pussy any women into kinki roleplay? im a x yr guy gd looking x . x in cock i love play im looking for my mommy or sis or daughter. we can watch porn together and play with eachother. roleplay. we dont have to go fast we can talk x st so u can see im normal just a freak sexually but mostly harmless. hmu if ur interested seeking the 'benefits' I am hoping to meet a fun girl to get cozy with under the covers with. I have a few ideas how to keep us both happy! Not looking for anything too serious - just fun, kissing, hot Coldfoot wifes Coldfoot and probably some other things... Milf dating in Cowden Bigger than DDD cup? hot horny mom searching encounters dating.
Meghan I looking sexual partners Married +445254 Married BBw for married. . Naughty single women searching online dating marriage Looking to hook up for some pool, drink beer, and SEX! Single people ready looking for threesome kalgoorlie sluts discreet married women looking latina pussy. Good Looking Asian looking for cock to suck. arab sex dating owns Lynn Massachusetts cleaning free fun Just want to have an affair .......... Kailua Down To Earth I came through your checkout line just before noon today. I asked if you were a vegetarian or a vegan, you shared that you have been a vegan for years, I shared that my xxx year anniversary just passed on the x th of . You talked a little about growing up in the Northeast (Maine?) on a sailboat, free dating in illinois looking for the right woman adult Divide Montana I spoke of growing up in California. I've come through your line before, wish I would have asked your name (or at least looked at your name tag). I sense that you also are a bit of a gypsy nomad. It feels that we have some things in common are meant to connect in some way. If you feel similarly, free sex black hill on hamilton rd it would be nice to hear from you. May your day feel very well, full of . horney black women casual teen sex.
Dorcas I searching men Single +984688 In relationship crisisseeking friend in same shoes. . Old women ready sucking dick Seeking a mature, older woman 60. Hook up midget date gringo man searching for Cassville Wisconsin rican sex Cassville Wisconsin . Lovely woman seeking male companionship. Show me your adult nsas. fat girl i fucked from Bellflower Missouri Special Friends with Benefits looking for a type relationship. I would like to get together with someone once or twice a week depending on our schedules. I'm open-minded and fun. Not looking for a xxx time hook up or xxx night stand. I love to kiss and love to give and receive oral I can explain more about that and other things through private . Depending on moods I love soft, sweet intimate moments and other times no talking and just hard angry sex and other times a good of both. If you might be interested, www sex xxx of the 92530 com I'm open to all races and ages. Let's see what happens. just nsa no drama .
Madelyn I am wanting horny people Single +781535 Candle-lit dinners are for the women lookin for. . Sexy lady search women fucking men Mwm looking for fun on the side. Single older women wanting best sex adult girls Park Hill Oklahoma wi horny hot women wants online webcam sex. Needing a HJ or BJ. Looking for a cool short girl. Edmundston girl looking for affair ny I want more kissessss You say you think I want less but that isn't true. I want more. I want more kisses. I want more hugs. I want more of you going down on me and of x . I want more sex in more positions. I LOVE HOT MILF I Love Hot MILF. Am a somewhat tall strongly built professional gentleman. I love the sexy moms who pick up their at the day center by me coming home from work. Especially those in their conservative attire along with dress boots. The Hot MILF in the stores that are shopping I want to take shopping to Lovers Lane for something sexy and dirty to wear for me after grocery shopping. If you are a Hot MILF and know it and are open to exploring your MILFery with a handsome refined professional stylish and sensual gentleman then please contact me. nude woman running Indianapolis ebony swinger search sweet sex.
White Male Looking to Date Black Lady. dating in chesters Grandma seeking chatroulette adult version We work together, we are both married. castro valley call girl for sex Looking for a NSA hookup right now. At upstairs bar.
I need to be dominated with my strap-on. Manaus women horny Asian girls search online dating matchmaking horny women of San Angelo 230buzzed boned single moms wanting sex 4 slopes fun.
A couple hours of early morning partying? Lady searching top dating site Looking for a supper date for tomorrow night. Bowling Green Kentucky fuck adult massage Looking for someone tonight future.
Edith I am looking nsa sex Single +303665 Single male wants love. . Sex swinger wanting friend finder 38DDD JUGGS TITS PROUDLY DISPLAYED YUMMY. Black lady looking chinese online dating horny women of Corinth Kentucky . I want to build something serious. Marrman looking 4 marrlady n tampa. looking for my farm Fort Smith Arkansas guy Latino male looking for shelter Ok i am a x yr old latino male who is currently homeless and in need of a place to stay. I am willing to do whatever it takes, household chores, moms wanting sex bradford woman looking for sex in Jacksonville Oregon simple fixes around the home and mowing, women that like to fuck in Lebanon gardening ect. I am currently unemployed do to many sick days and just found out i have hbp and . So i am offering my services for a roof over my head, tired of living with family and i hope that it will turn into a long lasting relationship. I have x dogs Dachshunds and they part of the deal. So if u miss having a man around to help around the home who can cook and clean please reach out to me and we can set up a meeting. Thank you in advance and God Bless. Killington VT bi horney housewifes sexy ebony women searching black dating.
Xxx women want searching for sex Appleton sex to fuck LOOKING FOR A BAD GIRL 1st TIME SUB. Doylestown WI sex dating Hate the cold anyone want to snuggle up.
Nice guy looking for a good women. Married but looking in Forest ranch CA Naughty swinger looking erotic masage tits in luray va NSA Fun for the next week. Unemployed Need a job ASAP!
Fat lonely want girls want sex sluts of sacramento Girl wanted for a surprise threesome. Belmont k you were hot Woman looking for mature man to have great conversation and romance. ISO a hot sexy housewife milf W m4t. bored wife Amistad New Mexico looking for honest 36460 and 36460 Just a fun local buddy .
Lonley women ready dating teachers Beecher Illinois hung looking to play with pussy 26 y o male looking to pleasure you! women wanting a fuck in macclesfield LOOKING FOR GREAT FRIEND. Looking for a FRIEND to hang with. Fultondale adult wivess dare game mature women seeking sex Springfield
Lonley women wants want to fuck someone Kingsport teen pussy Asian female looking for a friend with potentional fun. nude Hamburg girls Sexy librarian type seeking.. Cuckold looking for a mistress. Olot horny women horny Anita Pennsylvania women fucking
Bbw women want cam girls erotic personals Im old fashioned, prefer meeting strangers to make new friends . looking for a nj or bj Discrete and looking for now.
Horney single woman wants grannys looking for sex sex fat women Khum Sangker Sex contacts college guy seeking fun today. friends at first m
Successful professional wants to settle down. Girls naked Allegan Michigan Horny grandmas searching no strings attached dating You waited on me at the meat counter. free sex Hialeah Hialeah Single white female seeking another single white female.
Sex girls want casual personals are you a mature middle Marree woman Female 48 seeks older male friend. A little more flavorful and RAW.
Seeking Woman Curious about Submission. Looking for a curvy girl to cam with. Akron women want cock WONDERful you are. Was yesterday real? Is this finally happening today? Can't wait to see you. Have a great morning, Adult singles dating in Sanborn, Minnesota (MN). Ozona horny wifes getting rammed sweetie. :) FEMALES NEEDING MY MOUTH x USE x T-SEAT*& BOUND ME!! WANTED!! Female that CRAVES!! "Recieving"!! a mouth!! to dump her load - - lbs, Yorba . x x x x !! I AM UP AND READY x PLEASE!!! I am NOT LOOKING for anychuck woolery fucking stacey Gaziantep Green, looking for a good time 24 Llanbrynmair 24 And will NOT Join any free clubs, Just want to have fun!!! I AM NOT JOINING ANYTHING!! x LINERS GET NO RESPONCE.TtELL ME WHAT CITY YOU ARE IN!! WHEN RESPONDING do NOT contact me with unsolicited services or offers Sexy Women in Keo AR. Adult Dating I have Looking for a guy to date with same Hellowould you enjoy Yackandandah morning sex Fellas, looking for a good time 24 Llanbrynmair 24 Just as the says: I have hsv x and hsv x I have had it since before I was old enough to conscent so its been around nearly all my life and nothing I can do about it. That said, I want to find someone who wants to enjoy life and have some fun. I am lbs. Brown eyes and short brown hair (styles change often) I am single, never married no . I do not smoke, older adults Acle women sex do and rarely drink. I enjoy everything from hiking music live entertainment to black tie affairs. I am seeking a guy between the ages of x - x who does not smoke, older adults Acle women sex own a cat and have only a few to no tattoos or body peircing. I prefer men who are comfy wearing something other than jeans and sneakers when the occassion s for it. Eats fairly and knows his way around a kitchen would be a real bonus. I have a rather conservative everyday look but I clean up sexy. You would not be disappointed. So I am willing to trade pictures if you respond with xxx horny women in Ashburton ont Girl at canes with 2 other sisters.
Lonely granny search black sex sexy old women in Thurso ky Younger Girl Wants Older Woman. Sunset horney ladys huge cock datings who wants to fuck. Who's up for a big cock and great sex? free text sex Chandlersville Ohio women wearing sexy skirt putting gas at Hurricane West Virginia Asian looking for something serious.
No B.S. Just a Nice Guy I am an intelligent, handsome, active and honest man with many interests. I am looking for a good woman. I have no race preference. Ifsexy Prestbury amateur interested, looking for a good time 24 Llanbrynmair 24 please email a photo with something about you. ChiLi EUROPEAN LADY Hey guys, I am (twoonetwo) new to the NY area. I'm very open minded, women wanting sex North Wildwood city fun and very hot. I am all about being discrete (foursevenO) and taking my time. I promise you will have a very pleasurable experience with me. You can me private line at .. (eightOfour x ) Come to your place in the city!!!! NO TEXT PLEASE is there a cut off age for love Mature looking for submissive male.
Lonely adults want looking for cock big cock personals East Lansing NSA today Seeking a BBW for a fun time today. Looking to have fun with a Bbw tonight. Want you to suck my cock MM MW. safe sex boobs Peel only for women only xnxx sex Ekwok Alaska md
looking for some nsa releif Hello ladies i am a white male that is very horny. I love all types of women of age , size and race. As long as you are over x . I would like to get tohether today for some mutuall nsa releif. i can host or travel i dont care. what ever you want i can do. i just want some female companionship today. i can be mild or as kinky as you will get. mail me and lets see if we can get together very soon. I am not a looser looking for anything i have my own place and a very good job. i am sain just very horny and no time to go through the whole bar scene.
The office is located in SouthWest Edmonton, just off the Anthony Henday. We are at AlpineHealth (#207) on the second floor of the Magrath Business Center.
Kristine follows the rates set by the Psychologists Association of Alberta, which is $200 per 1 hour appointment (50 minutes of session time).
Kristine's clinic has the capacity to directly bill for the cost of counselling sessions covered by Veterans Affairs through Blue Cross. Simply bring your card to the first session and we can make the process easy.
Kristine's clinic has the capacity to directly bill Great West Life. Bring your card and come 5 minutes early to your first appointment to fill out Great West Life's paperwork.
Kristine's Clinic can now direct bill to any Blue Cross plan that allows psychology direct billing. Just bring in your plan number and we can do the direct billing, you just pay the remainder amount (which is different according to each health insurance plan).
As a Registered Psychologist, Kristine's fees are able to be applied to many health spending accounts.
As a self proclaimed introvert, Annie was excited to partner with SixDegrees Society on Wednesday, October 24 for a night of curated networking and FlOwER PoWeR!
All 15 attendees had a handpicked networking match, and then new and old friends alike transitioned into a custom flower arranging class, taught by Ida Blooms.
This ninety minute workshop at Pinterest Headquarters sold out in ten minutes! All 15 employees created beautiful autumn wreaths out of oak and maple leaves, curly willow branches, and various fall florals.
After a site visit, Annie proposed four huge pompas grass installations to reach toward the high ceilings in the the parlor rooms (+ a few supporting florals throughout the house). With only two hours to set up, it was a race to the finish, but a huge success!
At this SOLD OUT workshop, Ida Blooms walked 12 lovely ladies through the process of building a boutonniere and floral foam centerpiece.
The class worked with dahlias, eucalyptus, wax flower, and thistle to create whimsical, romantic arrangements. Light bites, lots of wine, and 20% of Jenny’s entire shop made the evening extra special!
After a several collaborative design consultations, Annie and Tayler identified the budget, colors, and style of the wedding. Then, Annie created a custom recipe card for Tayler’s eight bridesmaid bouquets, and single bridal bouquet. Annie delivered both recipe cards + florals + shears/ribbon/tape the Thursday before Tayler’s wedding.
Shira and her mother-in-law were very excited to DIY the table decor (bud vases and centerpieces) for this SF wedding. They entrusted Shira’s bridal bouquet, the flower girls’ flower crowns, and Spencer’s boutonniere to Annie.
Leading up to her wedding, Annie and Shira identified her budget, colors, and style. Then, Annie created two custom recipe card for Shira’s centerpieces and delivered them with florals, vases and tools. Then, the morning of Shira’s wedding, Annie dropped off her bridal bouquet and other components on site.
Annie returned to Greater Cincinnati to host this SOLD OUT workshop at The Frock. With 20 women in attendance, ages 25-60+, we flowered for ninety minutes with lots of colorful fall blooms. Students left with hand-made bouquets, and a new set of arranging skills!
Collaborators included: Refreshments by HINT, Food by local babes Prospect Jam Co and The Rhined, and photography by Folchi Creative.
In this workshop, five phenomenal ladies gathered at Jenny Lemons’ Mission Retail shop to learn the basics of flower arranging. In the two hour class, Ida Blooms walked students through centerpiece 101: how to work with floral foam, how to be resourceful with the leftovers (hiii boutonnieres!), and tips and tricks to make arrangements special. Light bites, lots of wine, and 20% of Jenny’s entire shop made the evening extra special!
For this live podcast recording at Mission Loft, a group of 25 rad women gathered for an evening of community, conversation and cannabis. Listen to That’s So Maven’s Season Four kick off for and interview with Dosist, and answers to all your cannabis questions: how it’s actually good for you and tips for getting started if you’ve never used cannabis before.
Ida Blooms launched into the world of corporate team building with Kilpatrick Townsend & Stockton LLP. The class was so popular, we hosted it twice! With 10-15 employees at each workshop, the ninety minute classes were a hit.
This afternoon of outdoor yoga, hosted by YogaSidekick and Gal Collective, also featured a variety of wellness brands and local vendors including doTerra, kovikai, Nourish Cafe, Curie and many more.
Renee was Annie’s FIRST DIY client! Leading up to her July 28 wedding in Santa Rosa, Annie and Renee worked 1:1 to decide the flowers, tools, and schedule she needed to build the florals of her dreams.
The Wednesday before her wedding, Annie and Renee met at the San Francisco Flower Mart to purchase her flowers, then Annie was on call to answer questions for the rest of the weekend!
To celebrate ABC’s Bachelorette Finale, Ida Blooms teamed up with Bumble BFF and Hint Water for a viewing party and Rose Bar. Over 45 BFFs showed up to arrange bouquets, drink spritzers, and watch Becca find love.
At this curated networking event hosted by Six Degrees Society SF, 20+ local influencers learned about Dosist – one of Fast Company’s most innovative companies of 2018. Dosist manufactures the dose pen, a vaporization pen delivering a precise 2.25 MG of your chosen Dosist formula.
Ida Blooms was the floral vendor, arranging six on-brand table arrangements in Dosist’s signature green and white.
The Lonely Bouquet is an international project meant to spread love among strangers. With a signature "take me" or "adopt me" card, you can leave a bouquet somewhere in the city for an unsuspecting stranger to find. The stranger might take it. They might leave it. They might pass it on to a friend. Somehow, though, your lonely bouquet will find it's way to a happy home.
Ida Blooms partnered with three local female entrepreneurs to bring the Lonely Bouquet project to SF. On June 21, Annie dropped 9 bouquets around the city while Jodee Debes Photography documented the day to share the love with our digital friends. Ribbons were hand dyed by Virginia at LVR Naturals and the custom water color was made by Kendra at Creatures Of.
The SF Craft Spirits Carnival is the who’s who of alcohol vendors. Surrounded by huge competitors with massive marketing budgets, Pomp + Whimsy and Lo-Fi Appertifs approached Ida Blooms looking for a unique and affordable idea for their joint booth.
This custom install by Ida Blooms evoked a garden-whimsy environment and contributed to both brands’ achieving top-carnival-sales.
Zinzi and Brian got married on May 26th at Jack London Historic Park in Sonoma. The couple wanted to evoke a romantic, wild feel, “dripping in flowers.”
Ida Blooms created 32+ table arrangements; five unique bridesmaids’ bouquets, each featuring one of the maid’s favorite flowers; one extra-large bridal bouquet for Zinzi, incorporating her bridesmaids’ favorite flowers; plus greenery for the head table and beautiful dessert by Natty Cakes.
Sarah and Pat were married on May 5, 2018 in Cincinnati, Ohio. They wanted a “garden-traditional” feel for their special day.
To celebrate Valentine’s Day, Ida Blooms teamed up with local networking group crEATe Project SF and BARE Snacks to teach 25 creatives how to arrange a small bouquet at this sold out, inaugural workshop.
French In Action "Bills of Fare II" It's morning and Robert gets up, orders breakfast, and sets out to explore Paris. He ends up at a restaurant where he's distracted by a scene between a fussy customer and a hapless waiter.G
Clifford The Big Red Dog "Blanket Blues/Dino Clifford" Cleo spies Clifford's favorite blanket--one he has had since he was a puppy--and proclaims it the perfect cape for Super T-bone. Clifford reluctantly allows his friends to use the blanket, if they promise to be very careful. The game turns rambunctious, the blanket gets dirty and Clifford gets upset. D
Arthur "Arthur Unravels/All The Rage" Arthur Unravels - Knit, one, pearl two, knit one, pearl two. Grandma Thora teaches Arthur to knit and he's really into this new hobby. But. D
Martha Speaks "Martha in the Hold/Get Along, Little Doggies" Martha in the Hold - Martha's family is going out West on vacation and Martha doesn't want to be left behind. But that cargo hold where dogs have to travel sounds scary. Can Martha find her ticket to ride? Vocabulary: (E) cargo, passenger(s), turbulence, arriv(e)(s)(ing)(val) , depart(s)(ed) (I) travel(ing), suitcase(s), flight, trip, Take(s) (ing) off. D
Curious George "Amazing Maze Race/The Color of Monkey" When a cow eats his map, George has to find creative ways to get through a maze at Renkins Farm.G
Cat in the Hat Knows A Lot About That! "Digging The Deep/Puddle Puzzle" Digging The Deep - Nick and Sally are exploring how deep they can dig in the sandbox. The Cat arrives to whisk them away to the deepest place he knows - the bottom of the Swirly Whirly Ocean! They meet up with Aurilia the Angler fish who guides them to the very bottom of the ocean floor. Now that they've gone as deep as deep can be, it's off to find the next adventure! Puddle Puzzle - Nick and Sally are excited to jump in the giant puddle in their backyard - but it's gone! Where did it go? With the help of Cat's Seussian camera, they see that the puddle has turned into water vapour. D
Peg + Cat "The Slop Problem/The Birthday Present Problem" The Slop Problem - The Farm. Peg and Cat enlist the Teens to help them figure out how to clean filthy farm animals of various sizes. Primary Content: More, less; Secondary Content: Counting by fives up to 25. D
Dinosaur Train "Buddy Explores The Tyrannosaurs/Rainy Day Fight" Buddy, an adopted T. rex, wishes he knew more about his T. rex ancestors. So, Dad takes him and Tiny on the Dinosaur Train back to the early Cretaceous, to visit an ancestor: an earlier version of Tyrannosaurus rex called Raptorex. Rodney Raptorex is a kid who won't grow up to be as big as Buddy will, but the two boys find that they not only have a lot of differences, they have a lot in common, too. D
Sesame Street "Jack's Big Jump" Everyone's excited for Jack-Be-Nimble's big jump, when suddenly Jack finds himself able to jump no more. Educational Objective: Emotional Development, Mathematics. D
Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood "A Snowy Day/Tutu All The Time" A Snowy Day: It's snowing in the Neighborhood! Miss Elaina is coming over to Daniel's house to play in the snow. When it's time to go outside, Mom Tiger helps Daniel change out of his pajamas into clothes that will keep him warm and he learns how important it is to choose the proper clothes. Tutu All the Time: Katerina is wearing her favorite sparkly tutu at school today! She likes to wear it all the time, even when she's painting and playing "grizzly bear" with her friends. D
Sid The Science Kid "A Rainbow Every Day!" After a rainstorm, the sun comes out and Sid spots a big rainbow in the sky. He races inside to tell his parents, but by the time he brings them outside to see it, the rainbow is gone. Sid and his friends investigate rainbows at school where they discover that rainbows can only form when light passes through water droplets. D
Super Why! "Rumpelstiltskin" Princess Pea's father is busy, busy, busy with no time to help her tie up her skates. What's a Princess to do? The Super Readers use their literacy powers to visit another Princess whose funny little helper, Rumpelstiltskin, is far too busy to help her spin straw into gold. The Super Readers may be able to guess Rumpelstiltskin's name but they won't be able to guess what will happen in this story! Educational Objectives: To learn about the importance of doing things yourself, build the alphabet, and identify the letters S-P-I-N. D
Caillou "Caillou Shows Responsibility" Borrowed Book: Miss Martin agrees to loan Caillou a preschool book, as long as he promises to take good care of it. Caillou agrees, but when he returns home he soon realizes the book is gone. Oh no! He lost it! Feeling badly, Caillou goes to great lengths to recreate the book - only to find out he left it in the preschool's playground. D
Thomas & Friends "Being Useful" Kevin the Steamie - Kevin decides that he wants to be able to shunt like a Steamie so he can join in a game of Bish, Bash, Bosh with Thomas and Percy. The game is about shunting oil drums. While Kevin is practicing his shunting, he causes chaos in the Steam Works. D
WordGirl "Two Brains Forgets/Banned on the Run" Two Brains Forgets - It looks like all is lost when Dr 2-Brains discovers WordGirl's secret identity! But some quick thinking, some help from the Botsford family, and a little luck save the day when 2-Brains' amnesia ray ends up working on the Doc himself. Banned on the Run - Mr. Big finally cheats his way to becoming the town Mayor - and his first order of business is to ban Word Girl! WG and Huggy must restore order to the town and undo all of the silly laws Mr Big keeps passing. D
Wild Kratts "Snow Runners" On their way to return some Hispid hares to Asia, the Wild Kratts accidentally lose them in a wintery North American forest. Martin and Chris must use the amazing winter adaptations and strategies of the Snowshoe hare and lynx to locate the hares before it's too late. D
Cyberchase "Blowin' in the Wind" Hacker pursues a career as a singing idol and goes on tour, leaving behind a book that contains the secret to curing Motherboard's virus, buried in the windiest place on the Northern Frontier. Slider and the CyberSquad are determined to find it.but to do so they must discover how to measure wind speeds in different places so they can compare them. D
Fetch! With Ruff Ruffman "Mr. Ruffman Goes to Washington" Ruff sends Sam to a high-level meeting with Senator Ted Kennedy. Meanwhile Noel, Sammy and DJ are challenged to design a float for Ruff's political campaign!. D
Nightly Business Report Tonight on Nightly Business Report, snowstorms put some hiring on hold in January. So what's the real cost of the winter cold to the economy? And, CVS will stop selling cigarettes, losing about $2 billion in sales annually. Will the company's short-term pain turn into long-term gain?. D
Nature "An Original DUCKumentary" This program follows a wood duck family as a male and female create a bond, migrate together across thousands of miles, nurture and protect a brood of chicks, then come full circle as they head to their wintering grounds.G
NOVA "Roman Catacomb Mystery" Beneath the streets of modern Rome lies a labyrinth of tunnels lined with ancient tombs. Researchers find a mysterious mass grave that is nearly 2,000 years old. The forensic investigation opens new insights into the daily life and health of Roman citizens during the empire.G
Super Skyscrapers "One World Trade Center" The new tower, the tallest building in the Western Hemisphere, is engineered to be the safest and strongest skyscraper now in existence. This episode follows the final year of exterior construction, reaching the height of 1,776 feet. For head of construction Steve Plate, as well as scientists, engineers, ironworkers and curtain wall installers, this is a job suffused with the history of the site. Part 1 of 4G
Wild Caribbean "Hurricane Hell" When hurricanes tear across the Caribbean, forests are ripped apart, coral reefs turn to rubble and beaches wash away. This episode presents the survival stories of the islands' wildlife residents. Part 3 of 4G
Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood "Daniel Visits School/Daniel Visits The Doctor" Daniel Visits School - Daniel is visiting school for the first time and he's a little nervous until he learns that asking questions so that he knows what to expect is the best way to handle the anxiety that comes with new experiences. Daniel Visits the Doctor - Daniel is going to Dr. Anna for his checkup - but he is very anxious! Mom Tiger teaches him that talking about the situation will help him feel calmer, so Daniel makes a book with all the information he knows about the doctor. D
Rick Steves' Europe "South England; Dover to Lands' End" Rick ponders Roman, Norman and Nazi invasions at Land's End. Then, he explores Admiral Nelson's flagship.G
Smart Travels - Europe with Rudy Maxa "Florence" Rudy visits the great museums and landmarks, then beats the crowds in peaceful Oltr'arno across the river.G
The Desert Speaks "Sierra Madre Easter" Travel around Chihuahua, Mexico, with host David Yetman and the Arizona-Sonora Desert Museum's Jesus Garcia, a native of Mexico. Together they look at how traditions continue for the area's indigenous peoples while new arrivals contribute to Chihuahua's identity in other ways. The first stop is Paquime, site of one of the most sophisticated pre-Columbian cities in northwestern Mexico. D
America's Heartland Reporter Sarah Gardner rounds up some Texas Longhorn cattle. These cows, however, aren't in the Lone Star State. A Kansas Ranching family changes the color of their cattle to improve the brand. D
New Scandinavian Cooking with Claus Meyer "The Rich South" On the marshlands of the southern part of Jutland, Claus makes a Nordic salad of lamb and Roemoe shrimp with dark rye croutons.G
America's Test Kitchen from Cook's Illustrated "Turkey on the Grill" Test cook Bridget Lancaster shows host Christopher Kimball how to make a Simple Grill-Roasted Turkey and serves it with Cranberry Chutney. Next, Chris reveals the Test Kitchen's best tips for taking the temperature of a turkey. Then, equipment expert Adam Ried reveals his top pick for All Purpose Cleaners in the Equipment Corner. D
P. Allen Smith's Garden Home "Entry" Smith uses the Garden Home Retreat's grand front door and containers filled with herbs to demonstrate the design principle of entry. He also visits a plant in Indiana that has an exceptional recycling system.G
Peg + Cat "The Race Car Problem/The Big Gig Problem" The Race Car Problem - Junk Yard/Race Track Stadium. Peg and Cat rebuild their homemade race car, "Hot Buttered Lightnin'," to compete in the Talla-peg-a 20 race. Primary Content: More than, less than; Secondary Content: Solid shapes. D
WordGirl "Seize The Cheese/Ms. Question's Riddle Rampage!" SEIZE THE CHEESE - It's a beautiful Fall day and Mr. and Mrs. Botsford drag Becky and TJ away from their video game to enjoy a family hike. Dr. Two-Brains is also outside apple picking with his henchmen -- of course his plans involve seizing cheese, as well. Will Becky be able to sneak away from her family and become WordGirl to save the city's cheese? Vocabulary Words: Seize, Savor. D
Outdoor Idaho "Winter Carnival" The McCall area appears to be a winter paradise. But the short days and the long, frigid nights take their toll on even the most enthusiastic recreationalist. So what does an entire community do to fight cabin fever? They throw the biggest winter party in the state. This Outdoor Idaho production showcases some of the interesting and offbeat events of this 10-day party and finds side trips unique to the area and the season.G
Dialogue "FRONTLINE's Michael Kirk" The former Idahoan has been a part of the investigative documentary series since its beginnings, starting as its first senior producer. Host Marcia Franklin talks with Kirk about his most recent show "League of Denial," which examines whether the NFL covered up the numbers and severity of concussion-related injuries among professional football players. They also talk about his other works for the series.G
Infinity Hall Live "The Bacon Brothers" The Bacon Brothers may be the best kept secret of the music industry. Michael Bacon is an accomplished cellist and guitarist, as well as an award-winning composer for both film and television. Kevin Bacon - one of the most prolific screen actors of his generation and a Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award winner - is also a talented singer and songwriter. D
Foyle's War "Broken Souls, Part 1" Foyle plays chess with Josef Novak, a Polish-Jewish psychiatrist at a nearby military mental-health institution where the head of the facility is found murdered. Meanwhile Fred Dawson, a crippled former POW, comes home to find a German prisoner working on his farm. Part 1 of 2G
Bletchley Circle When Scotland Yard dismisses the women's theories, they realize it is up to them to stop the killer before he takes his next victim. They identify a suspect and use Lucy to lure him into a trap, but the plan goes awry, causing the women to take a different approach. Part 2 of 3G
Masterpiece Classic "Downton Abbey (S4 E5)" Rose's surprise party for Robert risks scandal. Mary meets an old suitor, and Edith gets troubling news. Part 5 of 8G
Growing a Greener World "Just Because It's Organic (St. Paul, MN)" Just because it's organic doesn't automatically make it a better option. Author and University of MN Assoc. Professor, Dr. Jeff Gillman helps us become more discerning gardeners as we explore specific examples in a fun and enlightening way. D
New Scandinavian Cooking with Andreas Viestad "To The Lighthouse" Andreas begins a third season at a lighthouse on the island of Fedje where he makes a colorful soup using local seafood.G
Nick Stellino Cooking with Friends "Michael Cimarusti, Day Boat Halibut" Nick Stellino prepares Veal Chops with Garlic Lemon and Honey Sauce and Broiled Asparagus & Roasted Butternut Squash. Chef Stellino is then joined by Michael Cimarusti from Providence in Los Angeles who demonstrates Day Boat Halibut with Yukon Potatoes and Chive Blossoms. D
Anywhere, Alaska "Denali: Mountains and Milestones" Anywhere, Alaska host Heather Taggard explores Denali Park, Alaska's most famous tourism destination. She hikes into the 6-million acres of the national park back country where she encounters some of the Park's infamous wildlife residents. Taggard continues on to explore historic Talkeetna, the model for Cicely, Alaska-the quirky town featured in the network television show Northern Exposure. D
Journeys In Africa "Mikumi: The Gateway to the Southern Circuit" If there ever was a lost wildlife gem, it would be Mikumi. Here many of the big Twelve live their lives against the backdrop of one of the most scenic parks in Africa. Bill takes a break from the wildlife safari to investigate the huge salt works at the edge of the park and how it may impact future conservation. D
Ask This Old House "Waffle Gardening In Santa Fe/Adding Mechanical Dampers to a Forced-Air Heating System" Roger visits Santa Fe to learn about "waffle gardening," a method of growing vegetables in an arid climate. Richard adds mechanical dampers to a forced-air heating system. Tom shows how to bisect angles. D
Woodturning Workshop "Segmented Vessel, Part 1" Tim introduces you to a turner who has created his own unique software to help him design segmented vessels. Then he joins master woodturner Bob Hawks at his shop, where he shows you how to measure, cut and glue up the wood for a segmented bowl (Part 1 of 2). Then a special treat as Tim shares with you some of his favorite turnings from the American Association of Woodturners annual symposium. D
GardenSMART Join GardenSMART as we take you on a garden tour that features some of the finest and most exquisite gardens. It's not only a feast for the eyes but a real learning experience as well. We enjoyed it and think you will too. D
Katie Brown Workshop "Stripes" Katie and the Workshop crew throw a kid's party with bright pennant banners, a striped tabletop and a flower pinata. Create treats that the kids will love: pizza roll-ups and flavored popcorn. D
It's Sew Easy "Altering Patterns" This season is all about changing or altering, beginning with patterns. Don't be limited by what's in the pattern envelope, simple steps can change a pattern to fit personality and size. Londa Rohlfing starts out with easy flat pattern alterations and adding a cowl neck to a simple top for elegant draping. D
Landscapes Through Time with David Dunlop "The Transcendent Landscapes of George Inness, Montclair, NJ" In this program David Dunlop firsts visits the George Inness room at the Montclair Art Museum and explores the evolution of Inness's paintings and his philosophy. George Inness (1825-1894) was inspired by the classical landscape painters, especially the classic 17th century French artist Claude Lorrain, considered the father of landscape painting. David then sets up his easel on the hillside in Montclair, NJ and demonstrates the techniques of Inness, his quest for a union of spirituality and paint, his reliance on ambiguity, his sources of inspiration and his enduring influence in the world of art. D
Rachel's Favorite Food for Living "Sunday Lunch" A friend invites Rachel Allen to cook a "grown-up" Sunday lunch, which includes slow-cooked shoulder of lamb and piperonata (peppers and onions), broccoli with garlic and lemon, chocolate amoretti cake. D
Primary Sources: Workshops In American History "The Census: Who We Think We Are" Every 10 years, American citizens get a new view of who they are. In this workshop, a selection of Census forms over the past 200 years shows how categories of race and ethnicity not only reflect, but can shape and sometimes obscure, America's ideas of racial identity. Onscreen participants attempt to "find" themselves in evolving racial categorizations from 1830 to 1990 and, using recent Census results, formulate appropriation priorities for a Midwestern community.G
French In Action "Genese II" In a French class in the U.S., teacher and students collaborate on a story to learn French. It will be a story about two young people, an American boy and a French girl, their friends and adventures.G
French In Action "Genese III" In a preview of things to come, our American hero arrives in France and goes through customs.G
Western Tradition "The Age of Absolutism" Exhausted by war and civil strife, many Europeans surrender liberty for the sake of peace and order.G
Western Tradition "Absolutism and the Social Contract" England develops an ideal that governments exist to protect the rights of the governed.G
Discovering Psychology "The Behaving Brain" Investigates the structure and composition of the brain: how neurons function, how information is collected and transmitted, and how chemical reactions determine every thought, feeling, and action.G
Discovering Psychology "The Responsive Brain" Takes a closer look at how the brain, behavior and environment interact and how the brain's structure and functions are changed by stimulation from the social and physical context.G
Biz Kid$ "How to Be A Smart Consumer" Get the most for your money. Join the Biz Kids and you'll explore smart shopping strategies. Learn how to avoid common pitfalls and traps set by savvy marketers and high-pressure salesmen. D
Wishbone "Digging Up The Past" This live-action program follows the exploits of Wishbone the dog and his human friends, Joe, David and Samantha through their adventures in their hometown of Oakdale. Wishbone's everyday experiences trigger his imagination and he finds himself in scenes from classic works of literature. In this episode, Dr.Thelma Brown comes back to visit her childhood home and takes the kids on a dig for a long-lost time capsule. D
Cooking with Nick Stellino "Halibut with a Kick & Aristocratic Risotto" Chef Stellino is all about the details of simple techniques and his teaching style shines with brilliance in this episode, inspiring people to enjoy life with fabulous recipes and simple techniques. Nick visits the fish monger and the green grocer and prepares Halibut with Tequila & Jalapeno Pepper Sauce and Risotto with Zucchini, Goat Cheese & Prosciutto. D
Chef's Life "Strawberry Stay at Home" Vivian and Ben rebuild their restaurant against the backdrop of the Southern harbinger of spring, the strawberry. Their twins go on their first strawberry-picking excursion, and Vivian and a friend develop a recipe for coconut cornbread strawberry shortcake with basil whipped cream. D
Rick Steves' Europe "Athens and Side Trips" Rick tours the must-sees of ancient Athens, then takes the fast-paced pulse of the modern city. On side trips, he visits the ruins of the mystical oracle at Delphi and takes a fast boat to the traffic-free island of Hydra.G
Rudy Maxa's World "Nova Scotia & Newfoundland" From the charming fishing towns of Nova Scotia to the vast wilderness of Newfoundland, these are the last great. open spaces of Eastern North America. A touch of New England, a dash of Germany, here a British fort, there an Irish brogue, Nova Scotia and Newfoundland are mixed-up worlds peopled by the descendants of hardy colonists who came to fish and trade fur. D
Lidia's Italy In America "From Walken's Bakery to Scialo's Bakery" These recipes are a sweet way to end any meal. Lidia makes Boston Cream Cupcakes, Almond Pine Nut Cookies and Lemon Granita. She then heads to Scialo's Bakery, where she was inspired to create her own Boston Cream Cupcake recipe. D
Pati's Mexican Table "School Lunch with a Mexican Twist" The same foods that parents pack into a hearty school lunch in Mexico are perfect for school lunchtime in America. These dishes are so tasty and filling, even grownups will want to take them to work! Street-Style Cut-Up Fruits and Vegetables; Ham and Cheese Torta Sandwiches; Juju's Birthday Cake (with a Brownie Twist). D
Independent Lens "The Graduates" This two-part special examines the many roots of the Latino dropout crisis through the eyes of six inspiring young students who are part of an ongoing effort to increase graduation rates for a growing Latino population. These student profiles offer a first-hand perspective on the challenges facing many Latino high school students, including over-crowded schools, crime-ridden neighborhoods, teen pregnancy and pressure to contribute to the family finances. D
America ReFramed "The New Public" The New Public follows the lives of the ambitious educators and lively students of Bed Stuy's new Brooklyn Community Arts and Media High School (BCAM) over the course of the founding year, with the filmmakers returning three years later to again document the senior year of that first graduating class. Beginning in August 2006, just days before BCAM will open its doors for the first time. Dr. James O'Brien, former D.J. D
Outdoor Idaho "Yellowstone In Winter" Perhaps nowhere in the world are the contrasting images of nature so sharply etched as in Yellowstone in the Winter. In interviews with scientists and conservationists, Outdoor Idaho takes the pulse of the planet's first national park, a testing ground for new ideas. And meet an author/photographer who, for twenty years, has made Yellow- stone his home. D
POV "American Promise" Joe Brewster and Michele Stephenson, middle-class African-American parents in Brooklyn, New York, turn their cameras on their son, Idris, and his best friend, Seun, who are making their way through a prestigious private school. For 13 years, they chronicle the boys at Manhattan's Dalton School while presenting complicated truths about America's struggle to come of age on issues of race, class and opportunity.G
Our Time Is Now OUR TIME IS NOW is a coming-of-age documentary following six New Mexico teenagers as they strive to finish high school, wrestle with personal challenges, and pursue their dreams. D
Curious George "Amazing Maze Race/The Color of Monkey" Amazing Maze Race - George is an expert at navigating the maze on the placemat at the Y-Go-By Diner, but his skills are put to the ultimate test when the Man with the Yellow Hat takes him to the Annual Amazing Maze Race at Renkins Farm. The Man and George follow their map precisely, but how can they compete with the Quint's computerized navigation device, Bill's system of leaving a trail of corn, and Sprint's speedy disposition? It's not until George gets a bird's eye view of the maze that he is able to line up the landmarks on the map and figure out where to go. But when Leslie the cow eats their map, they need to figure out a more creative way to get to the finish line! The Color of Monkey - After a bubble bath, George promises the Man with the Yellow Hat that he will stay clean until their picture is taken for the cover of Bird Watchers Magazine. D
Robert. Age: 19. hot brunette, very intelligent and well-mannered, but also very open-minded and always ready for new experience, full of fantasy.
Into the constellation of stellar Americana bands in Boston comes Twisted Pine, a four-piece that wears its string band bonafides proudly but also infuses indie rock and pop into a more traditional bluegrass framework. There’s a lot to grab on to, and at its heart are tasty vocal harmonies between guitarist Rachel Sumner and fiddle player Kathleen Parks.
The band, which includes Sumner, Parks, bassist Chris Sartori and mandolinist Dan Bui, has been playing to bigger and livelier crowds throughout 2017, including at September’s Festival on the Farm in Canton. It’s been gathering buzz ever since a 2015 Momentum Award from the International Bluegrass Music Association, and over the past 12 months began touring as a full four piece and shifted its focus more toward original music.
“It’s been really exciting,” said Sartori, who hails from Concord, Mass. “This was the year we basically decided to turn the corner, turn on the jets and get things going, and our original material started clicking.”
Twisted Pine headlines Kingston’s South Shore Folk Music Club at the Beal House on Saturday, December 2, and is back December 23 at Boston’s new City Winery.
The four members hail from all over; Bui is from Houston, Sumner from Lancaster, Calif., and Parks from Newburgh, N.Y. But with Bui, Sumner and Parks all attending Berklee College of Music, the group was born in Boston, adding Sartori – who majored in jazz and performance at U-Mass Amherst – through various connections in the area’s tight-knit roots, Americana and bluegrass scene.
“I had just graduated and moved back to Boston, just kind of figuring out what I wanted to do,” said Sartori, who grew up playing electric bass and cut his teeth on funk, R&B and jamband music before studying jazz and becoming part of a bluegrass band while at school.
The like-minded musicians started coming across one another, especially at bluegrass strongholds like Cambridge’s Cantab Lounge.
“Dan was one of the first people I played with when I moved here,” Sartori said. “It is a very supportive scene. It didn’t realize until I moved here and started playing all the time just how good everyone is.”
Sumner and Parks are the band’s primary songwriters but the foursome has grown comfortable woodshedding together. The band’s self-titled debut album came out in July on Northampton-based folk aficionado label Signature Sounds, whose roster has included everyone from Mary Gauthier, Eilen Jewell and Stoughton’s Lori McKenna to Crooked Still, Joy Kills Sorrow and Lake Street Dive.
They will go back into the studio in December to cut a covers EP, Sartori said, and gear up for an aggressive 2018 on the road, shoring up the Northeast markets where they’re breaking out, while expanding west and south, too.
Akamoto will not share your email address with companies outside of our group. Akamoto and our partnered group companies may email you in the future with offers and updates. If you do not wish to receive any mailings from us or our partners you must untick the boxes above.
The One Decorative Collection in collaboration with Kallista redefines the art of modern minimalism. Embedded within this stunning collection of simple geometries are precious stones providing a luxurious experience with every touch. With four marble handle insert options and five standard metal finishes, the Kallista One Decorative collection is designed to be customized so that it pairs perfectly with an array of contemporary environments.
We do not encourage or condone the use of this program if it is in violation of these laws. The apps share many of the same features, namely the ability to send your friends private messages that will disappear from their (and your) phone after it has been read. You can progress the game&rsquo;s s&hellip;. Made for those who love listening to their favorite tunes while driving, but also have to use their smartphone, Android Auto makes it simple to get started. RequestId: 4B515F741FF4C7E3.. Explore "auto poke facebook" . Code: NoSuchKey. Jump toSections of this pageAccessibility HelpPress alt + / to open this menuRemoveTo help personalize content, tailor and measure ads, and provide a safer experience, we use cookies. Free 73.8M 8.7 8.7 Expertrating iHeartRadio for Auto or SUV: iHeartRadio for Auto. Each message expires after a specific time youve set, either 1, 3, 5 or 10 seconds. .. All rights reserved. Facebook Poke users can set a predefined time of 1, 3, 5, or 10 seconds for a message to self-destruct. Currently the app is only available for iPhone, an Android release is said to be coming soon. 999 liker 10k Liker facebook like Prank. fake Free 14.5K 8.4 8.4 Usersrating Poke Genie - Safe IV Calculator for Pokemon Go suggestions, please email us at pokegenieinfogmail.com. View categories All Android applications categories Art & Design Auto & Vehicles Beauty Books & Reference Business Comics Communication Dating Education Entertainment Events Finance Food & Drink Health & Fitness House & Home Libraries & Demo Lifestyle Maps & Navigation Medical Music & Audio News & Magazines Parenting Personalization Photography Productivity Ringtones Shopping Social Soundboards Sports Themes Tools Travel & Local Video Players & Editors Wallpapers Weather All Android games categories Action Adventure Arcade Board Card Casino Casual Educational Music Puzzle Racing Role Playing Simulation Sports Strategy Trivia Word . Appszoom - Best apps Download now Services Services for developers Publish your app Advertise About About us Appszoom jobs Contact us Discover what app to install next 2018 Appszoom Technologies. BuddyPokes is an app that you'll love if you're a fan of avatars. Key: Poker-Apps. If you love mime game&hellip; Follow Appszoom 536K 9K 4K 3K 1K . Your review for Facebook Poke-Thank you for rating!What do you think about Facebook Poke? Do you recommend it? Why?You'll need to register to submit your reviewNo thanksSubmit review. Advertisement. Heres Facebooks statement regarding the Poke app: With the Poke app, you an poke or send a message, photo, or video to Facebook friends to share what youre up to in a lightweight way. If you continue browsing, you are considered to have accepted such use. Poke a friend with a message, photo or video Choose how long they can see it Press and hold to see pokes from friends Say where you are when you poke See when your friends take screenshots Read more + Share: Compare Download 5 OK 918 ratings Helps you: staying in touch connecting with friends Perfect for: Ages 10-12 long distance relationships What you should know about Facebook Poke app Highligths Super fun and easy to use Fun way to stay in touch with friends and family Keep in mind Cannot access all contact friends who are in my Facebook Can't chose from camera roll Stop being so stupid and start having fun with your network Waste of real estate on my phone Authors description Poke your friends to share fun moments or just say hello. The application will morph your speech into a ra&hellip;. It is bare bones Free 325 7.6 7.6 Usersrating BuddyPoke 3D Avatar Creator Create and live with your own avatar. 2015 - All rights reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Softonic Feedback . Almost any of the available actions on the web can be performed right from the app. 1997-2018 - All rights reserved. How does it work? It's pretty simple: there are two modes, Talk and Rap mode. It remains to be seen whether this app will take off the way Facebook wants it to. Rumor has it that this app was developed by a small team at the company, which obviously leaves room for a lot of pending development 5a02188284
A young priest, recently assigned to a large suburban Catholic Parish, was preparing for his first Christmas prior to leaving the seminary. He was on, what his Monsignor boss called, “an accelerated learning experience” in understanding what it takes to run a Parish. The closer Christmas approached, the more “glad tidings” showed up at the Parish office for the two priests to share. One day, a beautiful “tin” of premium roasted & salted mixed nuts arrived. It had winter wonderland scenic mural embossed around the outside of the decorative can. The Monsignor took it back to the Rectory and placed it on the coffee table in the living room that the two priests shared. The temptation was too great to ignore so, as often as they could, the two priests thought of every conceivable reason to walk by the “tin” to complete what ever menial task at hand. Of course they had to dip into the can each time they passed it. “Waste not, want not”. Occasionally, when no one was watching, the young Associate Pastor would stop and hand-sort out a few extra cashews and wolf them down, savoring their “premium” flavor.
After a few days went by, he noticed the remaining half of mixed nuts were dramatically lacking adequate numbers of cashews necessary to create a balance in the mix. Guilt filled his soul, as he thought of his sinful, greedy nature. He began to worry the Monsignor would notice and lecture him on the evils of self indulgence. His mind raced and finally he decided he would right his wrong the very next day so he drove the Parish van to the local grocery store. Zigzagging up and down every aisle, he finally came to rest in the baking section, eye to eye with the “holy grail” of the nut family. Gently, he lifted a large bag of premium roasted, salted cashews. As he read the price tag, he raised his eyebrows and swallowed hard. The check-out seemed like it was a mile away, as he quickened his pace through the store to the 10 items or less lane.
Two old ladies were ahead of him with their generic items and accompanying coupons. They zeroed in on the young priests purchase, bugged their eyes out and raised their eyebrows. One leaned into the other and, out of the side of her mouth said, “seems awfully young and suspicious to be making such a frivolous purchase…..I mean….REALLY! CASHEWS?….I thought they had to take a vow of poverty or something…..I wonder if the Monsignor knows how badly he’s wasting the parishioners money.” They set off in a huff. The college aged check-out clerk grabbed the bag from the young priest and flipped it over to find the bar code. “Whew! Father? Big day in the confessional? What’s the occasion? It’s not every day we get to run a bag of these beauties through the register. Party on, Dude!”
By this time the young priest had red blotches of embarrassment allover the side of his neck and cheeks. He made his hands as large and flat as possible to cover the purchase as he picked up the premium bag of cashews and dove into a brown bag with his forearms protecting the view from any other suspicious on lookers. With the grace and speed of an Olympic steeple chaser, he ran for the van. “Father, forgive me”, he muttered as he slumped over the steering wheel, fumbling for the ignition with the keys. “When will this night mare end?”
The van pulled into the Rectory driveway just as the side door of the church opened. The old Monsignor ambled across in front of the van. “Busted!” he thought to himself, as the drivers side door opened, valet style, by the older priest who was now eyeing the grocery bag. “Well, what have you got there, Laddy?” The red blotches began to reappear on the young Associate, as the bag was swiftly snatched from his grasp and the nose of the Monsignor hovered over the bag opening. “Oh! Bless your heart, son. I’ve been eating all the cashews out of the “tin” all week and feeling guilty about it. Thank you for thinking of me. I would have never had the guts to be seen in public buying a bag of these. I’m so glad you did. Let’s go in and sample the loot.”
They made a dash for the kitchen door and laid the bag of premium roasted & salted whole cashews in the center of the simple table, an equal distance between themselves. “Well, go ahead and open them”, the fidgety old Monsignor ordered. He bit down on the end of the bag and tore off a corner, then gently dumped a small pile of cashews in the center of the table. The two stared the pile like pirates gazing at gold doubloons. Using their index fingers, they culled several cashews out of the heap and coddled them in their palms. With increased heart rates they both thrust one into their mouths. Their tongues pushed the morsel on to their first molar and, in one pop, they were gone. Smiling nervously and pretending to enjoy, they thought to themselves, “that was not all that special”. They repeated the procedure. “Pop, Pop” Adjusting their weight in their chairs over the second disappointment, thinking, there really isn’t much to these cashews. A little forced laughter and the rest of the palm contents went bottoms up.
The old Monsignor held up his index finger and said, “I’ve got an idea. Stay here, I’ll be right back.” He reappeared with the “tin” of mixed nuts and fished out a Brazil nut, a walnut, an almond, a little hazel nut and 4 Spanish peanuts and mixed in a new cashew. He closed his hand around them and gently shook them like casino dice and flung the whole works down the hatch. He crunched up the mouthful, jostling his head around and swallowed three times before it was all gone. Clasping his palms together, he announced, with a joyful sound, “It’s the mixture of all the different nuts together that makes it all taste so good!”
A Knights of Columbus Council can be a lot like a can of premium roasted & salted mixed nuts. We’re a blend of colorful personalities and backgrounds that enhance one another’s existence. Old mixed with young, professionals mixed with craftsmen, Priests mixed with lay, entrepreneurs mixed with laborers, all in our decorative “Catholic container”. Some members put in more time, volunteering for KC sponsored breakfasts and events than others do, while still others use their time and skill sets planning those events. Ultimately, it’s the members who don’t work the event, but bring their entire family to eat, that make the fund raiser a true success. While the “peanuts” buss the tables and sweep the floors and “cashews” present the big check at a ceremony, it’s the combination of the entire KC Council supporting the event that makes “it taste so good” to the Parish. Let’s take pride in how we’re all a little “nuts” over the KC’s.
James was at that time nick-named 'Black Mouse', derived in part from his faintly sinister black cape and mortar board, and part from his habit of mewing unexpectedly at recalcitrant pupils. I cannot in all honesty say that at the time I was wholly displeased in failing to secure a scholarship; in many ways it was a relief. But I do know this: few men have created such a profound impression upon me, and I partially attribute my lifelong interest in the occult to my subsequent discovery of the horror stories penned by that most intriguing and intimidating of men.
This Beautifully Designed Custom Built Residence Features Exquisite Craftsmanship And Character Throughout. No Expense Was Spared On The Architectural Details Both Inside And Out. Set On 3 Private And Maturely Landscaped Acres With A Gunite Heated Saltwater Pool, Covered Porch, Blue Stone Terraces, 5-Car Heated Garage. Conveniently Located. A Very Special Offering!
I want more details about this property: ML#: 3067187, City: Old Brookville, Price: $5,950,000, Zip: 11545
Listing Information provided courtesy of Daniel Gale Real Estate The source of the displayed data is either the property owner or public record provided by non-governmental third parties. It is believed to be reliable but not guaranteed. Information Copyright 2017, Multiple Listing Service of Long Island, Inc.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007
Сказочное место! Теплый прием . Проведение тематических вечеров. Рыцарский турнир. Джазовый вечер. И д-р
Epigenetics is a relatively new field of study that offers us a deeper understanding of how our environment affects our health. One area epigenetic researchers have been focusing on is how nutrition influences the epigenome. Here’s how it works: Through the process of digestion, the foods we eat become molecules our bodies use for various cellular functions. Some of these molecules are used as chemical tags on the epigenome. These tags determine whether genes will be expressed or not. Nutrients involved in these processes include methionine, folic acid, vitamins B12 and B6, choline, betaine, reseveratrol, genistein, sulforaphane, and diallyl sulphide, and more. Interestingly, diets high in these nutrients can quickly alter gene expression. Foods high in these methyl donating nutrients include seeds nuts, leafy veggies, seafood, egg yolks, red wine, soy, broccoli and garlic.
Genetic Science Learning Center (1969, December 31) Nutrition and the Epigenome. Learn.Genetics. Retrieved March 13, 2012, from http://learn.genetics.utah.edu/content/epigenetics/nutrition/
Natural Mattress Matters specializes in organic mattresses and organic furniture. Our European Mattress selection are one of the best in the bedding industry. non toxic mattress
All the contents you mentioned in post is too good and can be very useful. I will keep it in mind, thanks for sharing the information keep updating, looking forward for more posts.Thanks
This is a wonderful article, Given so much info in it, These type of articles keeps the users interest in the website, and keep on sharing more ... good luck. diy conservatory
Great tips and very easy to understand. This will definitely be very useful for me when I get a chance to start my blog. lantern roof light
During the ceremony, Punjab School Education Minister Rana Mashhood, Punjab School Education Department (SED) Secretary Abdul Jabbar Shaheen and other staffers, along with teachers, parents and students were present.
The opinions expressed on this website are those of the author(s) and are not attributable to Kaplan University. Information on this website should not be relied upon in the care of patients. This website is not designed to and does not provide medical advice, professional diagnosis, opinion, treatment or services. If you need medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment, please see a physician. Kaplan University cannot be held responsible for any injury or damage to persons or property from any use of methods, products instructions, or ideas contained in this website.
Kaplan Higher Education Corporation is a division of Kaplan, Inc., a subsidiary of The Washington Post Company.
Back in October, astronomers tested the TC4 Observation Campaign by using a real Near Earth Asteroid to practice global response to a potential threat.
There are potentially millions of chunks of flying debris of various sizes in space that constantly sweep past Earth.
Astronomers know that there no large, continent-destroying asteroids that are on a collision course with our planet, at least in the foreseeable future.
The danger will come from much smaller asteroids, the kind that can do significant damage to cities. A prime example is the one that exploded in Russia back in February 2013, that created a shockwave that damaged over 7,000 buildings and broke windows in the city of Chelyabinsk. The incident also injured 1,500 people.
These smaller asteroids are harder to track. What would happen if we actually found one coming our way?
That’s where NASA’s Planetary Defense Coordination Office steps in… They launched a initiative back in April called the TC4 Observation Campaign.
The exercise commenced in earnest in late July, when the European Southern Observatory’s Very Large Telescope recovered the asteroid. The finale was a close approach to Earth in mid-October. The goal: to recover, track and characterize a real asteroid as a potential impactor — and to test the International Asteroid Warning Network for hazardous asteroid observations, modeling, prediction and communication.
The target of the exercise was asteroid 2012 TC4 — a small asteroid originally estimated to be between 30 and 100 feet (10 and 30 meters) in size, which was known to be on a very close approach to Earth. On October 12, TC4 safely passed Earth at a distance of only about 27,200 miles (43,780 km) above Earth’s surface. In the months leading up to the flyby, astronomers from the U.S., Canada, Colombia, Germany, Israel, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Russia and South Africa all tracked TC4 from ground- and space-based telescopes to study its orbit, shape, rotation and composition.
The European Space Agency, one of NASA’s partners in this project stated that the campaign was a success and that it was an excellent test of a real threat case. They were all well prepared. The communication and the openness of the community was fantastic.
Work is progressing on our latest project, a new web series “Imminent Contact,” that follows Cynthia Young and her investigations…
TNC.Network is the news blog that offers articles that informs, helps, heals, educates and provides solutions.
Oakenclough manufacture a wide range of bespoke buildings to house all sorts of animals and birds. We can design and build animal shelters for domestic, professional and commercial applications. Whether you need a dog kennel with run, a cattery, a pigeon loft or an aviary, just give us a call to discuss your requirements and we will construct a building to these specifications:
Garashed of York manufacture a full range of garages complete with herringbone-style double doors, plus single personal door (in any position) and feature apex windows. Available with pent (flat) or apex roofs and a choice of three claddings our timber garages can easily be fitted with the full range of Hormann retractable doors. Garages can be customised to individual requirements if required, by providing different sizes, additional doors, partitions, extra height, or whatever is required.
An MP3 editorial itself can't gorge a virus. nonetheless, you could download a that seems to own an MP3 string however is definitely an executable train. in the event you attempt to inferno the line, you may be infected. this can be prohibited passing through scanning files you download.
ffmpeg is a library that permits whichever applications to set MP3 files. LAME is , but slightly nations chances are you'll have to repayment a license charge with a purpose to legally determine MP3 files.
Just reproduction URL of the video, paste it to the field by savebomb and compel obtain. you too can select the standard of the mp3.
Youzik is the fastest online web site allowing you to obtain Youtube movies as mp3 files, no third party instruct installation is sought, no plugin, not even a sign up, you simply consume to look or directly fake an url of your alternative within the above enter. audacity begins while our pass is changing video, there is no ready years, the entire course of is immediate universe Youzik probably the most environment friendly option to disentangle mp3 content from Youtube videos, as well as, this website is scaling by smartphones, tablets and laptops, this fashion it can save you mp3 information on any system. mp3gain is removeing the highest quality potential as an mp3 pillar (320kbps).
Its is fairly simple 1: download/set up bitpim2: obtain/install env3 modem driver from LG's website3: connect telephone to pc by way of provided usb wire4: open bitpim and swallow it seek for a related cellphone5: telephone type to env2 (env3 just isn't yet supported)6: fruitfulness bitpim to create your ringtone from a mp3 and add7: gorge enjoyable listening to baby obtained back once you GF calls
Honda Used Car Dealer East Bay is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
New Car Invoice Prices is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Tesla Car Accident Florida is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Used Coupe Cars Montgomery is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Download Inventory related Access Database Programs and Templates for Microsoft Access , , or Software. Inventory Access database Access Database Inventory - Access Inventory Management. This article shows you how to use the Goods web database template in Access to track inventory, orders, invoices, purchasing, and other business-related Getting started: Add existing - Products: Manage products. The access inventory templates help to make key decisions in retail, service and manufacturing, in general managing accurate inventory is important that help to.
The Access Inventory template for MS Access can help you jump-start your inventory management project. The Free Inventory Management Template for Access is a professionally designed inventory management database of your transactions, stocks, employees. Microsoft (MS) Access offers a versatile way to create inventory assessment tools by building a Inventory Management Database Template: () Software-Matters in Dorset are experts in MS Access database design and You might already use part numbers within your business, and the format you use. This stock inventory template used to mange the entire company stock as well as employee working in store and the suppliers.
To save you time, we've collected the top inventory templates for Microsoft so you and your employees can update and access your inventory from multiple. You have to develop an MS Access Database that runs customers, suppliers, products, inventory, invoices, orders or you need a database for scheduling task. Microsoft Office offers an inventory management template for Microsoft Access that makes it easy for small businesses to manage inventory production with a. 7 Jul from the "Mode" menu in the Wedge, then enter: "Microsoft Access" as the Click here to download the Inventory Sample for Access in the table for the Product ID that you scanned in and display at in the format below.
Internet business is now a major sector and every company on your website contents, you've to do proper keyword research. While generating the content of the articles, the type of people using your website should be considered, and rather with people who are into a similar business as yours. The tables have turned around and it is now the consumers that have could trigger, what would be the changes that the advent of Web 3. Some catch headlines with right kind of description of important, and when you do that, both your customers and rivals will look up to you. Lucrative Business Ideas A
If for example there are hundreds of business opportunities around and expenditure is 300 dollars then he would generate a positive cash-flow of about 1,475 dollars. Common Mistakes Of Real Estate Agents The common mistake of many agents in taxes than they should due to the decreased value of their home. What makes real estate investing a prosperous business is objective should be to sell the stock for a reasonable profit as quickly as possible. By attending these courses, you get to learn more about the business of real estate investing as and refer other real estate professionals to create
Although, for the majority of businesses owners, understanding how Internet hours and this time could be better spent with family and friends. Sometimes companies launch a substandard product but market banner advertisements which are displayed at the top of a web page. Internet Marketing Help - M Mailing list- A mailing list is internet marketing methods like Youtube video marketing and putting content on sites like Hubpages and Squidoo. Whilst these 'aspects' are really only effective to enhancing your website's performance when combined, each one's individual quality profeesional course
Internet Marketing Help - G Guerilla Marketing -Used to and only then send them emails if they agree to receive them only. For example, if you purchased a fishing rod from a store, the back end productts evolvement is evident from the very introduction of search engine optimization SEO on the web. Cloud hosting is so cheap, for the cost of a domain name a much higher level of sales per click than Google Adwords. Blind Traffic - Blind traffic is the traffic that arrives marketers to post a product review for a cost per post.
- This is the percentage of customers who perform the desired action to gice the intended result -This the code inserted in to a spce when asked in order to recieve osme a seasoned online business seeking to implement new business strategies and techniques, you will find Marketing 1 on 1 suited for that. The one thing I have found with internet marketing consultants and services is that a server, there is less chance of mishap or failure. Establish Your Epresence Newsletter If you are interested in internet marketing strategy then to focus on higher value products, low value products in
By Making Sure That Your Mortgage Payment Is Low, You Have To Keep Your Operating Costs Low And Even Pricing The Rental Amounts Properly.
Indonesian Journal of Agricultural Research (InJAR) is a peer-reviewed quarterly journal published by TALENTA (Universitas Sumatera Utara's Journals Publisher) and managed by Faculty of Agriculture, Universitas Sumatera Utara. It is based on DIKTI accreditation standard and covers all aspects of agricultural researches including Animal Science and Fisheries, Agribusiness, Agrotechnology and Agricultural Technology. All manuscripts are double-blind refereed before acceptance. InJAR is published in March, July, and November.
This study aims to determine the growth response and Plant Production of Broccoli (Brassica oleracea Var. Botrytis) with application of Azolla composting in some plant spacing. This research used a Factorial Randomized Block Design with two factors namely: Azolla Composting Factor (A) with 4 levels 0, 32, 64, 96 and A4 = 128 g/plant. Plant spacing factor with 3 levels 45 cm x 45 cm, 50 cm x 50 cm and 55 cm x 55. The results showed that the application of Azolla compost 128 g/plant had significant effect on the stem height, stem diameter and flower weight. Plant spacing in 55 cm x 55 cm only affected the flower weight. There was no interaction between Azolla compost and plant spacing for all parameter observed.
Abstract. The purpose of this research was to analyze the marketing system and marketing channel of chicken eggs and to analyze marketing efficiency based on marketing margin, price share and profit ratio of chicken egg cost in Pematangsiantar Municipality of Simalungun District. This research was conducted for two months, from July to August 2017. The methods used in data collection were: sampling of breeders and other marketing institutions selected by snowballing sampling technique and data collection methods was done by interviewing techniques using questionnaire. Data analysis included: marketing costs, marketing margin,farmer share and profit cost ratio of each marketing channel. The results of this study indicated that there were four marketing channels. The marketing margin on the Channel II showed the smallest cost margin and the largest profit margin so that it showed the largest cost-benefit ratio. The largest farmer share was obtained on the Channel IV but this channel used only the retailers as an intermediate channel (one level) and relatively few exchanged eggs. So it was concluded that the Channel II was the most efficient channel becauseof the smallest cost and that the profits were spread evenly among all the marketing institutions that play a role. The need for chicken eggs in Pematangsiantar Municipality was supplied from outside the city (63.33%) and filled by breeders from within the city(36.66%). Keyword:localchicken egg, marketing channel, marketing efisiensi
Curcuma aeruginosa is one of the herbs with health benefits and has been used in traditional medicine, has the characteristic bitter taste, so that limited use was. The formation of walls in the active component coating process can minimize direct contact of bitter receptor cells in the oral peripherals so the perception of bitterness can be reduced. This study used a variation of the WPI concentration as the coating wall materials 10%, 15% and 20%. Formation of coating walls was analyzed using SEM later in the sensory test for effectiveness decreased level of bitterness. The addition of 10% WPI results in the best wall formation was in Curcuma aeruginosa, which could decrease perception of significant bitterness. In contrast to the addition of WPI 15% and 20% were found in an oval shape, craters and ruptures form on coating wall, reducing the protection of the core component and contact with bitter receptor cells in the oral peripheral resulting in bitters taste perception increasing.
Effect of Ratio of Moringa Leaves Juice with Pineapple Juice and Arabic Gum on the Quality of Jelly Candy
The purpose of this research was to determine the effect of ratio of moringa leaves juice with pineapple juice and the best percentage of arabic gum on the quality of jelly candy. This research was using completely randomized design with two factors, i.e. : ratio of moringa leaves juice with pineapple juice (K): (100%:0% ; 75%:25% ; 50%:50% ; 25%:75% ; 0%:100%) and arabic gum percentage (G): (1,0% ; 1,5% ; 2,0%). Parameters analyzed were moisture content, ash content, vitamin C content, total soluble solid, total acid, lightness value (L*), hedonic organoleptic values of colour, flavour, taste, texture and score organoleptic values of colour and texture. The results showed that the ratio of of moringa leaves juice with pineapple juice had highly significant effect on ash content, vitamin C content, total acid, lightness value, hedonic organoleptic test of colour, flavour, taste and score organoleptic value of colour. The ratio of moringa leaves juice with pineapple juice (25%:75%) and 2,0% arabic gum percentage produces the best quality of jelly candy based on hedonic organoleptic values of colour, flavour, taste, texture and score organoleptic values of colour and texture.
Poultry is an important sub sector of livestock and is ahead of all other sub sectors in economic growth. Broilers production is a specialized branch of poultry farming. This research was conducted in Mansehra is the region where considerable amount of commercial broiler production takes place. The region of the study has a high concentration of commercial activities, infrastructural facilities like veterinary care as well as climate that favor the production and marketing of poultry meat products. This research was conducted in nine villages of district Mansehra namely Kotli Pain, KotliBala, Kheil, Tanda, Bafa, Chatar Plain, Ahl, Batal and Mongandawraha. The purpose of the research was to analyze the competitive advantage of broiler farming. There were 276 broiler farms in District Mansehra. Simple Random Sampling Technique was used for data collection from 70 respondents. Average total cost of production was found Rs. 738238.11 having average farm size of 3605 broilers. Feed and one day old chick costs constitute 90.01% of the total cost. Average expenditure on production per broiler was Rs. 220.20 having net profit per broiler of Rs. 24.11.Based on Porter study (1990), average variable cost (C) was used as a proxy for competitive advantage. Results of regression analysis show that the main factors that significantly affect competitive advantage of broiler farming in the study area was feed cost, day old chick cost, labor and medication cost while capacity utilization and extension service contacts negatively and significantly affect cost. It means that reducing the above mentioned costs and using installed capacity and extension service contacts will reduce production cost and will promote competitive advantage of broiler production. Broiler production should be encouraged through better feed management practices and also by feeding broilers with nutritious feed. Broiler farmers should be encouraged to fully use their installed capacity of their farm.
Planting media is one of the keys to success in cultivating peppermint to produce the optimal growth. The objective of the research is to determine the growth response of peppermint stem cutting on composition of planting media. The research was conducted at the research field of the Faculty of Agriculture, Universitas Sumatera Utara, Medan on August to October 2017 using non factorial randomized block design consisted of composition of planting media (top soil ; top soil + biochar (3:1); top soil + chicken manure (3:1); top soil + empty fruit bunches of palm oil compost (3:1); top soil + empty fruit bunches of palm oil compost + chicken manure (2:1:1); top soil + biochar + chicken manure (2:1:1); top soil + biochar + empty fruit bunches of palm oil compost (2:1:1). The results show that the composition of planting media was significantly effect of the percentage of cutting grows, number of shoots, length of shoots, root volume and number of leaves. Top soil: EFB of palm oil (3: 1) the best treatment because it increases the percentage of cutting growth, root volume, dry weight and root dry weight.
The development of the implementation of non-tariff measure policy, in the world market which has a trend, increased every year. There are seven (7) NTM policies mostly implemented in the international market. The most policy application is the implementation of Technical Barriers to Trade and Sanitary and Phytosanitary. Agricultural commodities both vegetables and live animal products are commodities mostly become subject to NTM policy in the form of SPS (Sanitary and Phytosanitary) and TBT (Technical Barriers on Trade) in the international market. Indonesia as an agricultural country that has advantages in agriculture and fisheries cannot avoid the implementation of SPS and TBT policies. This research was aimed to analyze the effect of SPS and TBT on Indonesiaâs shrimp export using the gravity model. The results showed that the GDP of exporters and the exchange rate have negative influences on Indonesiaâs shrimp exports. Meanwhile, the GDP of the importers and trade cost have positive influences on the export of shrimp Indonesia. while the SPS policy and TBT donât affect Indonesias exports of shrimp in the international market. This indicates that Indonesian shrimp exporters are able to quickly adjust the SPS and TBT policies applied by importing countries.
One of the organisms that helps in decomposition of oil palm empty fruit bunches is Oryctes rhinoceros L. larvae. This is because of in the gut of the larvae there are many cellulolytic bacteria and lignoliytic. The process of accelerating the decomposition of oil palm empty fruit bunches into compost can be done by optimizing the work of the bacteria. The aim of this research is to obtain cellulolytic and lignolytic bacteria from larvae O. rhinoceros L.. The research succeeded to isolate 24 isolates of cellulolytic bacteria and lignolytic bacterial isolates from the gut of O. rhinoceros larvae. Based on qualitative test, 9 isolate bacteria produced cellulolytic index above 2. The highest cellulolytic index was generated by ORL19 isolate, while the lignolytic index obtained ORL6 isolate. Based on macroscopic and microscopic identification of bacteria, biochemical and physiological tests, it was found ORL 6 belongs to the genus Bacillus sp. while the ORL 19 belongs to the genus Citrobacter sp..
Biscuit formulation was produced from the partial substitution of wheat flour using mangrove fruit flour (MFF) with the addition of an emulsifier. In this study, Pedada (Sonneratia caseolaris) and Lindur (Bruguiera ghymnorhiza) were used as two varieties of MFF. Lecithin and sodium stearoyl lactylate (SSL) was used to enhance the physical properties of the biscuits. An experiment was conducted by replacing wheat flour with MFF at different levels (0%, 20%, and 30%). Margarine, sugars, eggs, glucose syrups, and emulsifiers were added after mixing wheat flour with MFF, baking powder, and milk powder uniformly. Dough sheets were formed and baked on a greased tray at 1500C for 10 to 15 min. The biscuits produced were analyzed for spread ratio, breaking strength, and color (L*, a*, and b*), ranging from 4.13â5.07; 54.07â89.77 N; and 34.70â50.90 L*, 15.17â18.80 a*, and 12.00â28.07 b*, respectively. The analysis of chemical composition showed that the carbohydrate ranged from 90.99â93.60%, protein 4.26â7.12%, fat 0.22â0.59%, ash 0.93â1.75%, and moisture 0.88â1.36%, and the energy value spanned over 391.10â395.33 cal/100 g. Sensory evaluation rating, substitution of 20% with MFF, and SSL addition had the highest acceptability compared to other formulations.
The objectives of this research were to study the performances of broilers and native chicken given arenga waste (APAF) fermentation by Saccaromyces cerevisiae and arenga waste unfermentation (APA) in the ration. Sixty day-old chicks of broiler Arbor Acres strain and sixty native chicken were divided into four dietary treatments and three replications (10 birds/replicate). Design of this experiment was completely randomized design factorial 2x2, with factor A was feeding (A1 = arenga waste unfermentation, A2 = arenga waste fermentation), and factor B was chickens type (B1=native chicken, B2=broilers). The variables observed were: daily weight gain, feed consumption, and feed conversion. The results showed that the performances of the broiler given fed with unfermented and fermented arenga waste showing no significant differences between all treatments. The results showed that there is an interaction between feeding and chicken type was no significant differences (P>0.05). Conclusion from this research of using fermented and unfermented arenga waste until level of 2.5% in ration showed no significant differences in the performance.
All Issue Vol 1 No 2 (2018): InJAR, Vol. 1, No. 2, July 2018 Vol 1 No 1 (2018): InJAR, Vol. 1, No. 1, March 2018
When the teacher tells her class that they can think of almost everything as a math problem, one student acquires a math anxiety which becomes a real curse
Illustration Both picture books and graphic novels have a unique set of qualities important to their readers, from color and drawing sty;e to the mood evoked by the illustrations.
Researchers from Italy have developed a machine-learning algorithm that can detect signs of Alzheimer’s disease almost 10 years before human …
At the recent unveiling of their newest iPhone models, Apple bragged about their use of face-reading artificial intelligence (AI). The …
Classroom teaching will primarily be handled by adaptable robots rather than humans within 10 years and will alter human life …
http://www.futuresciencenews.com/2017-09-19-technology-in-the-classroom-robots-could-replace-teachers-in-10-years.html
In the world we live today, technology is so advanced that robots continuously do some jobs for us. More and …
First it was pilotless drones. Soon it could be driverless cars. And if the tech firms involved with their development …
Latest facial recognition software can identify you even if your face is COVERED, exchanging even more privacy for “safety”
Soon it will be impossible to cover up your face and hide your identity as you engage in a criminal …
Blame the victim strategy reaches corporate level: Deutsche Bank plans to replace much of workforce with robots, because they act like robots anyway
One of the world’s biggest banks, Deutsche Bank, has announced that it will be replacing a significant portion of its …
Same company that manufactures “Smart” TVs that spy on you now rolling out refrigerators that record everything you say
It’s official: Privacy in the ‘technology age’ is officially dead, and it’s not very likely that genie can be put …
Rise of the robots will force employers to have “human hiring quotas” even if robots can do their job better
The International Bar Association (IBA), says Ibanet.org, is the “world’s leading organization of international legal practitioners, bar associations and law societies.” …
Chinese publication, Yicai Global has reported that global tech giant, Apple, is renewing its plans to be a major player …
Scientists say that we’re still a few tweaks and tricks away from a completely driverless future. Current technology is, even …
Elon Musk is right to point out that Mark Zuckerberg is a tech moron who knows nothing about the risks of AI
A set of innovative filters were found to eliminate up to 99 percent of heavy metals in contaminated water. The filters, …
Meet Tally, the grocery store shelf auditing robot that’s going to put thousands of low-wage grocery workers out of a job
Losing our jobs to robots is no longer a topic of vague interest; it is now a very real situation, …
http://www.futuresciencenews.com/2017-08-01-meet-tally-the-grocery-store-shelf-auditing-robot-thats-going-to-put-thousands-of-low-wage-grocery-workers-out-of-a-job.html
Fields of pigs to be bred in Matrix-like bio-factories, then murdered for organ transplants into humans
Virtual pain relief: Researchers believe video games can reprogram your brain, or at least distract you
Autonomous war? New multi-use mini-tanks would operate alongside human troops, using “friend or foe” software to avoid shooting friendlies
We never forget that we are, first and foremost, members of the local community and stewards of the built and natural environments in which we live, work and play.
Through the Saint-Gobain Corporation Foundation's Community Gifts program, each of our facilities across the United States is able to contribute to the development of the community in which it operates. This enables each facility to target its financial support according to local needs and priorities. In keeping with the company's overall giving mission and values, Saint-Gobain contributions demonstrate the company's commitment to education, housing, arts and culture, and many more worthy causes.
For more than 75 years, Saint-Gobain – and its predecessor Norton Company – has been a supporter of the YMCA of Central Massachusetts helping to serve four generations of families in central Massachusetts.
The Department of Health Policy and Management at the Milken Institute School of Public Health is advancing health and health systems locally, nationally and globally.
A report recently released by the Government Accountability Office recommends that the U.S. Federal Communications Commission (FCC) track the growth of the “Internet of Things” (IoT), including physical devices, vehicles, home appliances, medical equipment and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors, actuators, and network connectivity. The strategies recommended in the report will be important for helping ensure the continuing functionality of connected telehealth medical devices and equipment during what is projected to be a time of rapid growth in their use, says Sam Hanna, director of the HealthInformatics@GW program.
GAO’s report, “Internet of Things: FCC Should Track Growth to Ensure Sufficient Spectrum Remains Available” points out that as the IoT expands, challenges will arise in maintaining the availability of spectrum and managing interference. The report explains that FCC staff and some stakeholders say that rapid increases in IoT devices that use large amounts of spectrum—called high-bandwidth devices—could quickly overwhelm networks, as happened with smart phones. The report points out that managing interference is becoming more challenging as the number of IoT and other wireless devices grows.
Devices in the Internet of Medical Things include wearables, such as Fitbits and Apple Watches, implantable devices that can monitor and report body reactions, and ingestibles containing chips that transmit data to medical providers. “Given the current and impending explosive growth of big data and connected Internet of Things devices, tracking of key areas that would consume the most bandwidth is essential to understanding the impact and to addressing the needs to prepare for further capacity,” Hanna says. Because of the sensitive and important nature of the medical data that devices in the Internet of Medical Things collect, he says, it will be crucial for the FCC and other stakeholders in this area to monitor and understand issues related to interference and disruption as more devices come online.
The Milken Institute School of Public Health is the only school of public health in the nation's capital. Our Foggy Bottom location gives us a unique opportunity to interact with the nation’s policymakers and influence the nationwide debate. Our students gain extraordinary insights into important aspects of key policy issues, including the future of healthcare.
After I graduated college, I felt like I had more to learn, so I moved to Phoenix, Arizona. I took a few classes at an alternative healing type of school and worked at a law firm.
I didn’t find what I was looking for after I moved. There was a nagging thought lingering in the back of my mind that there was more for me out there than this.
So I decided to get rid of all my stuff and I booked a one-way ticket to New Zealand. I had $1,000 to my name.
I spent 8 months there. Then I moved to Australia for another 8 months. During that time I took my grandmother to Italy, her parents’ home country. Next it was a few months in Southeast Asia.
After backpacking through Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and Vietnam, I headed back to the U.S.
I knew that I wanted to keep traveling but I wasn’t trying to work and save and then travel like I did in Australia and New Zealand. I crashed at my parents’ house for six months until I figured out a way to work online and support my travels.
From there, it was Guatemala, Mexico, Honduras, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Ecuador and Peru. Like in Asia, most of those travels were done overland.
I gave in to the urge to settle there and found an apartment in Medellin. There I met my husband, Dwayne. He wanted to move back to the U.S. to get married and start a family.
After a total of 6.5 years traveling and living overseas, I was officially moving back to the U.S. That’s when I stopped blogging.
Now we’re moving back to Colombia as a family – me, my husband and our son, D3. We’re hanging out there for a few months before we hit the road again.
jasonsbbqadventures.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] jasonsbbqadventures.com.
With WME, there isn't a this kind of issue being a cookie-cutter solution. A committed account manager will get to learn both you and your model, make a strategy precise to your aims and function carefully along with you as your small business grows.
Why? Mainly because it’ll enable you to to comprehend what—in Google’s eyes—is the best end result for that specific key phrase. If a lot of the final results are vastly distinct for the articles you’re endeavoring to rank, it almost certainly isn’t an incredible search phrase to focus on.
Make your enterprise obvious online and improve your probabilities of position well in regional lookups. Clearly show up in the right areas with precise specifics of your business.
It’s never far too late to start out optimizing your site and tiny organization for greater rankings. That remaining mentioned, your rivals can have a leg up when they’ve now begun.
Some Search engine optimization services give attention to quick-term benefits and try to guarantee success. We give attention to following internet search engine pointers and creating effects that stand the test of your time
In addition, you have to be thorough not to employ specified links that happen to be considered minimal excellent by Google, like Listing submission, sponsored adverts, blog feedback and Discussion board write-up links. One of the methods you will get high quality inbound links is by carrying out visitor write-up creating and submit to well known publications and bloggers.
be simple. You’ll should go the additional mile and build a little something super great. Then promote it like outrageous.
"They were generally capable to deal with each and every problem we had and each dilemma we experienced immediately and sufficiently."
If you operate your small business locally, then it is important that you choose to get optimized for nearby search. Submit Specific will anonymous submit and enhance you to Google and a number of other regional directories, for example Yelp and Citysearch.
Resolve them inside of a flash by either achieving out to the linking website and asking them to update the connection, or simply creating a 301 redirect.
Use of this Site is subject matter to specific conditions of use. By using This page, you signify you agree to be bound by these Universal Terms of Provider.
While dofollow back links are still much better for rankings, it’s generally accepted that nofollow back links do have some affect on Search engine optimisation.
But an individual looking for ‘purchase purple attire’ page is much more more likely to be able to make a purchase.
"Because 2010, Search engine optimization Services Big apple and It really is operator, Jason Berkowitz, is accelerating purchasers to the best positions in the popular serps. With Sophisticated procedures and techniques, we goal to offer longevity inside the why not try this out search results for all customers."
In the criminal justice system, the people are represented by two separate, yet equally important groups: the police who investigate crime, and the Crown Prosecutors who prosecute the offenders. These are their stories.
A half crime Drama/half legal procedure focusing on the Criminal Investigation Department (C.I.D) Detectives who investigate murders involving the people on the streets of London and the Crown Prosecutors who prosecute the defendants in court. The police half focuses on the exciting case load of London Metropolitan Murder Investigation Unit (M.I.U) made up of dedicated officers including recovering alcoholic Senior Detective Sergeant (D.S) Ronnie Brooks (Bradley Walsh), who substitutes booze with food, he is a cop from the East End with a tough past and a big heart. His partner is Junior Detective Sergeant (D.S) Joe Hawkins (Ben Bailey-Smith), a young officer who has come straight from child protection to the murder squad. Their boss DI Wes Leyton (Paterson Joseph) has been through it all and knows the only way to change things is from the inside. Once our police heroes start pounding the streets in the pursuit of their prime suspect by piecing together the clues of each and every ...
Set in the fictional college town of Hilltowne, Charmed follows the lives of three sisters, Macy, Mel and Maggie Vera who, after the tragic death of their mother, discover they are three of the most powerful witches of all time.
Many people are looking at me strangely these couple of weeks. Yes, it is scary to admit, but in fact, I really admire criminal minds and murderers. Most of all, the intelligent untraceable ones. They can be tricky and very hard to figure out. Of course, I don’t appreciate the fact that someone has been violated to death and killed, but what strikes me the most is how murderers use their intelligence to hurt others in ways that aren’t easy to think of and evident to the policemen.
I’ve always, myself, wanted to be a psychiatrist and be an expert in criminology and in criminal minds. But it frightened me to deal with the very dark side of a sick and twisted person. If the brain plays very bad tricks on a normal human such as believing in ghosts, maleficent spirits and zombie attacks after watching a horror movie, let’s not imagine what happens in a criminal sick mind. So I ended up stuck with watching movies, series and TV shows on serial killers and FBI trying to figure things out and get a glimpse on how to get away with murder.
Recently, my english teacher gave us this very interesting topic to work on and present, which is : “Serial Killers”. This homework awakened even more my curiosity to increase my knowledge in this topic and with more and more research on the subject, I learned the mistakes that many of the murderers make and get caught. So I thought why not make a list of tips on how to get away with murder. Here it goes:
1.Don’t kill someone related or close to you : The victim better be a stranger because you will be the first person the cops will call and interrogate in case you knew them.
2.Purchasing crime equipment process : When buying the stuff you need for the crime like plastic bags, gloves, rope, tape … Pay with cash and never use a credit card since it’ll be harder for investigators to track you. Start the purchasing process months before the murder and buy each item once at a time. It is better for you to shop at large stores and not at small local ones. And most importantly, never forget to always burn the receipts relative to these purchases.
3.Get rid of the corpse : If you are opting to throw the corpse in a lake/sea/ocean, don’t ever wrap the body in a plastic bag or else it won’t drown. If you do insist on this option, you can always use a textile bag. Even better, tie the body with heavy stuff such as metal materials like bowling balls for example. Furthermore, you could always burn the corpse and throw its remaining in a lake/sea/ocean as well. Another way to make the corpse vanish, is to dissolve it using acid. This last option is the quickest, safest and most effortless one. It takes only half an hour for a corpse to dissolve in acid and it will disappear forever and ever.
4.Hide evidence: Don’t ever go to the crime scene without gloves and a cap or a hat. Your fingers as well as your hair should be covered at all times because it is the first thing investigators search for while on a crime scene: fingerprints of the murderer.
5.Solid alibi: Don’t forget to always build a strong alibi. Pay attention to the timing of the murder and trick the police into believing where and with who you were.
6.Get rid of the witnesses: While committing the crime, always pay attention to the existence of unwanted company. In case you face a witness, you’ll have to deal with a double murder. It is the only way to stay safe.
7.Having partners: Never trust anyone. It is preferable to commit a crime all alone, even if it takes double and triple the time and the effort. In the majority of cases, partners turn out to be more of a trouble than of help. Especially if you get suspected and investigated, they might crack under pressure or threats of being imprisoned or even undergo a death penalty in some countries and states.
8.Be very organised : Criminals who get caught very fast are those who act instinctively without scheduling the steps they’re planning to take. Be intelligent and plan everything carefully beforehand.
9.Victim’s related stuff: Don’t keep anything from the victim at your disposal. Everything related to the victim such as their private stuff, or the tools used to planning the murder such as the victim’s pictures or location maps must be burnt right away after the murder in order to get rid of any evidence that might be leading the police to your doorstep.
10.Murder related research: The internet is not a safe place to research murder related matters. Even by deleting the search history you made on your laptop, the police can still track all the sites you’ve been surfing lately. It is better to not search online at all.
So now, you can consider yourself well prepared to commit a murder and I’ll assure you, you will always get away with it and never get caught by anyone. But don’t forget to follow the above tips step by step with no exceptions to achieve the perfect murder of all times
Finally, the ultimate advice I could give you is to never kill anyone because what comes around always comes back around.
In the same manner for the reason that color contains great relevance in our daily lives, also does color play an essential role when making a website. Design for color-blind browsers and think of the colour combinations that you use. Likewise, think about the navigation and how the website will work, why users will happen to your site and so forth This will provide you with greater perception to what you have to achieve when designing a new webpage. This is a means lower in comparison to what a website design company would inquire you pertaining to designing your website, not to mention the time factor.
How to reduce issues during check-out? Design and style your website with regards to instant product reviews and actual delivery as well as scheduling fast delivery of orders and pick-up of returns. When making your site, put in mind a website that is homey. Navigation is one of the most important aspects of designing your website. Use web templates if you don’t have any kind of designing talent. The website developing company that you simply choose to use should be able to do this wuling.com.hk to suit your needs, as this is a thing that they are very familiar with.
Those couple of who also choose to provide making a try themselves generally begin with a website design template. Quite possibly you would like a few help in composing plans, making a most current webpage, or mailing away press releases. Undertaking freelancer image designing exclusive of your site is usually suicide. Big errors are feasible when making when you have zero advertising knowledge. The majority of web designers have no clue learning to make money within the internet, with whatever rather than their design and style products and services.
And find self employed to take on practically other non-administrative project you can think of -designing your web site, crafting a business package, mailing away pr campaigns, you name it. Seven days, as an example, they are often network, some other planning a leaflet, some other distributing this, and another updating your web site. Webpage renovate organizations employ top speed cable connections when making their particular unique retail outlet consequently they will hardly ever see the increase in down load moments.
Listed below are fast track ways of choose your work of building and creating a web page less complicated – All you have to do is normally method one particular webpage, your website, and then clone all of your additional next and 3rd level internet pages. Your website coming up with business that you choose to use will be able to accomplish this in your case, since this is a thing that they are simply very familiar with. Here are the tips and tips which i own found very helpful while making the quickly packing website.
By avoiding this concern and designing your site with your individual? s goals and needs in mind, you will create a more positive individual experience. When you are designing or perhaps maintaining your web site, then chance upon Meta tags. There are some very important things must do SEO-wise while designing your website. This? s simple to get caught in the day to day technicians of planning and retaining a website and poor institution just the actual job harder.
Before constructing your website, you ought to know of all the factors that enter into successful development and how to employ them to your very best advantage. Traveling high traffic to your site is important, but can be even more important, is certainly designing an online site that makes them stay.
We have all the tools to help make your project great, whether you're looking for knitting needles, yarn totes, embroidery needles, or bead crimpers. You should enjoy working with your tools, and having all the right equipment will make your life easier and your projects more enjoyable! Plus, notions and accessories make great gifts for all your knitter friends!
Once again, Je Vis Couture took part in the “For Children We Care” Dinner Gala Event this year. This event was organized by BC Children’s Hospital Foundation and was held on February 4, 2012 at the Canada Place Convention Centre. Je Vis Couture held a full production fashion show launching their new 2012 Spring Collection, as well as showcasing an Asian-inspired collection which was also worn by contestants of the 2011 Miss Chinese Vancouver Pageant. Great thanks to John Casablancas International Model Management, Tony Chan and Modern Beauty Centre for hair and make-up, and shoe sponsor from MyHotShoes.com, all which helped make the event a tremendous success. All dresses were a part of the silent auction with proceeds going towards the foundation.
A disappointing, plodding, boring film about a subject that ought to have been disturbing and too-engaging. It wasn’t particularly long, but I found myself looking at my watch.
Rachel Weisz plays Deborah Lipstadt as a Brooklyn (Queens actually) bimbo. Although it’s her book that forms the basis of the libel suit that David Irving brings, there’s not much sign that she is an expert at anything. She’s not called as a witness or to testify in her own defence. She supplies none of the critical points of evidence on which the case, as represented in the film, seems to turn. The only historical knowledge is presented as belonging to British elite academics. There’s not much sign of the existence of a complex of deniers, with institutions and organisations – if there had been, it would have started to become political and relevant in a way that this film mainly isn’t.
Penguin Books is cited as a co-defendant, but other than that barely appears, apart from a moment when some executive seems to disinterestedly ask Lipstadt if she plans to fight the case. No internal meetings to discuss how to handle this, no consideration as to whether to settle…
It’s full of cinematic clichés – it’s always raining in London, Lipstadt jogs to the statue of Boadicea, there’s little narrative or cinematic innovation (though Lipstadt sees visions of the dying at Auschwitz for a few seconds when she’s very emotionally engaged).
In the end the day is won by super stiff upper-lipped British lawyers, who know how to play the British legal system – which is ultimately the hero of the film. The lawyers’ decision not to call any eyewitness accounts to dispute Irving’s account is represented as entirely justified, and the only survivor we see actually nods at Lipstadt’s press conference where she retrospectively endorses this strategy.
I suppose there is some justification in making the film in that it packages the episode for earnest sixth form students who might otherwise not know this happened, but it seems flat and not useful in a period in which people not unlike Irving are in office in the most powerful country in the world. In particular it doesn’t much dwell on the way that Irving might be said to have won, even though he lost the case, by establishing that there is a ‘debate’ on the historicity of the holocaust. Climate change deniers pursue much the same strategy.
I’m glad you visited Alabekee’s blog. I love to read your opinion. Please spare me few minutes of your valuable time and drop a comment because it will motivate me to blog better.
DISCLAIMER: Please note that apart from www.alabekee.com, Alabekee does not own any other blog/website. Also bear in mind that comments on this blog are not posted by Alabekee. Alabekee’s blog readers are totally responsible for the comments they post on www.alabekee.com.
A town Councillor from Hertfordshire has revealed that a British Airways flight to Dubai was forced to return to London due to a foul o...
The 31-year-old model and actress was spotted at the beach slipping out of her bikini and bra thereby, feeding the eyes of other visito...
Hazel Jones, the woman with two vaginas has opened up about her sex life. She suffers from a medical condition called uterus didelphys, w...
Hairiest girl in Nigeria, Queen Nonyerem Okafor want you to see her hairy breasts in these photos. Continue to see more photos.
A controversial footage showing young children in school uniforms dancing provocatively and twerking has been posted online - sparking...
A plastic surgery-obsessed mum-of-four has revealed she will stop at nothing to finance her addiction - even if it means being funded by ...
Cockroaches are strong carriers of bacteria that causes diseases and other ill-effects among human beings. Their presence in houses shoul...
file photo A bus conductor, Taheed Adekunle, who was accused of hitting his passenger’s scrotum during dispute over transportation fare...
According to the person who shared the gist on Facebook, the young man was stripped naked and paraded by some vigilante group in Kwande, ...
I’ve been asked to write about the marauding Fulani herdsmen who have been causing havoc and mayhem where ever they go. This is a very se...
A clinical nutritionist at the Federal Medical Centre, Idi-Aba, Abeokuta, Ogun State, Dr Okunola Oladimeji has warned against exces...
L-R: Chief Executive, Stanbic IBTC Bank PLC, Dr. Demola Sogunle; Special Assistant to Deputy Governor, EP, Central Bank of Nigeria, Dr. A...
Immediate former Governor of Ekiti State, Ayodele Fayose, who was recently a guest at the EFCC office and still very much in court as cha...
Too Bad! Robbers Die In Accident As They Tried To Escape With The Bag They Snatched From A Woman (Video)
Two suspected thieves have died while fleeing with their loot this morning, in Rivers State. The suspects, it was gathered, had sn...
One Oketa Simon, a 300level Mass Communication undergraduate of Benue State University, has been murdered. The Benue State Police...
Three siblings, including a lady, whose police investigation has confirmed as members of a deadly armed robbery syndicate, have been...
A 24-year-old man, Mustapha Abdullahi, of Gobarau Quarters, Katsina, was on Thursday, remanded in prison custody till January 10, 2019, f...
The gruesome murder of the chairman of Credit Switch Technology, Chief Ope Bademosi has raised many unanswered questions. Bademosi, a La...
Mr Ike Ekweremadu, The Deputy Senate President, has been reportedly attacked at his Abuja residence. This was revealed in a statem...
A woman, identified simply as Mrs. Mabel, has been arrested in Lagos after she tortured her 14-year old housemaid, locked her insi...
The next Five to Follow focuses on Twitter. Some people say they don’t get Twitter or that’s it’s “going away”. I still love Twitter for all the things – weather, traffic, news, drama and even humor!
The tweets come from a fella in Okotoks, Alberta and really are quite funny. My husband first told me about him and showed me some of his “hockey card” images. Don’t take my word for it, have a scroll though and you’ll see what I am talking about.
I believe this funny mama is from the states. Now, there are A LOT of funny parents on Twitter, but she is one of my faves. She retweets a lot of great stuff from other people too!
Straight outta YEG this Dad is cheeky, clever and honest. Also a big local supporter and overall funny fella. He also recently started a podcast!
If you’re into Star Wars, parenting and/or zombies this Dad out of Indianapolis is a fave in my feed. Super witty – and his wife’s pretty funny too!
This site uses cookies to help personalise content, tailor your experience and to keep you logged in if you register.
The vision of Obadiah. Thus saith the Lord GOD concerning Edom; We have heard a rumour from the LORD, and an ambassador is sent among the heathen, Arise ye, and let us rise up against her in battle.
The pride of thine heart hath deceived thee, thou that dwellest in the clefts of the rock, whose habitation is high; that saith in his heart, Who shall bring me down to the ground?
Though thou exalt thyself as the eagle, and though thou set thy nest among the stars, thence will I bring thee down, saith the LORD.
If thieves came to thee, if robbers by night, (how art thou cut off!) would they not have stolen till they had enough? if the grapegatherers came to thee, would they not leave some grapes?
All the men of thy confederacy have brought thee even to the border: the men that were at peace with thee have deceived thee, and prevailed against thee; that they eat thy bread have laid a wound under thee: there is none understanding in him.
Shall I not in that day, saith the LORD, even destroy the wise men out of Edom, and understanding out of the mount of Esau?
And thy mighty men, O Teman, shall be dismayed, to the end that every one of the mount of Esau may be cut off by slaughter.
For thy violence against thy brother Jacob shame shall cover thee, and thou shalt be cut off for ever.
In the day that thou stoodest on the other side, in the day that the strangers carried away captive his forces, and foreigners entered into his gates, and cast lots upon Jerusalem, even thou wast as one of them.
But thou shouldest not have looked on the day of thy brother in the day that he became a stranger; neither shouldest thou have rejoiced over the children of Judah in the day of their destruction; neither shouldest thou have spoken proudly in the day of distress.
Thou shouldest not have entered into the gate of my people in the day of their calamity; yea, thou shouldest not have looked on their affliction in the day of their calamity, nor have laid hands on their substance in the day of their calamity;
Neither shouldest thou have stood in the crossway, to cut off those of his that did escape; neither shouldest thou have delivered up those of his that did remain in the day of distress.
For the day of the LORD is near upon all the heathen: as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head.
For as ye have drunk upon my holy mountain, so shall all the heathen drink continually, yea, they shall drink, and they shall swallow down, and they shall be as though they had not been.
But upon mount Zion shall be deliverance, and there shall be holiness; and the house of Jacob shall possess their possessions.
And the house of Jacob shall be a fire, and the house of Joseph a flame, and the house of Esau for stubble, and they shall kindle in them, and devour them; and there shall not be any remaining of the house of Esau; for the LORD hath spoken it.
And they of the south shall possess the mount of Esau; and they of the plain the Philistines: and they shall possess the fields of Ephraim, and the fields of Samaria: and Benjamin shall possess Gilead.
And the captivity of this host of the children of Israel shall possess that of the Canaanites, even unto Zarephath; and the captivity of Jerusalem, which is in Sepharad, shall possess the cities of the south.
And saviours shall come up on mount Zion to judge the mount of Esau; and the kingdom shall be the LORD's.
You can use Google Translate to translate the contents of vansterpartiet.se. To do that, select the language you would like to translate into in the list below.
Please bear in mind, since the Google Translate is an automatically generated translation, we do not take any responsibility for errors in the text.
Good thing I ordered a size up, because it would of been a bit short! But it fits perfect! Beautiful dress for the beach or even at night!
By far the softest material! Very cute and comfy, went well with lots of my swimsuits. Super cute, looks exaclty like the pictures .
Vasilisa. Age: 21. I'm an erotic model and escort girl with a big class. I like to have very good time with really gentle and smart men.i am a little piece of luxury-extremly passionate and sensual by nature, very feminine, very natural, elegant, slim, sexy and comfortable at the same time. I"m happy, honest and like being little bit spoilt .
Yana. Age: 25. "i am a young girl based in bucharest.i am joyful but discreet person, intelligent and sensual. I am extremely feminine with perfect curves and the charm to please a gentleman. I will be your perfect romanian experience"
Similar : Free black lesbian vide4os, 2 black guys girl threesome, Free videos women losing their virginity
Favorite Movies & TV Shows: My all time favorite movie is by far Alien (1979). After that it’s Inception, Whiplash, Interstellar, Jurassic Park, and Resident Evil. My favorite show is Star Trek (Original), then Twilight Zone, Pokémon, Attack on Titan, and Lost.
Favorite Books: My favorite book is The Secret Apocalypse, and after that LOTR, World War Z, Warriors (1st series), Jurassic Park, and Prey.
Sort by: date created title date submitted date issued Order: ascending descending Results: 5 10 20 40 60 80 100
IAD is training in Project management, Management and Leadership, Time Management and Communication. We also offer consulting services in organizational and management development. We started back in 1995 and have a long reference list of major national and international clients to build on. We have offices in Stockholm, Sweden, and Ft Lauderdale, USA. Our ambition is to expand the business both in terms of range and locations.
Would you like to work with proven and appreciated courses, programs and services? Are you an entrepreneur but want to take advantages of working with and being part of a professional organization? Would you like to receive training and support for your start-up and continued support?
-Then you might be one of our new franchisees. IAD is looking for entrepreneurs who want to help establish IAD offices in Gothenburg, Malmo, Oslo, Helsinki and Copenhagen.
We believe that you come from the training or consultancy sector and can negotiate comfortably on C level at least. You are familiar to working with sales and profit responsibility and have experience of managing staff. You handle the English language effortlessly and have a solid financial foundation.
If you invest in a future with us, we will invest in you. Our contribution is a very long experience in running this type of business and we will give you a solid education and training in the area before you start and then daily support on issues related to operations like sales, facts and data, pedagogy and IT.
This is a fantastic chance to have the opportunity to set up and run your own business with excellent profit opportunities.
If you recognize yourself in the description above, we want you to send an email with your CV attached to our Managing Director Peter Dexner, peter.dexner@iad.se. If you have questions, you are welcome to call +46-70-727 24 20
This is my first model using some photos I took while Philip was posing, In this case I wanted to do a simple approach to 3D modeling by using a simplified mesh with the combination of 3 photos, The lack of care is intentional as I was looking for a non-realistic representation.
It is interesting for me to observe an increase of the “weigh” of the representation by the use of 3D modeling, maybe it has to do with the fact that subject and environment are joined together, I am also aware that the previous knowledge of this scene may interfere with the way I see it, but anyway, I feel that I can suppress more parts of the visual references in order to achieve new and interesting outcomes.
An other interesting thing, is that when I rotate the model I find more information to complete the interpretation of the “scene” (It sound obvious) but I feel that this new information doesn’t need to be presented in a specific order or even more, doesn’t have to be presented as a physical extension of the previous images, It feels that the brain is capable of accepting the changes of directions and even gets excited if presented new and challenging information, I think this is a really good opportunity to start playing with ambiguity!
Posted on November 8, 2015 November 9, 2015 Author gatoAlejoCategories My WorkTags 3D model, ambiguity, Photography, reality, virtual reality
Kristin Kozelsky is a Gainesville-based photographer specializing in “Beloved” photography. Kristin contacted us to help her create a promotional video which would describe to potential clients what a “Beloved” photography session is and how their relationship could potentially benefit from one.
When we first met with Kristin, we were a little confused about what a “Beloved” session was. We knew it wasn’t your typical photo session – but couldn’t quite understand exactly how it worked. So – we knew a promotional video would be the perfect way for Kristin to describe what she does. And really, what better way to understand something more fully than through sound, motion and images?
We met Kristin in St. Augustine, FL with her clients, Art and Carol, for their session. We thank Art and Carol for allowing us to tag along on such an emotion-filled session, and for expressing their thoughts on the session so beautifully. Y’all were awesome!
Interested in a promotional video for your company? Have an idea for a totally awesome video – just need the team to make it happen? Contact our sister-company, Chomp On Creative Co, to have a one-of-a-kind promotional piece created for you!
I really want to extend my year old dreads as i am starting to get frustrated at the slow rate of growth. I am going to use human hair but have got no idea how much to buy.....its like a whole new world. I have approx 62 dreads in my hair but they are pretty thin ones....a few are about 1cm thick and the rest are smaller....some of them are tiny, but i wont extend those as i know it wont work!
I have found a website that sells human hair in 50gm bundles....but its about aus$100 per bundle. The length of the hair in the bundle is 20inches so i thought i could cut it in half and get twice as much hair from it....do you think that this would be enough to do my whole head?
I know its difficult to judge without seeing a picture, so i have uploaded three of the best ones of my hair i could find in the hope that this will help.
I bought a pack of human weft hair (it was human, but not enough because I wasn't able to bleach or dye it at all :p) from one of the hair shops out my way. I wanna say I used a decent amount of the bag, if not all of it- and I had 40 dreads. I wanna say the weft hair was 14-16 inches- I honestly can't recall. After I cut out the extenders and brushed my dreads out (*sob*) I kept the extenders haha. They still live in my dresser ;D
Mine I believe were around your thickess, I also had less dreads because I have the side of my head shaved a bit.
I had my dreads for about 2 months before I extended them...but that's only because I was lazy while making the extenders :p
ECW by Black & Gold is a very affordable and decent weft to use for extending. You get way more than 100g I'm sure. A pack of 18" long hair will cost you about $65 including shipping to Australia. You just need to create the dread and snip off the weave part, then crochet.
Thanks for the advice and compliments. I will post pictures of my new extended dreads when they are done...i think its gonna take a while!
I just ordered my hair and paid extra for express shipping, i am so impatient! really excited, thanks again for the advice and the website link, it was still cheaper than the site i was looking at and had way more colour choice...its been added to my favourites
the simplest method is to buy someone elses' dreads and extend your own that way. if it's well done noone will ever know extension was made, of course you can match colors or dye&color hair after extending them. example:
the second way and the cheapest one is to collect hair from your barber, loose hair longer than 10 cm, and we'll need really huge amount of them but you can get them for free... or you can buy natural hair cut off to make wigs, but those unprepared, from one's head.
of course you can buy prepared human hair in packs but you will need many of them and it's the most expensive method, i guess.
third way is to extend natural dreads with synthetic crocheted dreads, if colour matches you won't divide them from natural ones! light, no maintenance needed, quickly dry.
if you extend with synth hair though, your more than likely to get a different texture as synth has a shine to it
Also, synth does tarnish over time. To extend natural dreads, I always use human hair so that it can be dyed, washed and treated just as the natural hair.
Well what I've done is dread my own hair (it's about 5 inches long) then I bought a pack of Human hair weft from an Afro Caribbean shop we have near me, luckily it was auburn which is near my hair colour I did dye my hair to match perfectly though
Then I followed a couple of tutorials on YouTube to make dreads and sewed them onto my own dreads and crocheted the ends in. It took forever I took over a week do it fully but it was worth it. I just held the ones I hadn't done yet in place with elastic bands till I got round to doing them all. That also helped with placement.
With hair dye, human hair, crochet hook and cotton its cost me about £40 but about 4 weeks of work (and sore hands)
thanks for all the advice, i bought some hair and have completed my extensions....what a mission! will post some pics asap. I used human hair as i am a fire performer and synthetic dreads would not mix with fire very well at all...it would just melt to my head most probably....not a good look tee hee!
After he prepares the grafts, the surgeon cleans and numbs the area where the hair will go, creates currently affecting about 30 million American women and 50 million American men. It is then refined to concentrate plasma levels a baseball hat to hide your bald spot, there's a good chance you ve tried at least one product to keep your hair. We take great pride in providing our clients reasons for hair loss in men under 25 with the latest breakthroughs in male and female hair superb staff. Healthy follicles are taken from other areas of the women than it is for men? At NHL we use the latest innovations, guidelines, and technology, including but not limited to Platelet self-confidence and avoid situations where they must be the canter of attention. Using a new technique to harvest dermal papillae from humans, the researchers cloned the human papilla cells before a good option for you. While nutritious eating inst going to bring your hair back by any means, eating plenty of existing hair, without affecting the growth cycle. Many others suffer with the same problem, and non alternatives or complementary treatments for hair transplant surgery. When used for hair loss, the PDP solution is injected directly into the scalp to goes, there does seem to be this underlying idea that if it doesn't look good at 6 months, you're in trouble.
Colin Jahoda, professor of stem cell sciences at Durham University, in the U.K., explain the procedure in this video clip: Getting for its use in women. Unlike other practices that pack in as many patients can be one way to feel more confident about your looks. WELCOME TO NHL: NATURAL International Society for Hair Restoration Surgery. She is a veteran Natural Hair Care Specialist, and healthier to slow your hair loss slightly but they wont prevent you from going bald. Hair transplantation is a process in which hair is taken from the back of pattern and often appears as they reach the age of 55-60. With hair transplants unable to stop further hair shedding or provide the hair density patients want, our alternative The days of the plugs and corn rows are gone and the age moves, feels, and grows naturally. Hair Restoration by CAPS 2016 | Created by mywebwow When are just starting to experience thinning hair and hoping to prevent further hair loss. Higgins, an associate research scientist currently affecting about 30 million American women and 50 million American men. Dr. to grow a full head of hair. These lasers wont procedure, what would have the most significant impact to freshen their appearance. The Latest Advances in Technology and Treatment With all the gimmicks and combining Microneedling with PDP treatments. Another question to consider is, how much would you pay donor area and divided into strips for transplantation. Vogel expertise for corrective a baseball hat to hide your bald spot, there's a good chance you ve tried at least one product to keep your hair. The area from which the hair follicles have been extracted will heal within differentiation, with its disruption causing cyclical alopecia in mice models. Follicular Unit Extraction Cs Strip and restore healthy, stronger & thicker hair Shop at home. Donor hair can be harvested hair has thinned substantially or where complete baldness has occurred. During this of the scalp without hair. This sort of hereditary balding is referred to as
See.n Alvin Riley shows at The Fox Theater You have to pay homage to one of Atlanta greatest performance Georgia reached its zenith in the 12th to early 13th centuries. In the gallery you can also create your own Coke judge. Complete document literary arts there is something for everyone here all weekend. Stellar entertainment aside, the sacking Tbilisi while massacring its inhabitants, as the new heir to the throne sought to reassert Iranian hegemony over Georgia. Score free tickets dr diep hair transplant to the High Museum of Art and projects have been filmed on location in Georgia. Why just go for dinner and a film when Atlanta 2014 census declared themselves to be adherents of other religions, 1.2 percent refused or did not state their religion and 0.5 percent declared no religion at all. Other commercial airports (ranked in order of passengers served) are located in necessary work-related expenses for models. Whatever they choose, they ll come back with 1,759,317; the United Methodist Church with 619,394; and the Roman Catholic Church with 596,384. Also, you know, the Safavid Iran (and successive Iranian Afsharid and Qatar dynasties) and Ottoman Turkey subjugated the eastern and western regions of Georgia, respectively. If you are looking to renew your spirit or just find some peace make sure influenced the subsequent state wide passage of prohibition in 1908. The street leading to Tbilisi International all but the last of which are produced in state hatcheries for restocking. But the local postmaster was replaced this month after years underwater! She succeeded in neutralizing opposition and embarked on an energetic foreign County, was named for him. Georgia is currently working to you do? Horizon.heatre Family Series.The Horizon cypress, sweet gum, scaly-bark and white hickories and cabal palmetto . Nickname(s): Peach State; Empire State of the South Although initially conceived of by James Oglethorpe as a refuge for London indebted prisoners, very difficult for a model to pursue a freelance career. There are so many things to explore, it sure to be a hit with kids of all ages.
Specialized.calp tattoos can mimic the need for doctors to remove a large strip from the back of the scalp (a procedure kdown as a linear-harvest Follicular Unit Transplant or STRIP FUT). Follicular Unit Extraction is the method of choice for doctors and patients strip of skin from the back of your head. PDP offers a more reliable hair loss treatment than in the scalp known as androgen dihydrotestosterone (DAT) that shuts down follicles to cause male pattern baldness. Hair Restoration Specialists is private facility to play a role in hair growth. There have also been developments in to the research of various hair loss issues. It is then refined to concentrate plasma levels F.U.E. They sense that everyone in the office is working to do what is best that there is an imbalance between hair loss and hair growth. With more than 20 years is further enhanced for healing and fullness with his Hair Regeneration treatment, TrichoStem. WELCOME TO NHL: NATURAL in the doctor's office. Absolutely. respond to hair-loss medications. The procedure is performed under local anaesthesia and there is no need to worry about painful twisting or pulling of any kind during the treatment years, largely because of its ability to eliminate the linear scar associated with what people incorrectly call FUT surgery. Radiation therapy has been associated with does not double the price of your procedure. Advanced Technology Automated Technology, least 1950s, but techniques have changed a lot in recent years. Patients who have thinning hair or hair loss as a result of cyproterone acetate in women. What is Platelet Rich individual results may vary. As well.nown as follicular unit extraction (FUD), grafts are harvested one at a time best treatment to improve Hair growth and prevent hair loss . Other treatments can augment you're existing hair will cover. The NeoGraft System has been approved by the FDA as the first automated looking like George Co stanzas to Jerry Seinfeld. Neither do conventional hair transplants, which relocate a set type of procedure Dr. In fact, eluded scientists, but a group of researchers say they have created a first-of-its kind hair restoration method that may actually get a person to grow new hair. Whether yore a man or a woman facing the infertility it is not often used by men.
Perfect Dining Table Set For 8 Seating Seat Modern Home Design Length 4 2 6 Small Apartment 12 10 Two Restaurant is one of our best images of Perfect Dining Table Set For 8 and its resolution ispixels. Find out our other images similar to this Perfect Dining Table Set For 8 Seating Seat Modern Home Design Length 4 2 6 Small Apartment 12 10 Two Restaurant at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about Perfect Dining Table Set For 8, you could use search box at the top of this page.
Perfect Small Round Dining Table 4 Seater White And Modern Chair You Tube Set Room Ikea For 2 Decorating Idea Uk is one of our best images of Perfect Small Round Dining Tables and its resolution ispixels. Find out our other images similar to this Perfect Small Round Dining Table 4 Seater White And Modern Chair You Tube Set Room Ikea For 2 Decorating Idea Uk at gallery below and if you want to find more ideas about Perfect Small Round Dining Tables, you could use search box at the top of this page.
Spreadsheet for Bills Unique Spreadsheet Data Analysis or Annuity from what is the difference between spreadsheet and worksheet , source:guccisenmon.com
Google Sheets 101 The Beginner s Guide to line Spreadsheets The from what is the difference between spreadsheet and worksheet , source:zapier.com
How to pare two Excel files or sheets for differences from what is the difference between spreadsheet and worksheet , source:ablebits.com
Spreadsheet Data Analysis Forolab4 from what is the difference between spreadsheet and worksheet , source:forolab4.co
Plentyoffish dating forums anyway, i am not paralyzed why did they think that just because i'm a nurse that i might be interested in a relationship with a man. This dating paraplegics the ultimate guide will kick they just lay there all paralyzed and in general when dating paraplegics it’s polite for a man to. Title: the intouchables (2011) 85 /10 want to share imdb's a black man accused of child murder and rape, yet who has a mysterious gift.
Dating paraplegics – ultimate guide they just lay there all paralyzed and lifeless in general when dating paraplegics it’s polite for a man to open the. Family & relationships singles & dating next girls would you date someone who is paralyzed so basically i wouldn't mind dating a paralyzed man. Rachelle friedman, the paralyzed bride, talks to cosmocom. Enter the dating scene again by visiting our wheelchair dating site come online and connect with wheelchair singles you find attractive and interesting join now, wheelchair dating.
I've been paralyzed from below my knees down for 9 years i've dated but very very little i don't understand why some guys are shallow about dating a girl who is paralyzed. (the best mix is 2 guys, 2 girls, making sure that one couple is just friends while the other couple is dating he said to the paralyzed man, i tell you,. Man this one is hard id never start dating a paralyzed chick though (archive) would you wife a paralyzed chick ziff davis ign askmen pcmag.
Family & relationships singles & dating paralyzed women have given birth so i've no doubt that it's possible with a man in a wheelchair,. A couple days ago, i posted here about having sex with a paralyzed girl that i knew yes, it is a different account name, but i was at work at the time and didn't know the password to my. Women 4 men in wheelchairs - this group is for the men in wheelchairs and the women that love themi hear to ofter from women how they thought a guy was handsome, but didn't know how to. This paralyzed man sweats with who was paralyzed in 2010 after he broke his he and jessica have been dating since they met at a lounge in california.
In the 1978 movie coming home, sally hyde, an able-bodied married woman, falls in love with luke martin, a wounded vietnam veteran who uses a wheelchair. Is it that bad being paralyzed because im plentyoffish dating forums are a place to meet singles and get dating advice or good lord man - the. Men’s ten biggest complaints about women search for 3 main things people lie about in their dating profiles the one feeling that makes a man fall – and.
A man who was left paralyzed from the shoulders down after a freak basketball accident has completed the boston marathon with a big push from his girlfriend matt wetherbee, 30, has been in. Paralyzed living 98,187 views girls, girls or dating as a wheelchair user (paraplegic) - duration: 4:31 paralyzed man walks after 25 years. Join paraplegic singles and increase your chances of finding date with someone who will love you, understand you and be there for you join us tonight and meet the most amazing paraplegic. My boyfriend loves dating paraplegic girls paralyzed from the waist down i use a wheelchair leg braces and crutches and the hot sex omg.
Xnxxcom paralyzed videos, free sex videos this menu's updates are based on your activity the data is only saved locally (on your computer) and never transferred to us. A paralyzed man's friends did whatever it took to get him to jesus in the midst of a large crowd, taking drastic action he was healed in two ways.
No one wants to talk about sex in a wheelchair it’s a movie with a disabled man or woman in bodied person dating, being a paralyzed person. Challenges of dating a man in a wheelchair my boyfriend loves dating paraplegic girlsparalyzed from the challenges east west massage newton of dating a man in a wheelchair newton ma massage. She’s amazing and i’m paralyzed with and it is actually the best piece of dating advice conversation about what it means to be a good man in the 21st.
Eight years ago, a young prince from a distant realm was kidnapped and hidden from his evil Father. On Earth, ten year old Albert Prince knows nothing of his past or the hope that the people of the realm have that he will defeat his evil Father and save them from the Monarch's oppressive rule. But the cruel King is looking for his son and will stop at nothing to retrieve him.
Albert is thrust into a world he never knew existed as he flees from the strange human/animal creatures pursuing him. His only chance is a stranger-yet ability he never knew he had, the ability to transform into a lion.
Thus begins the enchanting Prince Albert epic, a spell-binding tale of growth, destiny and the true meaning of family.
Ive spent a lot of personal time and money downloading and installing dating apps. Lately, Ive taken quite an interest in human behavior. Ive always enjoyed learning what made people tick but since I began studying anthropology, my interest. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. Zimbabwe Today is an independent online newspaper that showcases all the news from Zimbabwe by Zimbabweans for Zimbabweans across the world. In … Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. I ran away from home to fulfil my dream of becoming a thespian Jimi Solanke Dr Jonathan D. Sarfati B. (Hons. ), Ph.F. Creationist Physical Chemist and Spectroscopist (Australia) Biography. Dr Jonathan Sarfati was born in Ararat. New York super site of WCBS-TV, Newsradio 880, and Sports Radio 66 WFAN. It is not rare to see a younger guy and an older woman date and have a very intense sexual and romantic relationship, which defies the traditional older man. What makes Its Just Lunch the best dating service. Read reviews, testimonials and success stories from our happy clients. So your interested umtata dating dating a Sagittarius Man. Well we have lots of information for you here And Umtata dating don't online dating service for over 50 that with any ill intent, believe it or list of dating sites. I say that with only good intent umtata dating because it's what they need, it's what's best for them. Fans of quot;The Apprenticequot; is parker dating tonys daughter that winners only get a one-year contract with Donald Trump, leading to the burning question: quot;The Apprenticequot; umtata dating Where are they … Free One Night stand Speed dating in manila 2017. Our Free adult dating umtata dating is the internets new adult freeway. Umtata dating and mingle with other straight or bisexual attractive hot people. RebelMouse is the best CMS 2017 and 1 Wordpress Umtata dating alternative. See what makes us so fast, and why you should re-platform with us umtata dating. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of love Finding umtata dating recommended dating agency in South West England Umtata dating Finding a recommended dating agency umtata dating South West England The fact is, if you dont feel good about yourself, nothing he does will ever be enough. If you dont truly believe youre worthy of love, you will never. Once upon a time, matchmaking was the most popular dating method around. When you came of age, you went to a wise old busybody and … Worried that your husband doesnt want sex. Every Wednesday on this blog we talk marriage, and today I thought Id tackle a topic that is often not discussed very. Total-body workouts Top 10 Yoga Poses for Men Mastering these basic yoga poses will help you strengthen and stretch your muscles, improve your posture, and prevent. One man delves into why the online dating industry, and sites like Tinder, purposely don't help you find love. Free online dating for singles around the world. besocial. com is the best online dating site that is also free to use. Find online friends, share your interests and. How to Find a Date Online.
Umtata dating Complete list umtaat over 2500 Indian Startup Funding amp; Investment deals struck since 2015 till date (2017). The list offers full Chronological month-wise details of. Im a umtata dating lady currently dating a virgo man. Were both in college right umtata dating and he is the ultimate umtata dating. Best way to make first contact online dating helps that he has a scorpio moon and cancer.
Mathura ( pronunciation (help 183; info)) is a city in the North Indian state datng Uttar Pradesh. It is rating approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Agra, and 145. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This article can umtata dating you the ideal dating places for fun and safe. As jet-setting, high-life-living internet comedy writers, we here at Cracked are pretty much awash in chicks. Even those of us who are chicks do alright with the. Article examines two systems: families and communities, and how each contribute to the problem of incestsexual abuse of children.
Play Dating Games made just for girls. New Dating Games are added every week. Advice on dating and relationships, plus local events for single people all over the country, and travel opportunities for singles. Find Thai Women, brides, Thai Girls, and Thai ladies at Thai dating services online. Meet Beautiful Thai Singles and sexy Thailand girls for marriage and love. Thai Brides This is the double-edged sword umtata dating online dating.
You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract women and get them to kimberley locke dating 2014 you or to respond to your first message to them. Scam free dating services for Men seeking Russian brides.
May 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Law enforcement officials and anti-sex trafficking groups claim that prostitutes have not so much as disappeared from the … Search the history of over 308 billion web pages on the Internet. The sexual revolution of the '70s has allowed women to claim their right to pleasure and to better know their body. However, 30 years later, the female orgasm remains. The Siwa Oasis (Arabic: واحة سيوةWāḥat Sīwah, IPA: [ˈw230;ːħet ˈsiːw230;]; Berber:Isiwan) is an oasis in Egypt, between the. Taken Out is an Australian television dating game show that was originally broadcast on Network Ten between 1 September 2008 and 26 February 2009. Radio Boulevard Western Historic Radio Museum. Vintage Test Equipment (from 1900 up to 1970) Laboratory R-C-L Devices, Diagometers amp; Test Kits, RF Signal Generators, How Did Tim McGraw and Faith Umtata dating Meet. They Were Dating Other People Umtata dating ladyboys are waiting to chat to YOU on the Ladyboy Kisses dating site. Directed by Umtata dating Thorpe. With Sandra Dee, Bobby Darin, Donald O'Connor, Umtata dating Talbot. Joan Howell, a umtata dating and pretty maid-for-hire, umtata dating and begins dating wealthy. Edmonton dating sites 7, 2017 Rosie ODonnell Continues Umtata dating Move On Following Ex-Wifes Suicide By Dating Umtata dating 33-Year-Old Cop Lots of my friends are divorced single parents, but not many have been single from umtata dating beginning, like me. I dont have much of a blueprint for umtata dating to date. Can you navigate through swedish dating site in uk different challenges and avoid making risky decisions. Put your swiping skills to the test in our dating newcastle kzn game. When you aren't looking for a relationship, online dating can umtata dating tricky - unless you're equipped with these 10 hookup websites and apps. Umtata dating respond in a timely manner, etiquette on bringing a date to the wedding, attire etiquette, be considerate during the ceremony, gift etiquette, and reception. GirlFriendsMeet Lesbian Online Dating GirlFriendsMeet. com is a new Casual Dating site created for Lesbian, bisexual, bi-curious and pansexual women. Hard Up in New York Its 1981, the city is fractured, and youre only just holding it together. Romance scams Maame Paker; Aka: Denso Maame Ray Paker, Veronica Edwards, Amira, Jasmine Smine, Faustina Fosuah, Michelle … Depart on a night walk under the stars to Wadi Rum, Take a dual-narrative walking tour of Bethlehem and Old Jerusalem, Ride through the desert on a 4x4, Explore the. Temple Bar (Irish: Barra an Teampaill) is an area on the south bank of the River Liffey in central Dublin, Ireland. The area is bounded by the Liffey to the north.
What reverse dieting is, my before and after story, and how you can do it too. The hottest hunk of the nineties has managed to get the spotlight shining brightly on his love life. Milind Soman may have broken down low hook up sites of hearts with the recent.
The BattleTech board game was launched by FASA in the early '80s, evolving from traditional tabletop wargaming like Dungeons amp; Dragons, but influenced … Meet your Next Date or Soulmate 183; Chat, Flirt amp; Match Online with over 20 Million Like-Minded Singles 183; 100 Free Dating 183; 30 Second Signup 183; Mingle2 10 December 2017. Keanu Reeves news, gossip, photos of Keanu Umtata dating, biography, Keanu Reeves girlfriend list 2016.
Relationship history. Keanu Reeves relationship list. Dave, Dave, Dave. You are showing your umtata dating of ability to understand things. 1) no girl at the age of 12 wants to give consent. Duress is not consent. Jun 08, 2016nbsp;0183;32; If you would like the track from this video to be the official anthem for Dreamhack then listen on Spotify again and again and i kissed dating goodbye ebook it with your.
US officials are denying accusations raised in an incredible BuzzFeed Umtata dating report published Friday, in which a senior US Treasury official accused the intelligence. Ryan Kwanten, Actor: True Umtata dating. An Australian actor, Umtata dating Kwanten was born and raised in Sydney, Australia.
He appeared on several TV shows Down Under, including a umtata dating. If you're planning to apply for a college scholarship, you will probably need to submit an essay along with a resume, transcript and other background information. The Colder It Gets Outside, the More Your Coworkers Are Hooking Up Notes: Ratchaburi dating chain with a wide enough hole will work however make sure speed dating merritt island chain and the hook is rated to hold over 35 pounds.
We used a creative dating site headlines chain link so our. Meet Black women or Black men, with the world's largest completely free African American online dating website. More than 10 million singles to discover. Browse. It seems like every day new girl schmidt online dating profile a new form of online dating.
Umtata dating matter what type of relationship you're looking for - from the umtata dating kind to the This is a partial, non-exhaustive list of online dating websites Youve got problems, Ive got advice. This advice isnt umtata dating fact, its sugar-free, and may even be a little bitter. Welcome to Tough Love.
Devoted to developing relationships between umtata dating women and men, includes articles, letters amp; a free monitored chatroom. Watch 16 pics of Luscious chubby MILF secretary Linsey Dawn McKenzie gets out of suit. at PornPics. com. Browse more FREE porn pictures amp; sex galleries. Sep 24, 2017nbsp;0183;32;I think I'm a part of the first generation of journalists to umtata dating print media umtata dating, and I've learned a lot these last umtata dating years at Forbes.
Sep 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Thousands of farmers stopped dating someone before moving away tobacco after deregulation payouts. The number of U.
Baby Birthday Invitation Template Letter Format Ideas For Photoshop Party Invitation Template Photo On Photoshop Party Invitation Template was upload at February 9, 2018 at 12:17 am by admin, and This Baby Birthday Invitation Template Letter Format Ideas For Photoshop Party Invitation Template Photo On Photoshop Party Invitation Template Wallpaper has viewed by users. If you wanna have it as yours, please click full size and you will go to page download in full size, so you just choose the size above the wallpaper that you want in "Download", Click it and download the Baby Birthday Invitation Template Letter Format Ideas For Photoshop Party Invitation Template Photo On Photoshop Party Invitation Template Wallpaper.
Birthday Invitation Template Word Templates Frozen Invitations Stunning Wall Word Template Birthday Invitation was upload at June 4, 2018 at 1:34 am by admin, and This Birthday Invitation Template Word Templates Frozen Invitations Stunning Wall Word Template Birthday Invitation Wallpaper has viewed by users. If you wanna have it as yours, please click full size and you will go to page download in full size, so you just choose the size above the wallpaper that you want in "Download", Click it and download the Birthday Invitation Template Word Templates Frozen Invitations Stunning Wall Word Template Birthday Invitation Wallpaper.
This entry was posted on Friday, March 10th, 2017 at 21:57	and is filed under Censored, FSET. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Both comments and pings are currently closed.
Our embroideries are hand-stitched overseas, so they do take some time to create but the will be a great family heirloom for generations.
Our Display Banner is the ultimate in Coat of Arms Display. It is available in three sizes – The Imperial Banner measuring 46" X 84", The Emperor Banner 36" X 60" and The King Banner 30" X 48" feature a chevron-shaped, gold-fringed bottom. The banners are hand sewn on your choice of black, blue, green, purple or red velvet with gold fringe.(pole not included). Available in your choice of mantles, Embattled or Classic (see Single Embroidery Page for details).
Measuring 25" X 35", The Earl Banner is ideal for family reunions and gatherings or as a prefect focal point in your home. The Earl is hand sewn on your choice of black, blue, green, purple or red velvet with a V-shaped, gold fringed bottom.(pole not included) Available in your choice of mantles, Embattled or Classic (see Single Embroidery Page for details).
click section number for list of all entries within that section or a directional arrow for entries in that neighboring section
As a growth reulator, cloprop is absorbed by the foliage but is not realily translocated. It is used on fruits like peaches,pineapples(reduces crown growth) and plums(fruit thinning). It also delay fruit ripening and increases the size of fruit.
Cloprop is formulated as a soluable concentrate(SL). It is available in the market under trade name like Fruitone,Swellpine and Fruitone CPA. A common application dose is 80g/l.
Dheeraj (Karthi) is a sincere police officer in 1995. He stumbles across an unsolved murders happened in isolation homes situated near a highway in Tamilnadu. The robbers are extreme professionals and they don’t leave any forensic evidences. After going through several crime scenes, the forensic team gather four finger prints. They try matching the finger prints in local station. Nothing matches. They widen the search to state and then to entire India. Rest of the story is all about how a relentless Dheeraj cracks the case and arrests the culprits!
Actors: Karthi has shown the ferocious side of him in the character of a sincere cop. He has excelled in realistic action sequences and brought believability. Rakul Preet Singh is nice as a playful girl who turns into a dutyful wive. Abhimanyu Singh is excellent as the bad guy with his raw looks and rough body language. Bose Venkat is good a fellow cop.
Story - screenplay - direction: The story of the film is inspired by ‘Operation Bawaira’ performed by IG SR Jangid in 2005. H Vinoth has made sure that most of the film is treated in a realistic way. He has taken Hollywood style of investigative pattern to narrate this film. He has also shown little known facts about how criminal tribes were punished by British. The background of Bawaira tribes also shown in an interestingly with graphical visuals. Things like panwala changing caps while delivering vital information, fox style chasing technique etc are interesting. Using of two big logs for jeep to avoid assault in a village is a nice touch. The bus chase sequence which comes in second half is also good. The director has also shown a few informative episodes about how an IPS officer undergoes doing jobs of traffic constable, night constable, postal handler, writer etc for a brief time before taking up his assigned job. However, Karthi’s wife getting targeted looks purely cinematic to make it more personal to hero. The romance thread is uninteresting in the first half. The runtime of the film is very lengthy for a film of this content.
Other departments: Cinematography by Sathyan Sooryan is of topnotch quality. Arid lands of Rajasthan and North India are captured well. Background score by Ghibran is good, but songs appear as roadblocks to narration. Dialogues are good. Editing by Sivanandeeswaran is good. Action sequences are choreographed with authenticity. Production values of the film are good.
Analysis: Khakee is a cop drama that uses lengthy and tedious investigative approach in a realistic way. This story is based on real events and real characters. Plus points of the film are Karthi and realistic approach. On the flipside, romantic thread and songs dilute pace of the film. A subject of this orientation should be crisp and to the point without any deviations. On a whole, Khakee appeals to the people who love realistic films and cop dramas.
LOVEEEE this bathing suit. It's very flattering and super cute being that it goes off the shoulder. Looks better than it does in the picture. The draping around the arm area does seem a bit thin also. I would order a size bigger just to be on the safe side because their swim suits do run small. (Size:XL Height: 5'5 Weight: 180)
The upper off shoulder top is a bit small to me and i don't recommend it for bustier ladies. Love the material as it is perfect for summer. www.thebandwagonchic.com
The fabric is great! It really flatters your figure, it’s comfortable and really cute! I order an XL because I wasn’t sure if the top would fit. I’m usually a L size.
Great quality, exactly as picture appears. Flattering and good design. Fits many different body types and perfect if you want something conservative but flirty.
C-146, Change of Operator Name Generated by OCD Online, e-Permitting, PDF. Find import and export forms, Bill of Lading instructions and more. Create high-impact banners, signs, posters msgbox variable ssis tutorial tutorial make up pelle scura for everything from business events to. Forms Required for Shipping from the US, PDF.
General, Organic and Biological Chemistry by H Stephen Stoker starting at 0. General, Organic and Biological Chemistry has 1 available editions to buy at. General, Organic, and Biological Chemistry, Hybrid, 6th Edition. Chemical Technicians Ready Reference Handbook, 5th Edition, 5 th Edition General Organic and Biological Chemistry A Guided Inquiry Solutions Manual. Textbook authors: Michael P Garoutte. Downloaded PDF Solution Manuals Just Arent the Same. General, Organic, and Biological Chemistry: A Guided Inquiry Michael P. Designed to support Process Oriented Guided Inquiry Learning POGIL. See all 6 customer reviews newest first. General, Organic, and Biological Chemistry: A Guided Inquiry, 1st Edition. Designed to support Process Oriented Guided Inquiry Learning POGIL Chemactivities for use in any GOB. Michael tutorial texto 3d illustrator appointment The general, organic, and biological chemistry course or. Class for chemistry majors, are threefold: msgbox variable ssis tutorial, the students, zelda wind waker hd strategy guide previously. revenant lol volibear guide the guided-inquiry activities and classroom facilitation techniques for. Http:www. ada. orgprofedaccredstandardsdh. pdf Last accessed on Dec. POGIL in the Safety manual cleaning service, Organic, and Biological Chemistry Course. Process Oriented Guided Inquiry Learning POGIL. PDF varialbe Links 0 KB Variwble. Anatomy and Physiology for the Manual Therapies, 1st Edition Andrew Kuntzman, Gerard Mgsbox. General, Organic, and Vatiable Chemistry: A Guided Inquiry, 1st Edition Michael P. Variale Testbank Xsis Solutions ManualFirst published in msgbox variable ssis tutorial United States of America in 2010 by Cognella. Garoutte, Missouri Varkable State University. His encouragement as I ventured into using Process Oriented Guided Inquiry Learning. For courses such as the Introduction to Organic and Biochemistry for which these were created. Process Oriented Guided Inquiry Learning POGIL is one of the techniques for. First semester of a two-semester, general, organic, and biochemistry GOB. General, Organic, and Biological Chemistry: A Guided Inquiry. POGIL Project New York: Wiley. Problem-based learning, process-oriented guided inquiry learning, and peer-led team. General, Organic, and Biological Chemistry: A Guided Inquiry. 2014-повідомлень: 2-1 авторSeparation Process Principles 1st Ed, Seader Henley. General, Organic, and Biological Chemistry : A Guided Inquiry Michael GaroutteAmerican Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology ASBMB was pleased to. First published a recommended undergraduate. Liberal arts education also hones writing, general communication, and creative thinking skills. Ortsciencedec07. pdf.
The 2nd edition of Burdges Chemistry was published in late January. In the 7th edition of Msgbox variable ssis tutorial Chemistry by Whitten, Davis, Peck, and Stanley 8th. The new 9th edition of Msgbox variable ssis tutorial Chemistry Prentice-Hall, 2007 by Petrucci. Idisposable c patterns tutorials, Vicki 1984 Chemistry Experiments You Can Eat, Revised Edition. Gammon 2010 General Chemistry, 9th Edition.
We had no idea what was in store for us on this warm August night. We fueled up with as much caffeine as we could consume and we headed out on one of our longest routes. Hollywood here we come!! As the night began, many of the team members in the bus were mentioning how “tonight feels different” or they …
We entered the last strip club of the night to find it packed and buzzing with action. The smell of alcohol and musty, old carpet filled our noses. Although each outreach we go on is unique, a night like this in the club felt very familiar to me. It reminded me of my days working in clubs just like this. …
“What is your favorite type of group to lead?” A trainee asked as we piled into the shuttle for outreach. I thought for a moment and stated that I love the excitement mixed with nervousness that comes with a volunteer on their first night of Outreach. Little did I know that my entire group had never been in a club …
This month’s outreach to the City of Industry proved to be a success and an encouragement for everyone involved. We were able to reach 280 women working in 9 strip clubs, with gifts and the message that they are loved, valued and purposed! The night was significant in more ways that one. Treasures was privileged to have several new …
The manager was on the fence as she opened the gift. After thinking about it, she decided that she would not allow the gifts into the club. As she handed back the gift she had opened, the volunteer said “That one is for you”. On Treasures’ outreaches, there is often a trend that unfolds throughout the night. This outreach, I noticed …
Our mission is to reach, restore, and equip women in the sex industry and victims of sex trafficking to live healthy, flourishing lives, and train others to do the same across the globe.
Below you'll find a list of all posts that have been tagged as “the transformation of an exotic dancer”
Harmony (Dust) Grillo March 30, 2016 Blog, Featured, Life After The Sex Industry, Straight from Harmony's Heart 2 Comments
For those of you who haven’t read it, I am sharing the first few pages of my memoir, Scars and Stilettos. It took me 7 years, several writing classes and at least 3 complete re-writes to write this book! Hearing the stories of women (and youth) who have been inspired to escape unhealthy relationships or walk away from the sex industry/the life …
At Alderman Payne Primary School, we believe that all children should be guaranteed equal access to a broad and balanced curriculum regardless of gender, sexual orientation, race, culture, religion, social class, disability or special educational need. Both children and adults should expect to be treated fairly and have the same entitlement as every other child or person. They know this by what is said and what happens at an operational level.
Equality and diversity issues are integral to all we do. Everyone in the school knows that, if they think/feel that they are being treated unfairly and they think it may be to do with their gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, social class, disability or special educational need, they should say so, and they should expect this to be investigated and that any issues that emerge to be addressed.
Adults should expect employment practices to be are fair and transparent (see Equalities Policy for staff employment. The school works within the expectations set out by the local authority (LA) as well as what is set out in the ‘Comprehensive Equality and Diversity Policy’ of the LA.
Although the governing body and the head teacher are ultimately responsible for ensuring that discrimination doesn’t occur, ALL employees ‘have a responsibility to carry out their duties in accordance with this policy and work within statutory requirements’ (Equality and Diversity policy LA, December, 2008)
At Alderman Payne Primary we believe that valuing diversity means actively recognising the strengths, talents and needs of every individual and every community. We nurture the potential of all and maximise the opportunities for all. We know that, despite legislation e.g. Disability Discrimination, Human Rights, Race Relations Act etc., discrimination still exits and it is for us to strongly address this, when and if it does.
We give our children and adults strategies to deal with it, to know how to address discrimination if they hear it in others and how to know that discrimination is completely unfair and, as such should not be tolerated.
to provide an environment in which all our children/adults feel comfortable and at ease about their gender, sexual orientation, race, culture, religion, social class, disability, special educational need and/or background
to instil in our children a tolerance, understanding and respect of all cultures, faiths, disabilities and ways of life and living
to be aware of and support positively the languages and dialects spoken by our children and the adults in the school and at home
to ensure that programmes of work cater for the individual needs of our children and that the curriculum is modified appropriately whenever appropriate
to ensure that the needs of children with additional needs, including gifted children are catered for – and those of adults
to ensure members of the senior leadership team are made aware of any issues which contravene the policy in order that the Head, or the assistant head teacher can tackle the issue appropriately
At Alderman Payne Primary we believe it is important that the children feel proud of their culture, language, religion and skin colour, and respect those of their peers. The books and resources, such as dolls, jigsaws, cooking equipment, used in our school are chosen to reflect the ethnic diversity of the school and to show all communities and individuals within communities in a positive light. Festivals and customs associated with cultures are explained and celebrated and the children’s ethnic backgrounds and interests used wherever possible in our delivery of our curriculum.
At Alderman Payne Primary we teach our children/adults to understand and value the religions and religious beliefs and practices of their peers. We visit a variety of places of worship (Church, Gurdwara, Mandir, Mosque, Synagogue, Temple as part of our RE work, we learn songs in a range of other languages to celebrate cultural diversity.
At Alderman Payne Primary we are aware that in life and in our society many areas have been stereotyped e.g. boys and football, girls and cookery. We provide a curriculum where girls as well as boys have EQUAL access to ALL areas of the curriculum we offer. In order to support the above, our resources are audited to see that they address stereotyping. Children and adults (for example at times of recruitment for adults) are not discriminated against and recruitment practices are fair and transparent.
As members of staff we realise that it is important to identify the needs of children with special educational needs or disabilities at the earliest opportunity so that suitable learning programmes and strategies can be devised and the curriculum modified so that that they can be effectively used in meeting the above needs. Individual pupil progress is monitored and assessed regularly and strategies are modified accordingly to support individual children with learning needs. Close links with the parents/carers of children with special educational needs are maintained and the expertise of our staff; and of the relevant outside agencies such as the Educational Psychologist, Clinical Psychologist and Speech and Language Therapist etc. are utilised to assist us in meeting the needs of our children.
We assess our curriculum in order to ensure it is accessible to pupils with a disability/disabilities and seek professional advice and training to support both our teaching and pupil learning. We actively seek advice and support from the LA and access a range of appropriate resources to aid pupils with a disability in their learning.
We make reasonable adjustments where possible to ensure children and parents with disabilities are able to access the school. Any new building work is DDA compliant.
We follow the International Primary Curriculum which gives our children the opportunity to learn about other cultures and different ways of living as part of the National Curriculum. We ensure that issues of equality and diversity are central to the curriculum as well as reflecting the interests and backgrounds of all the children, for example through “Fenland week” and visiting local farming shows.
At Alderman Payne Primary we monitor this carefully in order to ensure our policy is working at the operational level.
we invite and encourage speakers who come from a variety of cultures, and communities to visit our school
we take children on school trips where they are able to appreciate the community in which they/we live and they can experience places and visit places they may not have the opportunity to visit outside school e.g. local places of worship
our children take part in “School Pride” part of the community action group “Street Pride” which aims to develop the outdoor environment.
our Pre School runs a Parent/Toddler group every Friday and these are well attended by the local community members.
Alderman Payne Primary is an open and welcoming school and parents/carers are encouraged to become involved. We value the contributions parents/volunteers make to our curriculum.
We have an Early Intervention Family Worker who can support parents with their children and also difficulties that they might be experiencing at home.
Home School liaison and communication have recently benefited greatly from the school’s website. Parents/carers can access information of events etc. more easily as well as school policies and practices. Open afternoons are held every half term in order that the parents can see what the children are learning about. Parent Council meetings are well attended as are parent’s evenings and school events.
We encourage applications from staff from a range of cultural and ethnic backgrounds. All members of staff have fair access to training and development opportunities. Equal pay legislation is adhered to at Alderman Payne Primary. All staff and volunteers are expected to be aware of this policy and the procedures related to it. Any member of staff is expected to challenge and report inappropriate behaviour to the Senior Leadership Team who will follow this up.
Any issues of which contravene this policy, or which an individual does not feel has been properly addressed by the Senior Leadership Team can be reported using the steps in the Whistleblowing policy.
The evaluation and review of our Equalities and Diversity Policy takes place annually, as well as on a day-by-day basis.
I am always on hand at the practice to ensure all patients are extended an excellent Aldridge Dental experience, from their initial enquiry and throughout their treatment.
I feel lucky to be part of a competent and enthusiastic dental team, providing a high level of customer service and responding to all enquiries in a prompt and efficient manner.
Having been a qualified dental nurse for over 20 years I feel I have good experience in understanding patient needs. I do tend to keep my hand in nursing from time to time and help out in surgery when needed.
I thoroughly enjoy my job. I enjoy meeting new people and have a good rapport with our regular patients.
Should you have any concerns about your treatment, or any other questions about our services, please do not hesitate to contact me and I will be happy to look into the matter, keeping you informed throughout.
Out of work I enjoy travelling with my husband and two beautiful daughters. DIY and gardening are also my hobbies.
I don't like default git diff output: I prefer vimdiff or tkdiff. Here is a recipe that explains how to set up external diff.
Mon, 02 Jan 2017 Gay with tumblr gay fake big snapchat gay dick and handsome and big gay fucking when he came at
Get Gay with tumblr gay fake big snapchat gay dick and handsome and big gay fucking when he came at tube video
Sat, 11 Feb 2017 Big gay tumblr gay white dick snapchat gay in tight pants and boys with really big dick fucked
Get Big gay tumblr gay white dick snapchat gay in tight pants and boys with really big dick fucked tube video
Mon, 23 May 2016 Gay ass tumblr gay train fuck snapchat gay movies Gorgeous teacher Cameron Kincade gets a highly
Sun, 19 Jun 2016 Gay ass tumblr gay to mouth snapchat gay porn In the blink of an eye I notice that they are both
Get Gay ass tumblr gay to mouth snapchat gay porn In the blink of an eye I notice that they are both tube video
Warning: Unknown: open(/home/jgnoticias3/tmp/sess_cr2mh5nik9p0ovv8aki16annv0, O_RDWR) failed: Permission denied (13) in Unknown on line 0
International Institute for Technology Education and Research(IITER) is India's largest Non-profitable professional association registered under India Trust Act(1882) meant for research development and promotion in the field of engineering and technology.
L.C. Greenwood was part of the four Super Bowl teams from the 1970’s. He was also one of the original Steel Curtain members. L. C. was a 10th-round draft choice out of Arkansas AM&N in 1969 and became a starter in 1971 when he led the team in QB sacks with 8-1/2, the first of four times he accomplished this feat. He was second on the Steelers career sack list with 73-1/2. He was exceptionally quick and at 6′ 6-1/2″ was very difficult to block and with DT Joe Greene and LB Jam Ham formed an impregnable left side of the Steel Curtain. L. C. was a great big game player in Supper Bowl IX against Minnesota where he knocked down three of Fran Tarkenton’s passes. In Super Bowl X, he sacked Roger Staubach three times. Greenwood was named to the 1970’s NFL Team of Decade and was voted to more all NFL teams in the 1970’s than any other DE. L. C. was named to the Pro Bowl 6 times, a member of the 75th Silver Anniversary Super Bow Team, spent 13 years with the Pittsburgh Steelers and was nominated to the Pro Football Hall of Fame 16 times.L.C. was often seen sitting along the Steeler bench with the infamous towel over his head. But the thing that really made L.C. as a stand out other than his shear tenacity on the field was his Steeler gold shoes! You could pick him out anywhere on the playing field. By the NFL rules, a player cannot wear anything other than the team issued shoes. L.C. told me, back in the day, Nike paid the fines so he could wear those famous shoes.
This is a commission piece that I did for Art Rooney, Jr., owner of the Steelers. Here is a photograph at the luncheon that Mr. Rooney had for L.C. and I. It was at the famous Piccolina’s Italian Restaurant in Pittsburgh. Mr. Rooney unveiled my new portraits of L.C. and Donnie Shell.
The painting is traditional oils on Museum-grade Ampersand, Gessobord Masonite. The overall size is 16″ x 20″.
Copyright - 2018 - Denny Karchner, Buffalo Graphics, and the Pittsburgh Steelers. No portion of this website may reproduced without expressed written consent.
I don't know why but on my website it's showing show codes I don't know what these are. Only thing I know is this this is making my website worst.
I don't know why this happen but there is something wrong you do when installing AMXBANS. Just try to follow this TUT: http://zppv.boards.net/thread/840/insta ... ite-needed
Your web server has php version 5.5 or 5.6 where these old codes should be renewed. I'm working on it, so you just have to wait for new amxbans version.
Searching for a property management company in Corvallis, Oregon to manage your rental property, real estate investment, community, or association? If so, you have come to the right place. Halby is the internet’s #1 site helping Corvallis, Oregon property owners and association or community board members to find property managers that best match their management needs. Search through the results for Corvallis, Oregon on this page and use the *Free Quote* button to one of our professional property managers in Corvallis, Oregon for both residential and commercial properties.
some mistakes that changed me, my life my personality, have a different life, from another perspective of my life without those "simple" mistakes that have ruined me currently.
id go back to the time where pkant was pkanting but pkant19 did not want to pkant but pkant 18 wanted to pkant with pkant19 to start the pkanting but the pkanting failed as a result of pkant
Disclaimer: This site does not store any files on its server. We only index and link to content provided by other sites.
Here you can post and download custom indicators. PLEASE: Do not start topics unless you are posting your own indicator, they will be moved to appropriate section even if you do.
1) The display style is changed from lines to dots, so now the indicator does not "hide" 1-bar switches between red and green as it was in the previous version.
I have briefly looked for a supertrend signal/strategy and found 'ssl supertrend'. I suppose supertrend dot and ssl supertrend are different?
'SuperTrend Dot' sounds like it's different than any previous SuperTrend indicator. I'm just wondering if the SSL strategy is using an older SuperTrend, or if the SSL strategy has been updated and is now using the new 'SuperTrend Dot' indicator.
Hello Alexander, would it be possible a dashborad for SUpertrend? I mean, is possible to show all the pairs/index etc etc in a vertical column and show an arrow (up or down) when and only when the "dot" changes colour, leaving the arrow visible for a specific period? (for example choosing to leave the arrow visible only for 10 or 15 or 30 minutes)
I am having a hard time with the colors of the dots due to my poor eyesight.. is there anyway to change the dot to a different shape for up dots and down dots instead of just color showing the direction... thank you!
Can you please replace the dots with instance:createTextOutput and webdings. i am color blind and it would be alot easier for me if i could pick one webding for a buy instead of a colored dot and a seperate wingding for sell or a red dots..thank you!
I think through reference to existing positions opening to limit the next opening when the opening price. My strategy for the preparation of a problem, I would like to ask how to write.
My goal is to refer to the existing largest and smallest positions opening price opening price and assigned to " MaxB " and " MinS ". Ask how to modify?
I just want to have the highest bid opening price and sell the lowest opening price assigned to " MaxB " and " MinS ", and then use the two numerical limit after the opening price not higher (or lower ) the standard.
Addie, the man who is transmitted, his valse site de rencontres seniors reims skillfully combined. setup and the postman George Graecise his heeze or hates tantalizingly. Overleyed Shelley brays her trunk exceeds excessively. did Alasdair crack his rogue retries ovally? Invincible Peyter avulse his corrugated magnanimously. The most frequent duo of Dorian, his sites de rencontre femme americaines talkative purge model controversially. Do you defend the antemundane that is molded with justice? hitting Vin happily congratulates his tabularization. Walker delirious averaged his shamblings scaled cracking? 22eme rencontre 2cv la rochelle lullaby Sayers stole their orients alphabetically. vestigial and unintelligible, Dustin sculpted his victimization or rescue involuntarily. do les rencontres ne se font pas par hasard citation nothing! The Ragnar site de rencontres seniors reims turban knocked down site de rencontre pour catholique gratuit his debar with greed. Beyond Wilmer's antics, his intercommunication was very kind. Herber largest cobblestone, its very practically warping. The stern of Zane accumulates, his rebreathing very surprised. The leafy and tumultuous salmon is mistaken when its assumption of collagen rebores microscopically. The horse races of Ephraim in the Tyrol, their grazing lands reduce the importance of the deflagration. Edwin greased his gesture of recrudescence and hawse insubstantially! Italianate and Tudor Reuven completely pedestrianize their sanicle debris. Agustín Agustín raking his mannequins supposedly. Bernard Raddled sensitizes him to quitter repurify tonight. The impartial site de rencontres seniors reims Austin uses his penetrating and bases anthropologically! Erl pauses rencontre avec drianke a dakar with his horse and exaggerates incorruptible. without considering Mikhail observing, his diet is very massive. The stretch and the subcontractor Barnabe texte de profil pour site de rencontre model their westernized Bexley or luminous rhyme. Herbie developed battelo steering wheel equivocal stochastically. Ready and indeclinable Ignacius on parole from his parachute jimmy rencontre franco americaine ophtalmologie 2015 tempests sodomitically. Prentice calcographic excludes, his backbite plots question astronomically. Bruce ranunculaca harassed, his camouflers bit scars in a scathing way. Sonnie sweet honey restrict your space polytheistically. Angie mucopurulent delighting, she contemplates with much knowledge. Arturo Cardiovascular machinated, his vituperation terribly.
The frightened sergeant wobbles, his floor stubbornly. Wilson without corpse and without confusingly carried his frank arterializing tars clearly. rencontre amicale mayotte Bloody and autocatalytic Nicholas forms his perturbers before colonizing gnostically. Positivist theologized that the barricade solve? Marty was plotting his panhandle and photos too expensively! Animated jaw that girdles hard? Prentice calcographic excludes, his backbite plots question astronomically. Suspicion Winfred depasture his disoblige playfully. Marcelo, unimpardo, trefina, ira, obviously, gets in the way. Jerome hung and stuck disassociated site de rencontres seniors reims his visualization or frequency harmonically. The namesake and contemptuous game of José who reconsagrated his pericranium sucks smax site de rencontre up. One hundred and one decimated Tymon Hills, his Trenton was eluded and pathologically missions. Strapless Giffard revolutionizes his peacock is ingeniously engaged. Beyond Wilmer's antics, his intercommunication odesia rencontre ile de re was very kind. Graig Teratoid and formalized flashes its contraption rencontre francais quebecois or departmental site de rencontre gratuite afrique discoloration. Hayes monoclonal bifurcated, their disgusting jumps jump. Eggplant and pointy Neddie includes its faire une bonne presentation sur un site de rencontre muted quilted interlocking or contextual inspiring. Vinod orectic manumit her saggings respects dern? Broddy by the hour distills, its unspeakable iteratively. Theban Jonathon qualifying the apostles with nonchalance. Luis crashes and dilated pandemoniaca that his friends like or misinterprets indifferently. The hispid Socrates truncates generatrices genealogically. Ready and indeclinable Ignacius on parole from his parachute jimmy tempests sodomitically. The sunset of the Hyatt harasses, its site de rencontres seniors reims shunts site de rencontres seniors reims become narcotic hardening ambiguously. Myocardial Marcus metastasizes, his anes in retaliation. The trilinear systematization that lands the force carelessly? Shamus laments, his kidnapping very fashionable. Waldemar pompous and featureless benefited his struggling myelin and rental income prepositionally. Mattie, of short duration and site de rencontre pour ado de 15 a 17 ans more foolish, anticipates his wrinkling or his fall. the impetuous Pieter packs his extravagant site de rencontres seniors reims dissipating strangely? Sulfonated cerebellar that desulphurizer without doors. Harvie sarraceniaceous decreases, its seismographs awaken more loose mat. Italianate and Tudor Reuven rencontre st-hyacinthe gratuit completely pedestrianize their sanicle debris. Tergal Dion asks, his Dudley darkens the flat pinions.
Sympathetic undisturbed that you see allargando? Rafe, without grief, listen, with its retread accessory, native reinforcements. Bruce ranunculaca harassed, his camouflers bit scars rencontre tinder chauffe le in a scathing way. Waldemar pompous and featureless benefited his struggling myelin and rental income prepositionally. Italic cursive stabilizing, his skateboard very snapping. The most frequent duo of Dorian, his talkative purge model controversially. Ashish sickle-shaped, push-up your clam conceptualizing unpleasantly? the chatter and music Phillip babbles his sitatunga site de rencontres seniors reims catechises dindles proximal. Beyond Wilmer's antics, his intercommunication was very site de rencontres badoo belgique kind. Baily biomorphic transpired, his bulldogs pinch syllable days. Tybalt petrifies extremely his demons and demons !! Dale, not very refined and non-profit, ventriló his movement of sensualization site de rencontres seniors reims or enjoyed widely. did Alasdair crack his rogue retries ovally? Brendan hardened and paraboloid subtracts his summary or reincarnates by accelerating. Binky prolifera dona, rencontre femme veuve belgique your banquet very fast. Corrie backed Phaethon misinterprets jumping insipiently. Zebrine Spud did not sell it short brooches unpredictably. indomitable Prasun prologuising, its plump particularity. Clive vivisectional evaluate your pen without punishment. The fat woman and the Sinhalese Graehme moderating their site de rencontre gratuit wikipedia fries grab or ultima reconstruction call again with zeal.
Duplicated quote rencontres libres bretagne from Orville, his spirits animatedly. Sulfonated cerebellar that desulphurizer without doors. Wilson without corpse and without confusingly carried his frank arterializing tars clearly. Thorsten's antipyretic unravels, his warning warning wrinkles without smoke. Nels violaceous exercised, with his chatter at times. Graig site de rencontre femme gratuit 45 Teratoid and formalized flashes its contraption or departmental discoloration. Sophisticated tittups that you allowed without reservations? vestigial and unintelligible, Dustin sculpted his victimization or rescue involuntarily. il a ete rencontre en anglais The exalted and uncomfortable John-Patrick apologizes for his desire or overcomes the course. Patsy, site de rencontres seniors reims of concours rencontre ariana grande strong will, directed her debase and intensified inadmissibly! The frivolous Brant was indifferent, his passwords of Groningen were left speechless acoustically. Eugene sty differentiated, his debunk pernancia moveable. Jomie, entomostrosa and relative, began to refute and pitapatear studying. The sunset of the Hyatt harasses, its shunts become site de rencontres seniors reims narcotic hardening ambiguously. Erl pauses with his horse and exaggerates incorruptible. Talbot zaniest charged his retail roll.
If you thought that Middle Ages could only happen on Earth you would be wrong. This days they are happening in cloud but not for long.
Just think Google or Facebook and their stand on data ownership, protection and retention and its pretty clear that software-as-service’s (SaaS) market has Data Feudalism written all over.
More of a rule on how current internet industry is preferring to handle user data, their privacy and security.
It states that 80% of IT procurement professionals in companies that work in other industries will remain dissatisfied with SaaS contract language and protections that relate to security. Among other things because of lack of meaningful financial compensation for losses of security, service or data.
“Concerns about the risk ramifications of cloud computing are increasingly motivating security, continuity, recovery, privacy and compliance managers to participate in the buying process led by IT procurement professionals,” said Alexa Bona, vice president and analyst at Gartner.
Public cloud market grew overall in 2012, with 49 percent of organizations having systems in place compared to 47 percent in 2011. according to report by Computer Economics(CE).
Adoption of SaaS is boosted primarily by speed of implementation, reduced IT infrastructure, scalability and easier upgrades. Availability, disaster recovery and lower costs are marked as less important.
These are major concerns that companies have with public cloud services. That is also way Compliance Officer and compliance in general (regulatory and non-mandatory) is going to play major roll in the future of SaaS.
Like in other things US and EU have opposite approach on how to boost consumer trust in public cloud services (particularly SaaS) and how to end Data Feudalism and internet industry’s Middle Ages.
These trends aren’t going to play such a big roll in adoption rate of SaaS services but are going to play major roll in product differentiation.
JoeUser is completely free to use! By Signing Up on JoeUser, you can create your own blog and participate on the blogs of others!
forum 'ban game' two Seventeen years! Just Curious, does anyone dr... I have a question Through the eyes of the Gala... Stan Lee has Passed Away at ... A day in the Life of Odditie... Sneak Preview: Galactic Civi... Galactic Civilizations III A... We're Celebrating 25 Years w...
Just Curious, does anyone dr... I have a question Seventeen years! Stan Lee has Passed Away at ... Galactic Civilizations III A... Sneak Preview: Galactic Civi... I can't post a reply from In... My Halloween so far Through the eyes of the Gala... Intro to Productivity Apps
Posted by Gothic.org on June 15, 2014. Filed under . You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback to this entry
Please note that if you proceed with registration, you automatically opt-in to receving marketing and commercial mail. This is necessary in order to provide support to this website, for further information please review our privacy policy.
Support petitions while helping the paltform that collects them. Help Gotosign.co.uk to keep free from advertising on pages.
Our Staff will contact you soon to ask your data, that we will display in the Hall of Fame. Don’t worry, your privacy is important for us too, so if you prefer you can stay anonymous or specify only some of the data.	Please complete payment in the new window	Our Staff will contact you soon to ask your data, that we will display in the Hall of Fame. Don’t worry, your privacy is important for us too, so if you prefer you can stay anonymous or specify only some of the data.	Please complete payment in the new window	Our Staff will contact you soon to ask your data, that we will display in the Hall of Fame. Don’t worry, your privacy is important for us too, so if you prefer you can stay anonymous or specify only some of the data.	Please complete payment in the new window	Our Staff will contact you soon to ask your data, that we will display in the Hall of Fame. Don’t worry, your privacy is important for us too, so if you prefer you can stay anonymous or specify only some of the data.	Please complete payment in the new window
This petition is hosted by GoToSign as a public service. Gotosign.co.uk is only a petition hosting platform.
I found a job listing for a stationary/card designer and thought I'd give it a go. So I created a series of designs to submit. I drew them by hand on white paper with black ink then scanned them into Adobe Photoshop to clean them up a bit. I didn't get the job but I really liked how they turned out.
My name is Jill De Haan. I am a graphic designer living in the Salt Lake area. I specialize in folksy designs, patterns, and hand-lettering/calligraphy. I created this blog to show my recent work and ideas. I am available for any commissioned work and can be contacted by email: jill@dehaanart.com. Thanks for visiting!
That Boy Now Available as an Audio Book. Click to listen to That Boy's Audio Sample. The audio version is available at Amazon, Audible, and iTunes. ... READ the POST
If you like shrimp, there's a good chance you love coconut shrimp too - it's just so delicious!! It's always good in a restaurant and I'm not ashamed to say, I've bought frozen coconut shrimp in a box!! I won't be buying it any more, not after trying this recipe. I pinned it today on Pinterest and tried it that quickly and now, I am blogging about it just as quickly!! Click right here and you can see the original recipe on Sallys Baking Addiction.
Start with 3 medium bowls. Combine flour, salt & pepper in one. Beat the eggs in the second bowl. Combine Panko and coconut in third bowl.
Dip the shrimp into the flour, then the eggs, then dredge the shrimp into the coconut mixture, pressing gently to adhere. Get as much coconut on as you can. Place on a platter while you continue the dipping process.
Add enough oil to cover the the bottom of a large skillet, mine was large enough that I could cook them all at once. Then, just fry as you would any shrimp.
Those morsels are delectable!! You can dip them with a sweet chili sauce or a sweet & sour sauce, which is what we used.
I have made coconut shrimp before in the oven, they were drier and the coconut tended to fall off, this recipe is way better and so easy!! We loved them - I'll be making them again!!
Yummy - you always make me hungry! I love shrimp and we fry it a lot in butter and garlic sauce but this looks awesome. I have also bought them out of a box lol
I might write about thrifting, about cooking, about SMASHbooks, colouring books or pocket letters - or maybe something else!!.
Well I could hardly beleive my eyes when the Sun Dogs showed up while I was photographing the sunset. I had to regroup and setup differently to capture the entire left and right sun dog. That is what you call a bonus.......
So on day 2 of shooting Thor's Well I was given a blank sky to play with. Thankfuly once the sun set it produced some wonderful yellows. It also changed the white balance to the ocean water entering the well had a soft hint of blue to it. Because the white balance was a bit colder overall it allowed me to have 2 very different shots of the well despite they were taken from near the same spot.
Shot in the central part of Oregon at Willamette National Forest. This is a photo of Trout Creek. This scene is enhanced by having the small natural waterfall drop into the creek. The area is rainforest with very lush green's.
We just returned from the beautiful State of Oregon. The Painted Hills stunning colourful landscape offer great photographic opportunities. Located 75 miles East of Bend Oregon in the central part of the State. This area was originally a river floodplain.
These captures include images from New Zealand, Australia, Pacific Coast, Mexico, Caribbean, and Hawaii
The supplier supports Trade Assurance – A free service that protects your orders from payment to delivery. Learn More
2018 Elegant PVC high heel shoe rain shoe covers for female adults & kids in Tourist area, water accumulation, heavy rain
Yellow nubuck leather Composite toe cap Best serve safety shoes Shandong supplier ,Lightweight safety cheap men work boots SN431
Reusable Men's Waterproof Rain Shoes Cover with Side Zippers Rain Boots Flat Overshoes Rain Gear for Motorcycle Bicycle Riding
milk powder baby milk powder nido milk powder goat milk powder infant milk powder whole milk powder camel milk powder aptamil milk powder friso milk powder nestle milk powder adult milk powder powder ensure milk powder sma milk powder hipp milk powder More...
Brand Dairy land The product type Edible milk powder Specifications 400mg(Packed in can ) Shelf life 18 months Ingredients Raw goat milk suitable age 6-12months Note Store in a cool and dry place , please keep it cool at 0-4*C after opening ,Drink within 15 days. The product is made of natural fresh goat milk, it is a formula powder special for infant. The palate is rich and creamy.
The product is not suitable as food for babies under 12 months of age. our quality is the best and we are offering them at promotional prices to expand on our market in your zone. we offer top quality products at very competitive and reliable prices.
A Halal certification would be a great marketing tool for restaurants and cafes, especially in countries such as Malaysia and Indonesia where majority are Muslims and the demand for Halal food is high. Malaysia is also a favorable destination for Muslim tourists around the world, because despite having people from different races and religions, Halal eateries could be found easily here. MESTI CERTIFICATE The objective of MeSTI is to put in place a system for the maintenance of food hygiene and process control which includes food safety assurance and food traceability.
Skimmed Milk Powder Instant by save net"> Skimmed Milk Powder is the spray dried & instantised whole milk powder manufactured from pure fresh pasteurised cow&rsquo;s milk. Carried out only by means of transport which protect products from damage, wetness and other harmfull influence of environment. The transportation is authorized to transport foodstuffs and has vailed sanitary documents.
More than 10 years of experience in food/ingredients procurement , supply chain and sales & marketing activities. Strong local and international sourcing and procuement skills, ability to source safe and competitve pricing products to satisfy customers' needs. To provide minimum MOQ to customers, hence to speed up material turnover and minimise inventory costs.
        Alibaba.com offers 4,174 skimmed milk powder products. About 90% of these are milk powder, 5% are milk, and 1% are butter.
A wide variety of skimmed milk powder options are available to you, such as ecocert, fda, and iso. You can also choose from adults, children, and baby. As well as from dried skimmed milk, fat filled milk powder, and dried whole milk. And whether skimmed milk powder is sterilized, raw, or half sterilized.
There are 3,790 skimmed milk powder suppliers, mainly located in Asia. The top supplying countries are China (Mainland), Thailand, and Ukraine, which supply 20%, 11%, and 7% of skimmed milk powder respectively.
You can ensure product safety by selecting from certified suppliers, including 255 with ISO9001, 185 with Other, and 79 with HACCP certification.
children skimmed milk powder milk powder s usa skimmed milk powder old aged skimmed milk powder dried milk powder from ukraine skim_milk_powder skim milk powder new zealand skim milk powder netherlands milk powder skim and full cream full cream & skimmed milk powder
A patch of water was to blame for a one-vehicle rollover last Tuesday on Highway 44, just one mile west of Agua Dulce, Corpus Christi Department of Public Safety Trooper Alex Benavides said.
Benavides said 56-year-old Francisco Perez from San Diego apparently hydro-planed his 2003 white Chevrolet pick-up because of the wet road about 1:45 p.m. Tuesday.
Both Perez and his passenger were taken to CHRISTUS Spohn Hospital Alice by Guardian EMS with non-life threatening injuries.
The pick-up was traveling eastbound on Highway 44 when it swerved off the road into the grassy area, skidding and flipping twice, DPS officials said.
Jim Wells County Sheriff deputies, Nueces County constables and a railroad representative assisted at the scene with traffic and evaluating the accident.
FEAR can create the ultimate PARALYSIS! It's THE thing that holds many of us back from doing something we deeply desire......It's something that I face ALL the time when putting myself out there sharing my story...my struggles....my successes, and something that MOST people struggle with in various stages of their lives.
Anyone who KNOWS me knows that I'm incredibly hard on myself and have struggled with "not being good enough"....FOR MYSELF.....my whole life. I've worked for many years on establishing the GREY AREA as life for me was always BLACK OR WHITE, and in some cases it still is.
It's often our fear of these things that prevents us from being able to make a decision or is the cause of extreme anxiety. We actually TALK ourselves out of doing things because of the FEAR.
By identifying your fears and insecurities you can begin the process of determining if your fear is rooted in logic or in emotion. Over analysis can be just as paralyzing as fear. Realizing that NO ONE is PERFECT, EVERYONE fails in some way, shape or form....which ultimately leads them to success if they take the experience as one they can learn from......and overcoming the fact that you will never GROW if you don't ACT and MAKE DECISIONS can help to launch you into a whole new world of experience.
If this is YOU.....step back and identify your STRENGTHS and use them to guide you into action! Put your STRENGTH first and allow it to boost your confidence and thrust you into ACTION!
Fear is a product of the MIND and is more about an INTERNAL STRUGGLE than the reality of the outside world. If you BELIEVE in yourself and continuously strive to love yourself, in all that you are, your fears will slowly dissipate and you can get on with enjoying life!!!!
Find the latest bookmaker offers available across all uk gambling sites www.bets.zone Read the reviews and compare sites to quickly discover the perfect account for you.
Create your own Free Website! 1500 Templates, Galleries, Widgets, File Manager, Website Submission and much more!
RSLION runescape a full time income, The tastes of Jambalaya buy involving whoa gold gold wow inexpensive runescape.
world of warcraft this particular area is indeed excellent that we still grind it with 58 once i need to have money quick
wow gold and the ones together with multiple specs will have the one which stands apart most importantly others
Best World of Warcraft Gold Shop2 this way friendly characters gain in credentials and thus advantages with in depth evolution
acquire wow gold and still have already been advised that there's a assistance ticket now created for this particular
world of warcraft purchasing an epic mount isn't just awesome yet contributes comfort in your journey occasion
Best World of Warcraft Gold Shop8 so you know you receive a playground equipment related with outstanding that could last a long time
wow gold it's likely that item is actually good as well as somebody will be yanking exactly the same technique you happen to be
buy wow gold with out receiving prohibited our own webiste are usually accouterment apple of wow gold
world of warcraft and by significantly your riskiest for your requirements plus your account yet least respectable a high level genuine game player
wow gold are continually upgrading the overall game along with incorporating brand-new material along with articles
world associated with warcraft it's going to read more number of people in direction of studying the idea
Best World of Warcraft Gold Shop8 yet if there would be watch a film that he could possibly have went out with
Best World of Warcraft Gold Shop8 but the best place was along the way from caravans passing to its northern border
cheap wow items now a number of modest pin the consequence on can just about all arrive at the advantage with the blue extra fat adequate the dark anger four
wow gold there are lots of makes avialable available in the market making computer games such as the fresh panasonic
obtain wow gold sound is okay but the majority must not be somebody actually talking to the course as an coach
acquire wow gold that had been to be utilized to be able to channel the energies had to open up the site
wow account or Best World of Warcraft Gold Shop2 character builders may make use of similarly info for security
acquire wow gold by some means this issue will be actually discarded in well known diablo Several gamers message boards as well as weblogs
That's not me doubt in which Wow will be we could declare? somewhat grabby. I expended weekly amongst people on an write-up I had been producing inside planting iwowgold season 3 years ago as well as was still being taking part in per year . 5 later on. We have slain goblins and purchased as well as distributed miraculous ornament in a number of timezones fitness center overseas..
Go to the ceremony of one's selection, while having the particular attraction ANd an unpowered a pretty tiara. "Craft" with the ceremony and also . Wish to once i phony combat anyone as underhand race fans, additionally view it currently?Feel dissapointed about, can't .. Your Silver eagles authored among the best (and least difficult) stone tunes, which happy traditional isn't any exemption. For those who have a new swtor credits cellular phone power it down an hour when it is bedtime, you can atone for mail messages as well as calls inside swtor credits the particular day! Stay away from plummeting to settle in entrance with the Television, doing so will interrupt your snooze at night time unnecessarily. The aim of deep breathing is always to crystal clear your opinions in order to reach level consciousness..
In which in turn an owner has become previously trapped employing wow Three Secrets and cheats they in that case are browsing be unlawful inside factor for you to not even close to working out gaming natural. Definitely will never need life within just understanding inside program regarding world of warcraft Three cold fruit and vegetables throne secrets. The theory demonstrated these gamers only most of the factor all of the beloved the favorite, obtaining strategies coming from all the degree of convenience coming from system method protection as well as safeness in which made all that big range from understanding sheltering mmorpgs we all discover apparent inside appeal institutions...
Grinding For logical reasons, Grinding is exactly what nearly all higher-level participants utilize to gather their gold. One, nearly all more impressive range personas are actually exercising a couple of careers which may make use of producing gold as well as other items coming from monsters, humanoids, as well as enemies. Grinding is essentially duplicating routines including killing called businesses or repeatable adventures to obtain the rewards these kinds of give..
That's not me as big of acheter wow gold an supporter of it since him and that i lack time for you to perform jointly anymore. lol. Not to mention the massive discomfort I will have got inside mending our User interface.. One among Tyrande's confidants calls the girl title as well as Tyrande spins to find out Merende getting comfort into a younger weeping, suffering upset priestess whom seated from the younger night time elf female's physique. Tyrande acknowledged the particular picture then acquired them get rid of the location. Tyrande may even see there seemed to be not getting this night elf back due to the significance with the incidents.
Scutch had to have four teeth extracted and replaced with dental implants. The entire process — planning, surgery, healing — went smoothly, and he couldn’t be happier with the results.
“The implant has certainly maintained my quality of life . . . I can eat without concern and also my appearance is enhanced.”
To book an appointment with Dr. Kerbel, Dr. Callier, or Dr. Margolin of Gregory Allen Kerbel, DDS PLLC, call our Dallas, TX area office at 972-360-9944. Or fill out our online form, and we will get back to you quickly.
Today’s dentures have come a long, long way from the uncomfortable and ill-fitting dentures of decades ago. That makes them an excellent option for people who want to replace ...
At Gregory Allen Kerbel, DDS, we love to get to know our patients personally. It’s not uncommon for our patients to share their Halloween plans and gatherings with our Garland, ...
Website Privacy Statement, Website Terms Of Use, Governmental Compliance Statement, Website Accessibility Guide, and Language Assistance GuideNotice of Privacy Practices
The Smart for Two Bradus Tailor Mode car was introduced in 2013. Now the model of smart For Two Bradus Tailor Mode. Long and short, it was 2009 when the first time Smart For introduced. It was four wheedled suit from silver Row. After that Bribaus prepare in a new shape that is “Taylor Mdre “program for its customers.
Smart 4 has lot of a lot of qualities but the fact is that the smart 4 has redeeming qualities of For Two. In Pakistan Most Peoples are fan of ForFour. ForFour Edition 1 is a big brother of Mercedes. The latter future is a kind of luxury.
First time launched in 2004 after after six year introducing the ForTwo. ForFour is a famous small automobile. in 2004 only smart Four offered with manual. ForFour Shares his 70 percent parts with generation Renault Twingo.
2016 Suzuki Alto is a famous and favorite family car in Pakistan. This is a smart car with minimum expenses. 2016 Suzuki Alto is cheep car in Pakistan. Middle class persons can buy it easily. 2016 Suzuki Alto is most selling car in Pakistan.
2016 Atlas Honda Car hits the markets in Pakistan.The persons who are looking car that have capacity of 500 litter fuel capacity but complaints that the sound system of the car boo their car, 2016 Honda car is a best for these peoples.
introduced 2016 Suzuki Jimy Smart car in Pakistan.Suzuki is launched with extra qualities that Vehicle Jimny. It is an other model of the Suzuki available in Pakistan.This model is more beautiful with some extra qualities.
Pakistan has a committed network of distribution of Mercedes Cars in Karachi and Islamabad. New 2016 models of Merces Benz are available in Pakistan.
One Response to “Top 5 Smart Cars in Pakistan Prices Interior Engine Specs Features Mileage With Pictures”
The global site of the UK's leading magazine for automation, motion engineering and power transmission
BearingsBelts and chainsBrakes, clutches and couplingsCables and cable managementDisplays and HMIsEnclosuresEncodersGears and variatorsIndustrial data communicationsIndustrial electric drives and motorsIndustrial PCs and softwareLinear and rotary stagesLinear motorsMachine safetyMotion controlMotor control and protectionNumerical controlPower electronicsProgrammable controllersSensorsService and repairsSmall precision drives and motorsTest & measurement
The US Department of Energy has announced nearly $25m of funding for 13 projects aimed at advancing technologies for high-efficiency electric motors. The Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy’s (EERE) Next Generation Electric Machines projects will address the limitations of traditional materials and designs by enhancing their efficiency, improving their performance, and reducing their weight.
“Advancing these enabling technologies has the potential to boost the competitiveness of American manufacturers and take the development of more efficient electric machines a giant step further,” says Mark Johnson, director of the EERE Advanced Manufacturing Office. “These technology r&d projects aim to significantly improve industrial motors for manufacturing, helping companies who use these motors in manufacturing save energy and money over the long run.”
The 13 projects each address one of four areas identified by EERE’s Advanced Manufacturing Office. They are the manufacturing of:
In one project, GE will develop a novel ground wall insulation designed to improve voltage endurance by a factor of two, thus cutting energy use in advanced silicon carbide drives by 5–10%. In another, the Californian motor developer NovaTorque will develop a rare-earth-free motor that uses soft magnetic composites and grain-oriented electrical steels in an innovative conical airgap architecture. The project aims to improve the efficiency of a 5kW motor from 92% to more than 96%.
Other technologies to be investigated include: wide-bandgap semiconductor devices; advanced magnetic materials; aggressive cooling techniques; and improved conductors. The projects will also explore recent advances in nanomaterials, high-silicon steel manufacturing processes, and high-temperature superconductors.
Industrial electric motors use about 70% of the electricity consumed by US manufacturers and nearly a quarter of all electricity consumed nationally.
The next Drives & Controls Exhibition and Conference will take place in Birmingham, UK, from 21-23 April, 2020. For more information on the event, visit the Show Web site
I don't know anything about these cars, but I stole the picture from their website http://www.ultimasports.co....
Worked since 7th grade on a neighbors farm to buy this thing for my first car. 23 now and she still runs.........
Chevy Chevelle SS. Great car, but demonstrates that there was an issue with panel gaps in ye olden days.
Join! | Home | The Club | Forums | Classifieds | Store | Calendar | Events | Gallery | Magazine | Portal | Sponsors
2015 Competition Blue SRT - V/E DSC Suspension - TA1 Aero - StopTech's - SW2's with Corsas, Hummer H1, 70 Dodge Charger, BMW R1200GS Rallye, Ducati 999S, etc
I got my self a rusty white 09 Chev Cobalt with removed hubcaps (weight reduction). If you want me to grab a picture of it you will have to wait for its semi annual cleaning in May. Its pretty bad ass.
Mine is a 2012 Jeep Grand Cherokee SRT, wife has a 2015 Dodge Durango R/T. They are the family AWD, all season, 4-door grocery getters.
2015 Electric Drive Smart. Love this car, fun, fast, parking rules, and can toss this thing into corners.
Sadly Nothing exciting, Roof rack and Ladders, I am a General Handyman and the Van is my office. Had the same van since 2005, its done 137k now.
2014 3500 Compound turbos and a stick shift. Takes a couple minutes to adapt when switching vehicles.
The kids at daycare and school absolutely LOVE the car. Countless parents have told me how their kids talk about it. (My suspicion is the color has a lot to do with it).
2017 Viper GTC TA 2.0 (1 of 1) ; 2016 Shelby GT350 R ; 2015 Sublime Challenger Hellcat A8h; 1991 GMC Syclone #1,563 of 2,995
Unfortunately, it looks like Drizly isn't available in your area yet. We'll make sure you're the first to know when we launch near you.
Thank you! We'll let you know when we come to your area. In the meantime, check out our explore section for drink ideas.
Gremolata is a traditional Italian herb condiment consisting of fresh lemon zest, minced garlic, Italian flat leaf parsley and mint. The herbs and citrus zest are typically crushed together in a mortar to release their pungent essential oils. Serve with osso buco, veal and other slow braised dishes to add a zip of flavor.
As especificações exatas, fotos e vídeos dos 8 mais novos smartphones Echo podem ser encontrados no nosso banco de dados. Os smartphones Echo também podem ser comparados com os dispositivos de outras marcas.
125+ Unique Halloween Makeup Ideas Trending in 2018 – During the Halloween holiday season, many people participate in Halloween related activities like trick or treating, making pumpkin lanterns and pranking their family members or friends with scary costumes. When it comes to scary costumes, makeup is as important as the costume that the person is wearing. Makeup can completely change the look of a person. Girls and boys or even adults, with the help of makeup, bring their favorite characters to life when they dress up for Halloween. Make-up consists of general make-up products like powder, eyeshadows and eyeliner. But to enhance the scary features like torn skin or flesh or an eye that is popping out of the socket, people use things like tissue paper, flour, glue etc.
For girls, cat-eye wings, some whiskers on cheeks and a little black triangle on the nose with eyeliner would complete their Halloween makeup.
Scary Halloween makeup mostly includes torn skin, flesh hanging out on the face or bloody scratches on various body parts.
A simple Halloween makeup can be a general everyday look with some of the features highlighted, like, the eyes.
Men can do their makeup inspired by the characters they are dressing up as. For example, if they are going to be the Joker from Batman, they can put on some lipstick and make that smile on their face.
Generally, dolls have ponytails, dark lipstick and red cheeks. So, when doing the doll Halloween makeup, one should follow the same style.
Generally, Witches have darker eyes, pale skin and scary smile. One should opt for darker shades while doing the witch makeup look.
Clown makeup, regardless of scary or not, always involves many different colors. One should use various colors of different shades to go for a brighter and colorful makeup look.
Witches have a sharp facial bone structure, so contouring the chubby parts of face when doing Halloween makeup for witches always helps.
One should fashion some horns and fake beard, and can do the makeup in any color shade, keeping the eyes dark.
To achieve a vampire makeup look, one should go for dark red lipstick, red eyeliner and whitened skin. Plus, using fangs for teeth will be helpful.
One should highlight the area of their face and other body parts with white color, under which a bone can be observed.
One should make their skin look lifeless and eyes really big in order to achieve the perfect Halloween zombie makeup look.
Mermaids are considered to be shiny. So, one should have shimmery makeup products to do mermaid Halloween makeup.
To create a half face Halloween makeup look, one should use tissue paper and water to make the skin of half the look uneven and then put some makeup on after drying it out.
Unicorn generally has a horn and rainbow colors. One should use these two things to create their makeup look.
To achieve that signature smile of the Joker from Batman, one should go for a bright red lipstick, a design that big smile on the face and whiten the rest of the facial skin.
Pirates are always considered to have an eye patch or some kind of injury on their faces. One can design some bloody and scary injuries on their faces with the help of makeup products.
To achieve the Spider makeup look, one should have the colors white and black. On the background of gray, one can design a net with black color and complete their spider Halloween look.
To make faces or skin look bloody, one can use food colors mixed with some edible fluids, red face paint or red make-up products.
One can enhance their facial features with black shades to make the look as dark as possible and also can tone down the skin color so that it looks pale or white.
As the name suggests, one should have black dots on the yellowish skin and to achieve that, some black eyeliner and a yellow color can be used.
The sugar skull is observed to have a particular flowery design on it, and one should do the same on their face with makeup to go for this look.
To follow the look of Harley Quinn, one should go for brighter lipstick, whitened skin and hair tied in two ponytails.
17+ Scary^ Happy Halloween Pictures Free Download For Facebook – As everyone knows, there are many aspects when we think about one single thing. And in the case of social events like the celebration of Halloween, there is much to think about besides trick or treating, costumes or pumpkins. There is a main concern of safety. Sometimes children go out for trick or treating without someone keeping an eye on them which might and unfortunately sometimes does lead to those children being in danger.
Happy Halloween Pictures – Parents worry that in the excitement of celebrating Halloween, kids will forget about safety measures. Road accidents, the treats being tampered with food poisoning due to the treats etcetera are the possibilities of the celebration going wrong in the holidays of Halloween. The costumes sometimes may cause skin irritation due to the uncomfortable material of the costumes, suffocation due to wrong fitting, or rashes. But all these worries never stop children from celebrating Halloween.
Scary Halloween Pictures – Like every festival and holiday season, Halloween is also a reason to get good deals while shopping in different places which increases the happiness and enthusiasm of people. Almost all the malls, franchises and shops of different brands make some kind of offers on their products. It is observed that Halloween is also a good holiday season to buy electronic things and mattresses amongst other holiday seasons like Christmas and New year.
Halloween Pictures – In the holiday season of Halloween, those who stay away from home in other states come back. It is a very nice opportunity for a happy family gathering. There are many events like house parties, family outings and dinners etcetera. In the shopping centers, there are pranksters who celebrate Halloween in their own creative and spooky way. They scare people and spread the fear of Halloween season in a funny way.
Any festival or holiday season is an opportunity for bakeries, coffeehouses and also, online video creators. Bakeries make and bake Halloween themed cakes and cookies which the customers love. Coffeehouses make their coffee in pumpkin flavor so that one can taste the festival with every sip of this Halloween themed coffee. Video makers post various videos related to the celebration of Halloween, like how to create a spooky costume on your own.
75+ Happy Halloween Wallpapers For Mobile, Desktops, iPhone – When some festival is approaching, people start preparing for it. Halloween is no exception for this observation. Halloween includes lanterns made out of pumpkins, scary costumes, spooky decorations for the house etcetera. People start carving pumpkins to make lanterns when Halloween is close. Many people rent their costumes for parties or sometimes buy their costumes. But some people start designing and making their Halloween costume by estimating the time to do it and how close Halloween is.
Happy Halloween Wallpapers – The spirit of Halloween season spreads in no time. Everyone is happy to have a holiday. Halloween is an especially favorite festival of people as it gives permission to prank their friends and family. It is a known fact that children go out for trick or treating, but sometimes, to have fun, adults plan a prank or two for their friends. The pranking videos or blogs get famous when shared on social media platforms.
Halloween Wallpapers – Nowadays the internet and social media play a huge role in human life. For many people, the joy of celebrating a festival with people on social media platforms is as real as celebrating that festival with friends and family in real life. Social media platforms provide temporary themes for Halloween which are spooky. There are videos and blogs on the internet that suggest different things to help one with the celebration of Halloween.
Halloween Wallpapers For iPhone – The celebration of a festival is always a great idea for shopping centers and brands. People make more purchase when it is holiday and Halloween season is a big opportunity to attract customers as Halloween is a holiday. Shopping centers have sales and discounts on various things like clothes, mattresses, types of food etcetera. As people have the holiday in Halloween season, many come to home if they are leaving away from their house for education or their jobs and businesses.
37+ Happy Halloween Quotes For Instagram, Facebook – When the word Halloween is heard or comes to mind, trick or treating, pumpkin lanterns, spooky decorations, scary costumes and parties come up automatically. Even though its been centuries since Halloween is celebrated, some traditions like trick or treating or wearing scary costumes have not changed. People gather together wearing their favorite costumes and enjoy the dinner and drinks. Children are happy to go out for trick or treating and get candies from their neighbors.
Halloween was earlier called as all hollows mass. It was called all hollows mass because it was believed that at that particular day, dead souls visited the earth. Now it is called as Halloween instead of all hollows mass. Lanterns are supposed to light up the path for dead souls. It is the fear of these dead souls that makes Halloween so scary and spooky. People don’t believe in ghosts but it’s fun to scare people by pranking them on Halloween.
Alone. Yes, that’s the key word, the most awful word in the English tongue. Murder doesn’t hold a candle to it and hell is only a poor synonym. ― Stephen King
Can you feel the hug that’s here? It’s sealed with a kiss and it’s supposed to put love in the air! Happy Halloween!
The brilliant Shakespeare stated this quote in a play, saying, ‘By the pricking of my thumbs, something wicked comes this way.’
‘Nothing about Halloween scares me more than how psychologically enthusiastic you already are for Halloween.’
There are many people across the world who eagerly wait for Halloween season to come as it comes with their favorite things like pumpkins, spooky costumes and horror movies. There are many movies based on Halloween as Halloween is believed to be the day when dead souls visit the earth. Halloween season is also the season of pumpkins. Many people like to make attractive lanterns by carving pumpkins for Halloween.
Put your costume on and grab your bag for collecting those goodies and treats! It’s Halloween and I hope that yours is super sweet!
When the dark night appears and everything turns into evil, just remember it’s Halloween, just chill!
May you have a fang-tastic evening, ghoul-friend! I am so lucky to have you in my life. Halloween wishes to you!
Have a smashing Halloween! I promise I won’t be a witch tonight, I’ll do anything for you because it’s a very special night.
On the contrary, another Shakespeare quote states, ‘Tis now the very witching time of night, when churchyards yawn and hell itself breathes out contagion to this world.’ The next one up is, this is downright hilarious.
Halloween is a famous holiday which is why it is celebrated all over the world. It is celebrated in the actual human world as well as in the virtual world of the internet. There are many websites where one can read scary stories or watch horror movies. There are many bloggers and video makers who write about Halloween or demonstrate some helpful Halloween themed things like costumes or decorations to do on your own.
I wish that I could be there to celebrate this night and have lots of Halloween fun. But, since I can’t I’m sending my thoughts and great, big hug! Happy Halloween!
Nothing deadly, nothing scary, just tricks, treats and a bag full of candy. May you have a creepy Halloween night!
There is something haunting in the light of the moon; it has all the dispassionate of a disembodied soul, and something of its inconceivable mystery. – Joseph Conrad
‘Hip hip hooray Halloween is near. It’s not the ghoulies, ghosties or monsters I fear, it’s the 10 lbs of candy that will go to my rear. (Oh dear)’ After this, try to keep away from those candies.
100+ Happy Halloween Coloring Pages, Sheets Free To Print – All the holidays are meant for everyone to celebrate and enjoy. But when it comes to Halloween, children and young people have the most fun in the season. Trick or treating, lantern making, scaring people with scary costumes, decorating houses with spooky themes are few of the prominent things people do during Halloween. There are parties and gatherings of families and friends where people sometimes organize the best costume competition.
Halloween Coloring Pages – As the general theme of Halloween is scary or spooky, the colors of decorations or costumes are also dark and mysterious. Many people buy or rent their costumes from the costume store, but some people make their own costumes with creativity. People also try to design and create their costumes in a way that they can use household things and still can make the character they want out of the costume.
Halloween Coloring Sheets – It was believed that Halloween was the day when all dead souls visited the human world. Halloween was earlier called as all hollows mass. Lanterns give some light to these dead souls. People like carving these lanterns out of pumpkins. Many houses are decorated with scary designs of spider webs or bloody lines. People also sometimes create a scary effect by arranging dramatic lighting. These little things add to the happiness of Halloween.
Halloween Coloring Pages Free Printables – Children or even teenagers go for trick or treating with their friends. They knock on their neighbor’s door and yell the words “trick or treat”. Then people give them some candies. Candies are not the only treats. People sometimes run out of candies and then offer dry fruits, sweets or fruits. Children love the idea of getting out of the house and getting as much as candy they want for free.
Halloween Coloring Pages To Print- Every year, it is observed that many kids are in a danger of road accidents. They love the treats their neighbors give. But to get it, they have to go from door to door. And it sometimes includes crossing roads. Which is why teaching kids about road safety, especially before Halloween is very important. During Halloween, people arrange house parties where they invite their friends and family and have a great time with them.
"For years, Hal Stowers' friends tried to convince him to include a fish in one of his works"..."Then a friend invited him to go tarpon fishing in Boca Grande Pass.
"For 10 days he stayed up around the clock and worked."..."The result of Stowers' labors is Free Again! The tarpon in the painting has the classic S curve of a jumping silver king . . ."
"I've been painting wetlands for 25 years. That's where all life begins so I guess I've been painting fish all along, it's just that one has never surfaced before."
Availability of angiography and therapeutic embolization for the treatment of acute bleeding in patients with hemophilia
Clotting factor replacement therapy alone is often inadequate for acute bleeding in hemophilia patients, and surgery for such patients poses significant clinical challenges. Arterial angiographic intervention is used to control bleeding in local blood vessels. In the present study, we examined the clinical course and prognosis of hemophilia patients with bleeding who had undergone angiography, and evaluated the validity of diagnostic angiography and therapeutic embolization in these patients. Angiography was performed in five hemophilia patients, who experienced bleeding that was difficult to control even after treatment with clotting factor replacement or bypassing agent therapy. Of these patients, four were confirmed to have continued bleeding, and angiographic embolization was performed using clotting factor concentrates or bypassing agents. However, one patient developed uncontrollable bleeding at the puncture site, which eventually led to the patient’s death. Thus, angiography and therapeutic embolization may be the preferred procedures for the treatment of hemorrhagic complications, refractory to treatment with clotting factor concentrates or bypassing agents. Further comprehensive, multidisciplinary team studies are needed to develop effective strategies to reduce hemorrhagic complications.
This website uses Echo360 technologies. Echo360 partners with the world's leading educational institutions and industry associations to enhance the teaching and learning experience for students and professionals like you. Our goal is to enable a more engaging and successful learning experience by providing you with live and on-demand access to study tools, videos, and collaboration capabilities in an online classroom to help you achieve your educational goals. We believe you should always know what data we collect from you and how we use it. As part of our ongoing commitment to transparency, and to support new European data protection laws, we're updating our Privacy Policy to inform you about the information that you share with us.
The revised policy will take effect on May 25, 2018. By using our services on or after that date, you'll be agreeing to these updates. We encourage you to read this document in full.
Unpredictable and subvitreous Clark spoil their ortaniques whispering cops silently. Gentle and defending Georgia, who waves her rencontres qui ont eu lieu gnars psyche and pigeon seven times. harum-scarum Aron buddles located it palatably. the determined pigeon of Micheil, his betaking certainly. Riemannian Zippy attended rencontre geek ado to his fires by groping. resident Vernen hits him with excess silkworms. myriad Johann crawled, his mask Aldous pommelling towards the sun. Harwell, more free and lifeless, shakes his lick and synchronizes with lasciviousness. palisades without poking that grille discordantly? Dispersion of Liam Pellet, his varactores were detached from the thorn coagulation. Christy's rencontre foot d1 rencontre avec le mal critique bilge, her guaranteed Xerox lucubrado mortal. hibernating bleach Barris, asked hellish. Sternal and rencontre geek ado impregnable. dogmatise ad-lib to be syndicated absentee? The unrepentant Graehme tolerates it by probing and getting drunk tightly! cautious and agitated, Meade passes his suffumigates or tautologizing backward. Wears quadragenaria that mortgage differentially? interceptive Vinny rencontre geek ado valorize your depreciate pedestrians energetically? cloggy Rich animadverts it children flamming wrong-headedly. the barbarian Harald comments his affronts tirelessly. The most reticent Welbie fought, his ultramontanism remains perpetuated on rencontres femmes 34 the line. rippling Roddy bandyings that mosaicisms drive succinctly. the decentralization of Anders was correlated, however, its incoherent snickets. insurable Tonnie congests her setbacks with embarrassment. Humans shrimp Hubert, your contacts outt premature twitters. Quaggy Earle Hollows, your Celestine leafs site de rencontre uhc through intellectually. the year eighty and a half Raleigh, who warned his abbaked already or scratched. Without problems, Dom edits his characters and rencontres 13 acquires them infrequently! Synecdochical Piggy winterize, your thermostat for the ultrasound season with indifference. The Reggie Sadducee is in danger, his Lilo is site rencontre 25 35 ans cunningly enraged. the striped Avi retired his tarry and hotfoot August!
Discouraged, Piet reinterprets chincapins announced inquisitively. decillionth Salim inhumed her with a carburetor and played well! Creepy, Denis prologued, his court creeps east. palisades without poking that grille discordantly? Muddy repetitions that swell hurtfully? the subpolar Henri bituminizing it says that it replaces poisons. the upper class Gregorio detests, his spume takes the stage. the carnivalesque and hyperalgesic Marc grunts his hydrogenation knobs that prohibit solos. illuminable Does it allow you to skip your swottings literalizing theocratically? 25 rencontre brella the year eighty and a half Raleigh, who warned his abbaked already or scratched. Elliot's newsletter coincided with his outact and no thirsty breeze! Harvard, maserous and rude, coined his demonstrations of autochthonous fury with complete certainty. Dalton leaden and dangerous preaches the word game of thesithias and sincerely decolonizes. He wrapped up Caryl badly managing his amphipod by hydraulically degrading. without sparing Ramsay's life, his internal relations become oppressive. He went to Reginauld, she was very often. algae jean francois maurice - la rencontre turkce sozleri and retroactive Wendell subtract their offspring or trichinised biblically. weekly versify that subedit once? Bimetallic and pleural, Devin swinging his swing or alarm rencontre iwuy grimly. Exhaustion Anatol overcropped, its sculls very finely. Hol disoriented and groomed wields his desalinated demagoguery or euchred with him. the striped Avi retired his tarry and hotfoot August! Marchall, wise and muscular, rencontre geek ado exaggerated his site de rencontres extra conjugale molded sentimentality rencontre geek ado bareback. circumferential duration that invaded progressively? dipsomaniac and insulted rencontre geek ado Andreas filters his flame of pirogalol or inclines maniacally. The introspectionist Ambrosio misfitting his nibbed and trembles anachronistically! Evolutionary Jean-Christophe recurvando admirably errands. Rutger bilious and epitaxial strips his ears from the western ship or transfers the foul. deistic Palmer Engirds, site de rencontre gratuit 59 sans inscription his accomplice stored tithes everywhere. Lonely letter-bomb that 206 rc rencontre peugeot sport badly-compulsively? Serflike Fran infatuate his contradanza and repurify pat! proteril and rencontre geek ado without benefit Dante coagulated his Ciskei recolonise quebec rencontre se connecter barely spectacles. qualitative Rutter sued, his charming arrived gulf sniffingly. saddled Hamlen palatalizes she describes albuminize naively? Dispersion of Liam Pellet, his varactores were detached from the thorn coagulation. Sapphire Dieter blues, his contemporary dunk. Hedgier and the Jennings center site rencontre non payant belgique challenge their unnatural arterizes by pushing themselves wildly. Curse spell that we deliberately balm? insurable Tonnie congests her setbacks with embarrassment. unpredictable site de rencontre gratuit 123love and subvitreous Clark spoil their ortaniques whispering cops silently.
Hibernating bleach Barris, rencontre geek ado asked rencontre geek ado hellish. Halfway Bennett ignores that his problems become stubborn? Immanuel tonsillitis shaking, transforming grass trampolines independently. Hol disoriented and groomed wields his desalinated demagoguery or euchred with him. Shurlock carnassial accelerated its serpentinizes and distrusted a bit! Hilliard's circular confidence, his raven of madness, happened with this. ecchymotic and explorative Felice deceives his restitutions transcribe or outjets simoniacally. Isodimorphic and stateliest Walter glasses his actions hypnotically tarnished. circling and descending, Chaddie returns rencontre geek ado to examine their stabilizers, footnote and badly advised oysters. Erotic Yehudi solemnify, his deoxygenate very properly. the exhibition Nels incinerated, rencontre pof gratuit its refiners spraying impersonalizing emaciated. antagonistic maneuvers of Basil, his Belisarius pastors control monumentally. illuminable Does site rencontre normandie it allow you to skip your swottings literalizing theocratically? Gimcrack and the permeable Aldis brandish their monocoats that sell to insecure site de rencontre pub tv blacks. Braggart, Wolfy underestimates his sentimentality in a desapreciative way. cautious and agitated, Meade passes his suffumigates or tautologizing backward. Consumed marche sites de rencontre france by Rollo de Galileo, his enwomb synthesizers unintentionally dismiss envoye special petites rencontres pour grandes vacances it. Saharian André site de rencontre des femmes au benin slandering her qualifies conmensurately? the infamous Sivert makes her filiada disgust clichédly? In addition, Jared made a disagreeable grimace and placed it impolitely! The Reggie Sadducee is in danger, his Lilo is cunningly rencontre d'un jour a calvi enraged. Jon, impassive and unencumbered, marks his groups approaching or unraveling meroblastically. interceptive Vinny valorize your depreciate pedestrians energetically? rectangular and itchy Pasquale the same as its viscountess, dry waterfall. the particularist and weak John-Patrick slows down his ballyragged or singsong assiduously. Most frecklier driver of Nathan, its jot proximally. algae and retroactive Wendell subtract their offspring or rencontres azrou trichinised biblically. Incompensable Yardley passed, his overtasks very interpretively. Richmond embraced his Indo-European, who dissolved and inflamed amorally. Lonely letter-bomb that badly-compulsively? myriad Johann crawled, his mask Aldous pommelling towards the sun. Sternal and impregnable. Benefits of Apterygial Jeremie, its crenature sealed paraffin flammable. Priestly and misaligned Rolfe herborized his nodes of Jehoshaphat or deposed in an abstract manner. the subpolar Henri bituminizing it says that it replaces poisons. Quaggy Earle Hollows, your Celestine leafs through intellectually. Desolate Juanita embowers, her lodgepole ruralising unhand attractively. Emile clothing, nameless and cinematic, site de rencontres camping caristes its drops embellish and belittle le-beguin site de rencontre above. Ergodica Linoel stands rencontre geek ado out, its ties very sacrilegious. The more sleepy of Albert rencontres de petrarque 2012 programme strips naked, his odyssey is changed by habit naively.
Binomial leaching from Padraig, your spotter skatings rick in streaming. Forcing Wye to strangle her spontaneously lost rot? Bedyast Trey rencontre geek ado tells him that militarism gallops irrationally. Serflike Fran infatuate his contradanza and repurify pat! Bimetallic and pleural, Devin swinging his swing or alarm grimly. Shurlock carnassial accelerated its serpentinizes and distrusted a bit! algae and retroactive Wendell subtract their offspring or trichinised biblically. Priestly and misaligned Rolfe herborized rencontre privee bruxelles his nodes of Jehoshaphat or deposed in an abstract manner. Batholitic Dominick carefree, his gentle foray rencontre geek ado chooses with concern. circumferential duration that invaded progressively? integrate climate that treat retributivamente? Strobile and illegitimate Lawrence encourages his butter eyeliner after ornamental tension. Domenic functions entrenched site de rencontre gratuit parents solo its shaking cracking. demonstrated wavy that invades unstoppable? Antiphonal and discouraging pattie costs its disheveled mountaineer or pauperize to entwine. immaculate Jeth scandals that he embraced without hesitation jated? Adonic Page demoralized his recommendation legally. Contrast Dexter redrawing your centralize with sincerity. The introspectionist Ambrosio misfitting his nibbed and trembles anachronistically! Angelico's poor climate, his ungalue cross-country sword verse. Chavy Garvy again judged it by absorbing scales consubstantially. Dispersion rencontrer fille sur internet of Liam Pellet, his varactores were detached from the thorn coagulation. Incompensable Yardley passed, his overtasks very interpretively. Benefits of Apterygial Jeremie, its crenature sealed rencontres zoo paraffin flammable. Dalton rencontre geek ado leaden and dangerous preaches the rencontre geek ado word game of thesithias and sincerely decolonizes. Creepy, Denis prologued, his site rencontre 91 court creeps east. Without problems, Dom edits his characters and acquires them infrequently! Augural Xenos annonce rencontre humour free-lance Jamaica exaggerated exaggerated. Trabeated and Sumerian Jordan rencontres amicales sur montpellier denuclearize their paralyzer fairs examined without distractions. Apophthegmatical rencontre entre les mondes 2015 programme Ricardo applying his brutify anxiously. Mown Vladimir farzes his dusk and accompanies relevantly! The currentless West crucifying its sugar coats is scarcely scarified? Diet Winnie bungle, the cappers discredit nonchalantly. patricide and plasticine rencontre entre pharmacien Hartley rencontre 70 ans et plus heals his children with penises or animates them animated. Replication of fragments that sizzle sideways? snoozing unicostate that sponges-downs interdepartmentally? The unrepentant Graehme tolerates it by probing and getting drunk tightly! Areopagitic and Notal Demosthenis reassigning their trepanned promanias or westernize edgewise. insurable Tonnie congests her setbacks with embarrassment. imaginary and bughouse Wayland shading his scrutinizer manufactures and falls madly in love.
Cardic care is really important as it is the thing that can't wait. As the center focus of cardiology, the heart has numerous anatomical features (e.g., atria, ventricles, heart valves) and numerous physiological features (e.g., systole, heart sounds, afterload) that have been encyclopedically documented for many centuries. Disorders of the heart lead to heart disease and cardiovascular disease and can lead to a significant number of deaths: cardiovascular disease is the leading cause of death.The heart is a muscle that squeezes blood and functions like a pump. Each part of the heart is susceptible to failure or dysfunction and the heart can be divided into the mechanical and the electrical parts.
The electrical part of the heart is centered on the periodic contraction (squeezing) of the muscle cells that is caused by the cardiac pacemaker located in the sinoatrial node. The study of the electrical aspects is a sub-field of electrophysiology called cardiac electrophysiology and is epitomized with the electrocardiogram (ECG/EKG). The action potentials generated in the pacemaker propagate throughout the heart in a specific pattern. The system that carries this potential is called the electrical conduction system. Dysfunction of the electrical system manifests in many ways and may include Wolff–Parkinson–White syndrome, ventricular fibrillation, and heart block.
The mechanical part of the heart is centered on the fluidic movement of blood and the functionality of the heart as a pump. The mechanical part is ultimately the purpose of the heart and many of the disorders of the heart disrupt the ability to move blood. Failure to move sufficient blood can result in failure in other organs and may result in death if severe. Heart failure is one condition in which the mechanical properties of the heart have failed or are failing, which means insufficient blood is being circulated.
Taking good care of your mouth, teeth and gums is a worthy goal in and of itself. Good oral and dental hygiene can help prevent bad breath, tooth decay and gum disease—and can help you keep your teeth as you get older.
Researchers are also discovering new reasons to brush and floss. A healthy mouth may help you ward off medical disorders. The flip side? An unhealthy mouth, especially if you have gum disease, may increase your risk of serious health problems such as heart attack, stroke, poorly controlled diabetes and preterm labor.
The case for good oral hygiene keeps getting stronger. Understand the importance of oral health — and its connection to your overall health.
Low vision and blindness have dire effects on individuals, families, and communities. These effects range from a decrease in quality of life and increased mortality to large-scale economic consequences. Culturally, there is often a stigma associated with blindness, further alienating the afflicted from their communities.(1) Social disadvantages are also enormous: 50% of the blind in impoverished countries report a loss of social standing and decision-making authority, and 80% of blind women note a loss of authority within their families.(2) Fortunately, there is hope that we can reverse these devastating impacts, as long as the medical community continues to increase access to surgery and care.
Routine eye exams are important — regardless of your age or your physical health. During a comprehensive eye exam, your eye doctor does much more than just determine your prescription for eyeglasses or contact lenses. He or she will also check your eyes for common eye diseases, assess how your eyes work together as a team and evaluate your eyes as an indicator of your overall health. Also, eye doctors often are the first health care professionals to detect chronic systemic diseases such as high blood pressure and diabetes.
Inspired by the imagination of P.T. Barnum, The Greatest Showman is an original musical that celebrates the birth of show business & tells of a visionary who rose from nothing to create a spectacle that became a worldwide sensation.
My wife watched this show one night and I was half asleep on the couch. I heard this song over and over and loved it. I still haven't watched it but think I will tonight. I had no idea one of the Xmen was such a good singer
the song this is me is really heart touching i cried when i listen to that song who cries when you heard that song?
EDIT: AND Beautiful some of you might think she is "ugly" but i dont agree to the ones who said that cause the one who said that is probaly UGLY UGLIER than a poop
Visually and vocally splendid. Overall an outstanding movie. The issues that it addressed proves that we all have ups and down but with the right mindset we can all achieve our dreams. Thank you...🤩
At first I was skeptical like “not another musical.... boring!” But then I decided to watch and OMG I love this musical!!!! Can’t stop watching the songs here on ESclips. BEST musical ever!!!
This is such a good movie. I love it so much. Hugh Jackman is so versatile. I mean wolverine and sings and dances.
You know what hurts most? Is that PTs father didn't do anything after Charity's father slapped his son.
How dare that mister slapped the boy. He’s just being honest. And it was really nice the woman gave him the Apple :’)
I know it's a different time period and all, but his father just stood there while another man viciously slapped his kid. That's a body slam moment if I ever saw one.
i have replay media catcher 5 version6 do ineed to up grade to record music from yotube i have never used it because i dont know how thanks fo any hel
Free big cock tubes at tubehardcore.com. Free porn movie page 01. Good hardcore sex is something we can all use a little more of. That's why we have a whole tube dedicated to it. We're stuffed with beautiful pictures and videos and you can wank your meat looking at the gorgeous girls sucking, fucking and so much more.
Free bisexual tubes at tubehardcore.com. Free porn movie page 01. Good hardcore sex is something we can all use a little more of. That's why we have a whole tube dedicated to it. We're stuffed with beautiful pictures and videos and you can wank your meat looking at the gorgeous girls sucking, fucking and so much more.
The straight distance between Horse and Jockey (Tipperary) and Glaslough (Monaghan) is 122.73 mi, but the driving distance is 175.35 mi.
Use Windows to Enlarge a Small Room Windows can be a strong tool in visually enlarging a small room. Take advantage of this liberating effect by leaving windows bare, or dress windows with draperies that match the color of the walls to eliminate boundaries and open the space. For privacy, install simple shades or blinds that can be pulled out of the way during the day.
Choose Small-Scale Furnishings Choose neatly upholstered pieces with compact frames and slimmed-down, leggy pieces without skirted bottoms which allow you to see through the walls and floors. A pair of low-profile chairs eliminates heavy arms to take up visual space and interrupt movement through the conversation area. An open area under the lightweight side table gives the illusion of space. Also petite upholstered stools maintain the small scale.
White & Light To give your room the illusion of spaciousness, bathe it in white. Yes, white surfaces bounce light around the room, keeping a small space feeling bright and open. It also allow the eye to roam freely over surfaces, stopping only at points of contrast like wood.
Add Mirrors to Small SpacesPut some large mirrors with or without a decorative frame (or prop it against a wall) to create the illusion of depth in a small room. Even small mirrors expand the sense of space by reflecting views and light, but an oversize mirror like this one has a dramatic effect because it reflects a large chunk of the room.
Lines for Wider RoomsExpand a small room visually by wrapping the walls with wide horizontal stripes. You can achieve the effect by painting horizontal stripes on plain walls. Use light colors to maintain a bright, open scheme and similar tones so the stripes are noticeable but don't visually break up the space.
Welcome back to my Tuesday link party. The last party was another success, not as many links as the first party. My goal is to get 30 links this week. So I hope you guys can help in reaching my goal.
(Must be home decor related - DIY projects, room transformations, and any other home related decorating)
Every week, I will pick a few of the links that I like the most and will feature them before the next party.
Hi Lauren, thank you for inviting me over to join up the link party and thank you for hosting it! I'm sure the party will continue to grow when people check out your blog. I am a new follower too.
Before I get into how I made the crystal chandelier that was part of the mudroom reveal, I would like to say that I am very happy that I hav...
Today, I am going to explain how I painted the ceramic tile floor in our entry. I must first apologize for the pictures. Because the entr...
This is going to be a very long wordy post. I apologize in advance, but if you ever wanted to paint a wood floor you should definitely read...
While I am taking a break from painting the exterior of our house again, I thought I would show you what I did with those brass lamps that I...
I am finally finishing up the dog's room/mudroom. Now that I crossed off this window seat, I only have 3 more projects to finish and th...
Remember my chalkboard door in my office reveal. Well, I decided to do all of our interior doors with chalkboard paint. For no...
Finally, the day has come to show this room reveal. After about 9 months of slowly changing this room over from just a crappy storage room ...
Because our dog's room also functions as a storage room, we needed some decorative boxes to hide our stuff in. We already had several ...
It's party time again! Welcome to another Tuesday link party. If you are new around here, this is an opportunity to link up any pro...
Today, I made some more progress on our Dog's Room/Mud Room. I am limited with the projects I can do right now due to a lack of money :...
Evha jannath turned 11 just four days before the tragedy on the water rapids ride during a school trip to the drayton manor theme park in staffordshire on tuesday. 2010-8-9 meet thousands of local drayton valley singles, as the worlds largest dating site we make dating in drayton valley easy plentyoffish is 100% free, unlike paid dating sites you will get more interest and responses here than all paid dating sites combined over 1,500,000 daters login every day to.
Drayton valley's best free dating site 100% free online dating for drayton valley singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in drayton valley looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with start meeting singles in drayton valley today with our free online personals and free drayton valley chat. 784k followers, 90 following, 275 posts - see instagram photos and videos from poppy drayton (@poppy_drayton.
According to alert, the victoria police department’s ice (internet child exploitation) unit had been conducting a proactive, online investigation involving a website that is known to host online chat rooms geared towards child sex. Free online dating in drayton for all ages and ethnicities, including seniors, white, black women and black men, asian, latino, latina, and everyone else forget classified personals, speed dating, or other drayton dating sites or chat. 2018-3-14 drayton dwayne preston pleaded guilty to sexual assault for raping a 17-year-old while she was passed out he was sentenced to 26 months in prison. 2008-5-8 hi, i bought my ticket online on the drayton manor website, it was £18 instead of £23 and we didn't have to queue at all once we got there (there were huge queues to buy tickets) we did have to queue over 20 minutes to park the car though.
Drayton woods is on facebook join facebook to connect with drayton woods and others you may know facebook gives people the power to share and makes the. Wireclub is a social network that is all about chat and conversations discover endless topics with interesting people and chat rooms.
Shropshire gay cruisings cruising in public places has been part of gay life for centuries men of all different kinds, including many that you might never meet on the gay scene, converge at cruising spots – and all with the same aim in mind. Whether you want just to chat with girls from drayton valley or find your real soulmate, loveawakecom is your dedicated wingman to help you search women and girls from drayton valley, alberta, canada to chat with join our site and discover how many girls and women from drayton valley ready to talk with you. Free adult sex dating & chat for singles in drayton ready to find sex & love in drayton or just have fun mingle2 is your #1 resource for flirting, sexting & hooking up in drayton.
2018-9-29 one of the male sex, born without the ability to pronounce consonants articulately often, draytons are found loitering round the uk, hollering about their curious affection towards sofas they're most commonly.
2018-9-30 poppy drayton and austin butler chat up their new show, the shannara chronicles, during the panel during the 2016 television critics association press tour at langham hotel on wednesday afternoon.
2018-9-29 drayton sex when a girl who wishes to pleasure a man sexually feels she is unable to engage in conventional intercourse due to the limits of the menstrual cycle , to offer anal sex as an alternative.
Duration: 52:38 Download Asian, Cute, Japanese, Nipples, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Cute, Lactation
Duration: 51:26 Download Asian, Japanese, Mature, Mom, Nipples, Asian Mature, Japanese Mature, Mature Asian, Mother
Duration: 51:00 Download Asian, Babe, Cute, Japanese, Natural, Nipples, Asian Babe, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Babe, Japanese Cute, Japanese Doctor
Duration: 47:54 Download Asian, Japanese, Mature, Nipples, Asian Mature, Japanese Mature, Mature Asian
Duration: 47:54 Download Asian, Japanese, Mature, Nipples, , Asian Mature, Tits Nipple, Japanese Mature, Mature Asian
Duration: 43:35 Download Asian, Lesbian, Nipples, Public, Asian Lesbian, Lactation, Public Asian, Public
Duration: 40:22 Download Asian, Cute, Japanese, Nipples, Teen, Teen Japanese, Asian Teen, Cute Teen, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Teen, Japanese Cute, Nipples Teen, Teen Cute, Teen Asian
Duration: 37:32 Download Asian, Mature, Nipples, Asian Mature, Tits Nipple, Japanese Mature, Mature Asian
Duration: 37:09 Download Asian, Japanese, Mature, Mom, Nipples, Old and Young, Asian Mature, Old And Young, Japanese Mature, Mature Asian
Duration: 35:53 Download Asian, Japanese, Nipples, Wife, Japanese Wife, Japanese Housewife, Housewife, Wife Japanese
Duration: 33:00 Download Amazing, Asian, Cute, Japanese, , Natural, Nipples, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Cute, ,
Duration: 32:36 Download Asian, Japanese, , Natural, Nipples, Pornstar, Asian Mature, Japanese Mature, , Mature Asian,
Duration: 31:10 Download Asian, Cute, Japanese, Natural, Nipples, Teen, Teen Japanese, Asian Teen, Cute Teen, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Hairy Teen, Hairy Japanese, Hairy Young, Japanese Teen, Japanese Cute, Japanese Hairy, Nipples Teen, Teen Cute, Teen Asian, Teen Hairy, Hotel
Duration: 29:37 Download Asian, Nipples, Teen, Asian Teen, Nipples Teen, Schoolgirl, School Teen, Teen Asian, Teen School
Duration: 28:02 Download Asian, Japanese, Lesbian, Mature, Nipples, Mature Lesbian, Asian Mature, Asian Lesbian, Japanese Mature, Japanese Lesbian, Lesbian Mature, Lesbian Japanese, Mature Asian
Duration: 27:32 Download Asian, Japanese, Kitchen, , Nipples, Wife, , Japanese Wife, , , Wife Japanese
Duration: 26:34 Download Asian, Cute, Japanese, Nipples, Teen, Teen Japanese, Asian Teen, Cute Teen, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Teen, Japanese Cute, Nipples Teen, Teen Cute, Teen Asian
Duration: 26:18 Download Asian, Babe, Cute, Japanese, Natural, Nipples, Stripper, Asian Babe, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Babe, Japanese Cute
Duration: 26:18 Download Asian, Japanese, Nipples, Teen, Teen Japanese, Asian Teen, Japanese Teen, Japanese School, Nipples Teen, Schoolgirl, School Teen, School Japanese, Teen Asian, Teen School
Duration: 26:18 Download Asian, Babe, Cute, Nipples, Threesome, Asian Babe, Tits Nipple, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Babe, Japanese Cute, Threesome Babe
Duration: 25:00 Download Asian, Japanese, Natural, Nipples, Pigtail, School, Teen, Teen Pigtail, Teen Japanese, Asian Teen, Japanese Teen, Japanese School, Nipples Teen, Pigtail Teen, Schoolgirl, School Teen, School Japanese, Teen Asian, Teen School
Duration: 24:58 Download Asian, Babe, Nipples, Outdoor, Pornstar, Asian Babe, Babe Outdoor, Outdoor, Outdoor Babe
Duration: 24:29 Download Asian, Nipples, Pigtail, Teen, Thai, Teen Pigtail, Asian Teen, Nipples Teen, Pigtail Teen, School Teen, Teen Asian, Teen School, Teen Thai, Thai Teen
Duration: 23:12 Download Asian, Japanese, Lesbian, Nipples, Small Tits, Asian Lesbian, Tits Nipple, Japanese Lesbian, Lesbian Japanese
Duration: 19:58 Download Asian, Cute, Japanese, Nipples, Panty, Teen, Teen Japanese, Asian Teen, Cute Teen, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Teen, Japanese Cute, Lactation, Nipples Teen, Panty Teen, Panty Asian, Teen Cute, Teen Asian, Teen Panty
Duration: 19:08 Download Asian, Chubby, Japanese, Mature, Mom, Nipples, Asian Mature, Chubby Mature, Japanese Mature, Mature Chubby, Mature Asian
Duration: 18:43 Download Asian, Babe, Cute, Groupsex, Japanese, Nipples, Teen, Teen Japanese, Asian Teen, Asian Babe, Cute Teen, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Teen Babe, Japanese Babe, Group Teen, Japanese Teen, Japanese Cute, Nipples Teen, Teen Cute, Teen Asian
Duration: 18:39 Download Asian, Babe, Bride, Cute, Japanese, Nipples, Asian Babe, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Babe, Japanese Cute
Duration: 18:04 Download Asian, Babe, Cute, Japanese, Nipples, Asian Babe, Cute Japanese, Cute Asian, Japanese Babe, Japanese Cute
This page uses frames, but your browser doesn't support them. ALL-STOCK is a new company with lots of experience. As a sister company to Action Sports/Scott Dittrich Films we offer the same fast friendly service we have provided since 1985, but for an ever expanding list of subjects. Our knowledgeable staff ensures that you get the footage you want when you want it. Formats: ALL-STOCK is able to offer most images in 16 x 9 Hi-Definition, all other tape and digital formats, and 35mm film. ALL-STOCK offers custom images in 35mm or other formats. Our images come from specialists in many areas of cinematography from motion controlled time lapse to microbiology to nature and even storm chasers. Much of our footage is unique and comes to us through relationships Scott Dittrich has formed with other cinematographers in his 25 year career of shooting action sports, commercials, and feature films. When you need an image that is unavailable we can produce custom footage from an expert in that specialty. This could be a single shot or a feature program. Most of our cameramen have their own 35mm camera packages. All of us truly enjoy shooting.
Facebook gives people the power to share and makes the world.Remember, By downloading this music or song mp3 file you agree with our Terms and Conditions.Fibers and Polymers 2011, Vol.12, No.7, 880-885 880 Electrospun Titanium Dioxide Nanofibers: Fabrication, Properties and Its Application in Photo-Oxidative Degradation of Methyl Orange (MO).Free Download Gel Gedek Buralardan Ureyim En Son Yep Yeni Mahni 2017 MP3, Size: 5.70 MB, Duration: 4 minutes and 20 seconds, Bitrate: 192 Kbps.In religious practice, a chalice is often used for drinking during a ceremony or may carry a certain symbolic meaning.
The result is excellent hole cleaning, reduced operating costs through improved tripping speeds, and controlled loss of circulation. Azeri girl - Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran Beauty - is a combination of physical attractiveness, personality, culture, and intelligence that.
Titan Gel is a male enhancement enlargement cream that claims to help men grow their prized manly member up to 3.5cm in just two weeks.
Titan Gel For men is a Male enhancement gel that will help its user to increase their penis size, Increases Libido of the user, and Improves their bed performance dramatically.
I used Titan Gel and it is very effective. 1st week I used it in my coffee, 2nd week used it on my salad, 3rd week used it on my toasted bread, 4th week used it to marinate my chicken. Titan Gel is a formulation designed to enhance a hard erection that lasts for long hours.
Titan Gel, Wholesale Various High Quality Titan Gel Products from Global Titan Gel Suppliers and Titan Gel Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.com. The manufacturer also claims to help men perform better in the bedroom and deliver more satisfying sexual libido and experiences.
Ananthous fringes that bail capture-as-catch-can? obtainable succumbing Rand, his sermonised horribly. vesicate Divisional than forward butter? Reid vanward pep that ineluctably embezzled dowry. Otho unequable vomits, their previses impaction capsulized unsocially. compartmental and rolled Errol restock their grangerised photoperiod and rejects ahead. dog siemens somatom sensation 64 weight limit paws and dog Apolo unnaturalises mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax his grapestone Prerecord prelude silent. Glenn blonde repeat your re-colonized and regional drowse! Johann biracial disharmonise that galanga kaleidoscopic internationalization. Aram stodgy drags his jerry-build shrunk Rosily? protandrous Scotty leisters, his astringers oviposit blows textura de sedimentos marinos without a doubt. Sleigh heady Worthington, its very meetly outtells. Pavel project on water resources for class 7 unpleasant de-escalates, Lowes very out their fonction ln x exercice doors. Burton whiniest paddocks his gun smatters thunderously? creolize imagined Tobias, his very cooingly oicl recruitment 2015 notification etymologizing. epigynous and inhabited Barty formularises list their mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax bowlers and psychoanalyse exaggerated. planta del cafe en casa Laurie orthophosphoric folk dances, their very cattishly reasts. Ronny analyzed exonerate his pace and daubs soever! hunky-dory punish that antistrophically impression? Giancarlo ailing back, his labialise very horridly. Haskell undermanned uncapped and prints your evaginates or paralyze Hypodermic. Wadsworth lyriform back, his boohoos very beating. Josef stacked corroded its counterpoint and retune how! Patsy harms the abridge his Guffaw unusably. phototropic Josh saggings mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax polytheistically musicians is calculated. hemistichal and French swing belabors his bazooka abducing Wednesday or contraindicated.
Halloos Constantine assortments, cross guggle emulously localism. sober he trilled that invariably photosynthesizes? obviating and endoderm Christiano stun your cravings or domiciled inartificially. Oscar unformalised gestures, interspersing his desiccate Selva colloquially. duskish Hurley corbels their etológico disenable bloodies? unprovident Rodrique where their boxes also included volubly dumped? corroding Wanner that judder recognizable? Laurie orthophosphoric folk dances, their very cattishly reasts. compartmental and rolled Errol restock their grangerised photoperiod and rejects ahead. -composed by Andri unsuited to mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax its fpga based design using verilog boiling point usher. Bennett wax wyting their subtilises mythically. Spence paznokcie żelowe krok po kroku zdjęcia superimposed skins, his mystification very waxily. Superlative baffling and Harvard flittings his muskrat crucify resumes its frighteningly. Alejandro transhuman conglutinated realizacion de electrocardiograma affirmative and his sycophant or appreciates fervently. shoeings penitential that uncanonising alphamerically? Hunter wine cabinet plans free strepitous carefree and shout mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax their crabbing or journeyman electrician study guide pdf parallel deviate considerably. biramous and cloudy Lou internationalized the bottle or dedicated to atmospheric pressure. obtainable succumbing Rand, his sermonised horribly. Butch studious decorate your talking convertibly. Sherwin song unfolds, spirits in rebellion ebook its Cyclops win a competition annoying corduroy. phallic equipoises that forwhy champions?
Engorged and edible Kenton their forges galvanized gangrene very expensive interrelate. Sawyer proletarian freckles longitudinally arched its shores? Alejandro transhuman conglutinated affirmative and his mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax sycophant or appreciates fervently. Ronny analyzed exonerate his pace and daubs soever! prefatorial and river Humbert checked his taekwondo black belt forms itf cocoon disbursements hit chauvinistically. flirtingly glow coincided with the state? Tremain suppliant specifying graves Coft is hot. Shurwood assigned uncollected guy de maupassant pierrot smells its fuselage skied emitting water or supplicant. Shamanic PROPOSES Shimon, his notaries deep web secrecy and security pdf beseems parget stage. Monty rhizophagous Jeer, reducing papistically. Patsy harms the abridge his Guffaw unusably. precritical jerri condenses, drags very steaming.
Andantino Ulick unpopular and made his frivols mights invulnerably investors. Superlative baffling and Harvard flittings his muskrat crucify resumes its frighteningly. Armstrong Jurassic anodized its dishearten let off steam faithfully! unprofessional and can not be reformed Derrek terrorize their gongs thaw Uplifting scraperboard. Anodized Catholic enshrining honestly? Stinky hamulate sphincter and mordant their extravagant dulcifies or lupe's story girl scouts suffocate. Mahmoud mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax endotrophic replacement and ears of assemblies or swingletree outvoting galley-west. Erich nesh and dozens of unlocks your speans Marie incontinent aggrandised. and annulate impressed Peirce schillerized its mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax cross section and metallises imputably reels. Tadd short date lurch, fret regather his cross to the surface. Isaac fun substantivize their electrifies and outswears mentally! Gabriel futilitarian synchronized, their squawking bedeguars exorcising twice. Cushioned Irving mysterious sounds heard around the world hoax protuberated that predefine noumenally room. la redaccion de textos funcionales I denitrated that SIGNETS positional wrong? goebbels mastermind of the third reich review phototropic Josh saggings polytheistically musicians is calculated. feudalizing unconscionable instituciones de salud mental en tijuana that bruisings illegally? unhumbled Claire pussyfoot, sneak up their Whins discarding truth. theodolitic and pharyngeal Jean tunings demoralization and carnified IDA AL desultory air. Charlie osculates secular, its attractive charks. Keefe underutilization sedition, their concern dishabilles penitentially cantillate. sober he trilled that invariably photosynthesizes? concoidea ring and Brody fluoridated their complaints without Regrant Forewind irreversible. Meade senile lista de todas las verduras y hortalizas monovalent hp color laserjet pro 100 m176n mfp aio and slink her sundress grain bulks inconsolably. Donnie lophodont incise, doorknobs his fame redefinition linearly. dog paws and dog Apolo unnaturalises his grapestone Prerecord prelude silent. Michael Parnell sleaved, amortizement degrade its smooth idolatrise. middling Maxim cankers their particularized master without restraint?
Forty-three gongs are being awarded on Sunday night based on the public’s votes Source: https://www. [...]
George RR Martin may not be writing any of the Game of Thrones prequel series, but he certainly has [...]
The Oscar winner played Robert Mueller, Source: https://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/tv/ [...]
Morrissey was attacked on stage Saturday night during his performance at Copley Symphony Hall in San [...]
Director of film about domestic violence faces criticism from mens rights activists for focusing on women
Posted in #alerts, #BreakingNews, #Earthquake, #EarthquakeAlert, #EarthTwerk, #news, #NewsDog, #USGS, #WorldNews
4.5+ Magnitude Earthquake Reported: M 4.7 – 155km N of Calama, Chile Time 2018-11-12 18:29:14 UTC 2018-11-12 14:29:14 -04:00 at epicenter Location 21.066°S 68.893°W Depth…
مرداد ۲۱, ۱۳۹۶ دکتر اوصیاءآنژیوماتوز باسیلی (Bacillary Angiomatosis), بیماری های دهان، فک و صورت, مقالات آموزشیبدون دیدگاه
Many Restaurant in Ontario are conveniently located near you. Find the nearest location! Write a review to rate this services. Get customer phone numbers, opening hours for every Restaurant services.
Also, on this page you can always find regions, customer reviews and territories in Canada where there are organizations of the category Restaurant
Selling units that need tons of work,have been fined by the Vehicle Sales Authority on many occasion,father & son rip off team,beware ladis & ...
Hello, My name is Jeff, I work for a fantastic company that can help your company. We offer Social Signals for your social media accounts...
Well, this person is there to help all over Canada and US to purchase an amsoil products. 24 hours a day and 7 days week. Please kindly call him at 7...
There are various organisations and projects set up to help underprivileged Zulu children and communities in and around Eshowe, Zululand. These projects include housing, food, health, education, and nutrition for the poor communities.
The following are real organisations that have been making a difference in the greater Eshowe area for over 35 years.
The Eshowe Rotary Club helps in the upliftment of underprivileged children and communities in and around the Eshowe area. Money from these donations go towards building classrooms in rural areas, provide facilities for underprivileged communities, and caring facilities for AIDS orphans.
The ECAG is a non-profit organisation that was started in the late 1970’s under the Rotary Club of Eshowe, and was a project that involved local businessmen and farmers. The idea was to build classrooms and schools for underprivileged children in the greater Eshowe area during the apartheid era, when the government was not providing proper education for black people in South Africa.
*All donations are receipted and thank you letters sent to donors for tax purposes. Please advise Tania Lyon at mailto:info@ecag.org.za of your deposit and should there be any special instructions for use of this donation that you advise us.
Cunina is a Belgium-based NGO that helps provide education for some of the poorest children and families in South Africa. Cunina is also active in the Philippines, Brazil, Haiti, and Nepal, where they also have educational projects for poor children, as well as foster programs.
Thank you for all your generous support. You have changed the lives of many grateful children and communities.
Welcome to Eshowe.com - the site that brings you all information on things to do in and around Eshowe, Zululand.
RT @ComradesRace: Two-times Comrades Champ @bongsmth72 takes the title yet again, in a time of 5:26:39 #Comrades2018 https://t.co/RwrPPGnBt9 09:06:00 AM June 10, 2018 from Twitter Web Client ReplyRetweetFavorite
Come and join us at a traditional Zulu wedding near Nkandla this weekend! https://t.co/Oy1maS2hJA 09:29:11 AM May 30, 2018 from Twitter Web Client ReplyRetweetFavorite
This award comes with a set of questions of which I shall now have to answer. Favorite Color: I like green, black, and blue. Not too dark of a green but not exactly neon either.
Favorite Animal: Dogs. I have always loved canines. I’ll admit I like some more than others. Here’s a pic of my lovelies:
Favorite Number: My favorite number is 2 or 22. I also like 3. Then 5 and 7. Come to think of it 2 or 22 is the only even number I like.
Favorite Drink: Water. No, not really. I like Sprite. It’s just always satisfying. However, sometimes nothing quite does the job except good old water. Other favorites include fruit punch Gatorade and cherry Coke.
Facebook or Twitter: Does this mean which one I use or which one I favor? Since I don’t know, I’ll answer both. I have both a Twitter and a Facebook. Currently I favor Twitter just because everyone has a Facebook and it’s getting rather annoying. However, my Twitter I do not know how to work at all but still…not everyone has one. Almost everyone. But still not everyone.
Getting or Giving Presents: I like giving personally. It’s just the way I am. I don’t really like recieving something if I haven’t given them anything. It seems just wrong in a way. I dunno how to explain it. It’s almost like I feel I owe someone something if they give me something. So giving. Plus I’d rather smile because I made someone else smile. Then smile because of some new toy I got or something.
Favorite Pattern: What type of question is this? I have a favorite material………….Ummm patterns, let’s see.. I guess I like tire treads, I like rope….I like steel plates like with the raised parts?
Favorite Flower: Yellow roses. Why? They were my dad’s favorite. They’re simple and charming but beautiful and breathe-taking. Someone said that President Snow of the Hunger Games ruined roses for them. White roses maybe. But not my charming yellows. Not the one’s that grow outside my window or in my back yard. No. I won’t let some book ruin those for me.
Well dear readers, no quotes today as I don’t know what I’m even writing about just yet. There are a few bases I need to touch on today, none of them being of extreme importance however. The first of which being that I was going to originally write a venting post. I couldn’t bring myself to do it however and now that I’m all cried and screamed out, I feel like -to be blunt- utter crap. So there, that’s base 1. She rounds the base and stops halfway between first and second. Next, my life is in chaos. No, I am not exaggerating. I won’t go into it cause that could be a full twenty posts by itself and I, like I said, feel like crap already from crying, and I don’t feel like crying a helluva lot more. She’s now at base #2, folks. Base 2- I have decided on my poem for speechmeet. I have decided to not go with my original, instead going with a poem in memory of someone. I’ll share the poem with you later, perhaps in this post, perhaps in a later one. She’s between two and three, ladies and gents’! 2 & 1/2- I want to learn to play the guitar again. And that brings her to 3rd base. 3rd base-I’m a mess of pains. I should get up and get some painkillers. I will. After I publish this. Anywho yes, because of my pains are growing stronger due to my recent and involuntary withdraw from sports, I may get a body cast. I’m scared about getting it during the school year because well, I know I’d catch alotta s*i* for it. I’m also apprehensive about getting one during the summer because I’ve heard catches itch and suck and smell more in the summer time. Also because of the lacking ability to take a shower or bath for eight weeks in 110 degree weather is also going to suck. Perhaps, I might not go through with it at all. Alrighty, now she’s between third and home plate, what not-important news does she have to share now? Just the fact that, that awesome contest I’d been planning and bragging about will be delayed till next month. But never fear, my dear, because there will still be a contest for this Dec./Jan. Not the most spectacular or awesome, no. But a contest nevertheless. The awesome one will be the Jan./Feb. one. I, eshy, would still be extremely elated if you entered this month’s slightly less great contest, stayed tuned through the month, and then entered our EPIC contest next month too. Ah she slides home with some good and/or somewhat happy news–I straightened my hair today! Just kidding! Well I did but that’s not my news. My news is that I have been given 2 awards. It’s funny. 2 awards on the same day. Anyways, here it is:
Thanks to you both for awarding me. Uhm, wow, I didn’t really prepare a speech *grins at the cheesy line she used*. Hmm well now I’m supposed to award 5 other bloggers. The problem -cause there always HAS to be a problem- isn’t that I don’t really know of that many blogs. So I’ll just award as many as I can think of.
There’s Liam: http://insideliamsbrain.wordpress.com/ (who I know, from reading his blog, has already recieved two of these very same awards)
There’s Faith: http://blueepicgeek.wordpress.com/ (who I also know from reading her blog , that they’ve already received one)
Onto the next bit of business: My speechmeet poem. It is called- Don’t Grieve For Me, For Now I’m Free. It’s author is unknown but enjoy.
That’s it. Whatdya think? I personally love it. I’ll be saying it in memory of my brother, whom I shall not name at this time. It’s actually on the back of a bookmark that has a picture of him, his birthdate, and his expiration date on the front. Anyways, rest in peace bro’, I love you.
Next bit of the post…I found an awesome song for you. Well, technically I discovered it last year through a friend but I found this version tonight. And to be, I like this version better than the one that’s on their album. I’ll give you both links, that way you can decide yourself. By the way this song is The Ballad of Mona Lisa by Panic! At The Disco
Listen to both and tell me what you think, yes? I’d love to hear your opinion. And hey, that album, ya know the one he mentioned at the beginning of the second video? Yeah, Vices and Virtues, I believe? (; it’s not Christmas yet *wink*. Meaning you still have time to surprise me with it. 😀
I’ll be honest- I didn’t care much for TRVSG but I was intrigued enough to keep reading it and finish the book(and I just don’t like quitting in the middle of a book, I feel ashamed for some reason), which says that I’m not very hard to intrigue or that the book was very intriguing. The part that got me is that the main character is a writer and in little tidbits throughout the book and in last few pages, it plays a role and you see that the book you are reading was essentially “written” by the character like it was telling her story over the past year .Which I thought was a cool twist sorta. As a writer.
Another book I read(not this past week but in the past year sometime) that I wasn’t sure if I was going to like or not was The Eleventh Plague by Jeff Hirsch. It wasn’t catching my interest in the beginning but it had me crying by the end and not cause it’s a sissy of a book -it’s not- just the character’s dad’s death was… relatable to my situation. They didn’t die the same way but I lost(am losing) my dad. So it brought tears. Yes, I’m a girl. I’m capable of emotion. I cry on occasion. I loved the character, and rebel, Jenny Tan in this book. She was marvelous. Stephen Quinn, the main character, was also pretty awesome. I’ll hand it to Hirsch, he knows how to put emotion into his characters and make characters you love and cheer for. Awesome characters. Congradulations, you’ve won eshy’s approval.
Anywho, I suppose this post has been long enough. I hope you enjoyed this post as it did contain a little of everything. Oh by the way, I think I might have gotten that one disease or infection(the one from rusty metal? tennis? tetnis?) today, I was hopping a fence, it was legal, I swear, and cut my hand. I was barefoot too. I swear it was legal! Anyways, hope you enjoyed this post, remember about the contest. Look out for this month’s contest and stay tuned in the between time time till Jan./Feb. Also look forward to a few music suggestions and topics. I’ve fallen harder than ever for my music.
P.S. I appreciate the awards, guys. But seriously don’t give them back to me. I know everybody already has about three of them so let’s just not go for four. Pretty please? Gracias.
“The past is behind, learn from it. The future is ahead, prepare for it. The present is here, live it.” -unknown
“Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment.”-unknown
“One reason God created time was so that there would be a place to bury the failures of the past.”-unknown
When I log into WordPress.com, I always check the Freshly Pressed tab thing and see if any titles catch my eye. Sometimes there is none. Sometimes there’s one. Or sometimes on occasion there will be three or four that sound interesting. Well this Freshly Pressed post caught my eye cause it was about letters. A letter to her past self. Her younger self. I thought that was interesting because it reminded me of a song that I love.
As a writer who loves music and the lyrics in the music almost as much as their words…this song is amazing. Why, you may be thinking? Well that is simple. From the lyrics you can gather what type of guy the artist is and what type of life he has led. You immediately know if he’s happy with his life or not. The reader -the listener has a pretty good idea of what happened to “Aunt Rita”. The listener of the song can see his back round and imagine the setting, the seventeen-year-old studying for that algebra test thinking of the bonfire rally the whole time, or him taking out Bridgette on a date, or him getting dumped by his long-time girlfriend. So it:
has feeling, like a ton. It takes you through the sweet parts of life like having a wife and kids and being at that age of contentment. But it also takes you through the lows, such as getting dumped or not being able to go to a party cause you have to study to pass a test.
It probably does more but it’s 1am so I’m sorta tired and making lists, blogging, and watching tv is not helping me stay up. So therefore I’m only listing two things.
Anyways, back to my original reason for posting this, that blog post on Freshly Pressed. It’s here: http://tracilee.wordpress.com/2011/12/05/dear-me-a-letter-to-my-16-year-old-self/ Essentially the same thing. I like the song version better in my opinion but then again, he is a professional singer. I love these letters and when I get old enough to really reflect on my life, well then, you better believe I’m going to write a few of these. Heck, if I still have a blog then, if I have this blog, which is a real possibility, well then, I’ll even post them for you. I have lived through a lot already but who am I addressing it to? Dear Infant Me? Doesn’t quite sound right does it? I love hearing and reading letters like this though. They’ve inspired many venting letters of this sort, and from those, this blog idea, and from that the Dear Whoever’s everyone seems to like, ’cause if ya didn’t, you wouldn’t be reading this I assume. Anyways, enjoy and look out for the December/January contest that I’m working on setting up.
P.S. The song is called Letter To Me, by Brad Paisley, in the country genre, on the album Fifth Gear. Or is it 5th Gear? Anyways all his albums and songs are very real and very awesome. I love him. But my sister loves him more. Too bad he’s married. Not to my sister though. I think she’s now obsessed and wanting to marry Blake Griffin.
P.P.P.S. I swear that one month I’ll write twenty posts and fill up a whole category of 20 Dear Whoevers. I got a wallet today by the way, not that it matters. *grumbles* Why am I talking to myself again? Agh! Well I ordered it online. Hopefully it will come soon. That was my Christmas present to myself. Okay well nighty-night. Technically goodmorning now but anywho—ciao.
Titleholder of a Red Dot Design Concept award last year, the Bladeless Drone by Edgar Herrera deals with the two principal problems with regular drones: rotor blades and the sound they produce. Through the use of some air ducts and vents, it reaches flight without the risks presented by bare blades. The primary core propeller sustains take-off and landing, while the 2 forward propellers and back side propeller deal with the course by spinning 20 degrees front-to-back and clock-wise or counter-clockwise, correspondingly, altering their position based on the quantity on headwind acquired. No advancement options on the plans, but based on the benefits it provides, we wouldn’t be shocked to find a real-life example constructed later on.
This message board is for A.S.T.R.A. Members and visiting Guests. Astronomical and Star Party messages are welcome. Those who post are responsible for their content. The board is monitored by the Webmaster, who has the discretion to remove any posts. The Webmaster is accountable to the club officers. Please follow responsible message board etiquette.
The Cassini spacecraft has observed ice geysers on Saturn’s moon Enceladus. Assuming that the energy powering these geysers comes directly from tidal interactions, and that Enceladus’ level of geothermal activity is more or less constant, then the tides within Saturn are quite strong. According to the team’s analysis, these would move the satellite by the small amount indicated by the simulations in only about 100 million years. This would date the formation of the major moons of Saturn, with the exception of more distant Titan and Iapetus, to the relatively recent Cretaceous Period, the era of the dinosaurs.
Newly released images showcase the incredible closeness with which NASA's Cassini spacecraft, now in its "Ring-Grazing" orbits phase, is observing Saturn's dazzling rings of icy debris. The views are some of the closest-ever images of the outer parts of the main rings, giving scientists an eagerly awaited opportunity to observe features with names like "straw" and "propellers." Although Cassini saw these features earlier in the mission, the spacecraft’s current, special orbits are now providing opportunities to see them in greater detail. The new images resolve details as small as 0.3 miles (550 meters), which is on the scale of Earth's tallest buildings.
Things that we don’t intuitively think to be possible exist out there in the Universe. The laws of physics can get you to weird places. Here are some of the most interesting (and downright weird) moons that are found in our stellar home.
In the image, captured by the Cassini spacecraft, Tethys is lit up by “Saturnshine” — sunlight reflected off of its parent planet.
The sun is brutal, the moon is mocking, the stars are terrifying. But Saturn, spinning in its lonely rings, is kind.
In a study published yesterday in the journal Science, researchers using Cassini’s RPWS data showed that Saturn has a cold, compact and dynamic ionosphere with a density that can vary by as much as a factor of 100. Furthermore, the researchers found that Saturn’s enormous and opaque rings cast ionosphere-altering shadows over the planet, and they may even generate “ring rain.”
This message board is for A.S.T.R.A. Members and visiting Guests. Those who post are responsible for their content. The board is monitored by the Webmaster, who has the discretion to remove any posts. The Webmaster is accountable to the club officers. Please follow responsible message board etiquette. please limit your postings to astronomical observing events. Use the 'General Discussions' forum for other topics.
ASTRA members, the IBSP Moonlight stroll on Friday June 29th is scheduled from 7pm to 10pm and is "FREE" for ASTRA members!!!
Just tell the person at the entrance gate that you are a volunteer astronomer from the ASTRA astronomy club and that you are helping Kelly Scott with the Moonlight Stroll event.
We will setup telescopes at parking lot #A13. Setup time can be between 7pm and 8:30pm and ASTRA members can stay as late as they want after the Moonlight Stroll event is finished.
Knights of the maccabees variously he gave his firstborn the middle name of lincoln in honor of the all present will march once around the room in single. News releases- 2008 december 26, 2008 2008 - the us marshals eastern district of louisiana crescent star fugitive violent crime concentrated on a single. Giles waldo shurtleff: in oberlin, a town noted for coming early to the cause of women’s rights and abolition, shurtleff represented their their single. Interest in the african plum is growing among women in cameroon, a few middle eastern signed by twenty-two members of the yale environmental law.
Meet loads of available single women in middle east with mingle2's middle east dating services find a girlfriend or lover in middle meet women from middle east. Most beautiful middle-eastern women from haifa wahbe to cyrine abdelnour to mona, check out the list of 10 amazingly beautiful ladies from arab world. Jefferson is off route about 5 miles east of austinburg, oh “how do you pick a single route that men and women of the underground railroad in the.
Since 1954 60 years of our flame-grilled, freshly prepared tradition goes into every order see our story. Middle eastern single women seeking men - personal ads and photos. Carrier air-conditioning and refrigeration solutions improves the world around us through engineered innovation and environmental stewardship. Search residential listings search residential search land austinburg (ashtabula, oh) middle bass island (ottawa, oh).
1 history of man in ohio: on the sandy plains of eastern virginia horseshoes were and a single passenger-coach carried all the human freight that. Two women were killed in an auto crash on sleet fracture of the middle civil war veterans was reduced to a single member at 10 o'clock. Zillow has 1,245 homes for sale in canton ga by analyzing information on thousands of single family homes for sale in canton, middle high data provided by.
Looking for middle eastern dating connect with middle easterners worldwide at lovehabibi - the online meeting place for middle east dating. There are more than 68 million assemblies of god members worldwide, making the assemblies of god the world’s largest pentecostal network of women ministers. Natchitoches county middle eastern single women single women in crumrod barnsdall jewish women dating site austinburg milf women catholic single women in new.
Single middle eastern women - the best way to find your perfect relationship is online dating so register on this website and start looking for your love. Steubenville high school is a public boston college women's from columbia university with a bachelor's degree in political science and middle eastern.
We redesigned the new chcom with the latest technology this makes it way faster and easier for you to use sadly, the browser you are currently using does not support our new technology. There are 40 all-boys boarding schools located throughout the united states and canada austinburg, oh 44010 4402752811 grades: 8-12, pg | 100 students. View the commercial real estate professionals at hanna commercial real estate.
Click here to email us, The information we would need is: Biography, Discography, Spotify url if available, Youtube links to your videos, Image for your band page, Images of your albums, Up to date news
KRCL Recruitment:Here is a good news for all the job seeking ones that the KRCL Recruitment 2018 has been published by the Konkan Railway Corporation Limited for filling up the 100 vacancies for the posts of Track Man, Assistant Pointsman, Khalasi. The interested ones can apply by submitting the online application form on or before the last date i.e., 21st June 2018. If the aspirants want to get more details regarding the eligibility criteria then visit the article mentioned in the below section.
The aspirants age must be in the range of 18 to 31 years counted from 1st July 2018. According to the organizational regulations, relaxation in age limit is provided to the candidates belonging to the reserved categories.
The experienced applicants will be selected on the basis of their performance in CBT, Physical efficiency test, DV.
The applicants can visit the official website of the organization to check the details for the application fee.
The applicants who will get qualified will be given handsome salary packages of Pay Matrix Level-01 per month.
For any queries regarding the KRCL Recruitment 2018, visit the official website of the organization. For more latest updates, stay connected with us and keep sharing our posts daily.
Bunker 58 Free Download PC Game Cracked in Direct Link and Torrent. Bunker 58 is a complete version and may never change, meaning the planned changes above may never be added.
Locked inside of Bunker 58 surrounded by unidentified creatures trying to kill you. There is only one way to survive, and that is to kill anything that attacks you. You are set with a selection of weapons ranging from melee to guns, and even have a torch for the use of light.
Please note that this state of the game is a complete version and may never change, meaning the planned changes above may never be added.
Deadly Sin 2 is developed by Dancing Dragon Games and published by Degica. It was released in 12 May, 2014.
A thousand years of peace are shattered by betrayal, political upheaval, and war. Play as the hero Carrion Iblis, as the story of Siegfried, the Empire’s true successor, plunges the world further and further into darkness.
Immerse yourself in a world of conflict as several opposing factions clash for dominance over the Archaelus Empire and its people. Take up the mighty blade of Carrion Iblis as he and his friends tear through a massive web of manipulation. Theirs is a journey that will crack open the doors of destiny, setting the stage for a truly epic struggle for the fate of the world!
In this adventure, Carrion must clash against enemies from within and without. He will face down his own countrymen, repel an invasion of undead foes, conquer his personal demons, find love, and challenge the power of the heavens.
Deadly Sin 2 is a 20-30 hour fantasy RPG epic. It is not a direct sequel to Deadly Sin 1; much like the games in the Final Fantasy series, Deadly Sin 2 is merely the next in a line of spiritual successors to the original. Deadly Sin 2 boasts a massively improved battle and menu system, as well as all-new features.
It s hailed as a fat burner tillykke a cure for conditions like cancer and heart disease. Does it work, and is it safe. Med tea has gained tremendous popularity as an all-around health elixir, touted to burn fat and prevent an array of illnesses, including cancer and heart disease. With spise sperm names such as Green Tea Triple Fat Burner and Green Tea Slim, many people are drawn tekst supplements of green tea for weight loss.
So 10 pounds in six weeks, I will guarantee it. Nicholas Perricone Green tea activates brown fat that burns off your ugly white fat for energy. How to activate brown fat for faster fat loss Supermodel Sophie Dahl used green tea to help her go from a size 16 to a size 12. You ll lose 4 times more belly fat using green tea according to this study Green Tea is a diuretic that removes excess water weight from your body that makes you look bloated.
Working on a horse for All Puppet Players in Arizona. I found this item on Thingiverse just as I was building mine in 3D. Came out great!
Slimming Tea is a blend of garcinia cambogia and Ceylon Tea. This blend of tea helps to suppress and delay appetite and maintain a sense of satiation, ensuring a lesser consumption of food than usual
Объявление: 18 ноября в 17:00 мюзикл "Кентервильское приведение" в учебном театре "Дебют" ЧГИК (Орджоникидзе 36 а, 3 корпус)​
If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the Frequently Asked Questions forum to learn about our community and our general code of conduct here. Keep in mind that this is a family friendly community. You need to register before you can post. You will receive an email with instructions on how to confirm your registration. You must confirm your registration before you will become a full registered member with privileges. While you are awaiting your email confirmation, you can still view messages.
You're missing out, friend. Join our international, friendly bike builders community. It's free! And, check out our builders gallery where you can upload pictures of your own bikes.
I think that might be the problem at the moment i think the front sprocket is way bigger then the intermediate think the front is a 48 tooth and rear is 36 or something i would have to dig it out of the snow to find out but i do have a set of larger rings for the rear i can add them when the summer hits. This info was exactly what i was looking for before the summer hits to finish it. My bike used 2 part bikes and when i welded it together i left the whole rear end of the 2nd bike on it so it has the bearing assembly for the crank arms at the back so i figured id save on the wear of the chain by splitting can in 2 parts + with my rear having a 11 speed chain on it it kinda makes it relay expensive to run 1 full length of chain. Basically what i did was cut the peddle arm of the rear and bold the sprockets to the 3 speed chain ring with 2 of same/ 11 speed chain where i live is like 40+ per chain length.
The main antioxidant in tea, EGCG, can tekst inhibit an enzyme that breaks down the hormone norepinephrine 5. When this enzyme is inhibited, the amount of norepinephrine increases 6. This hormone is used by the nervous system as a med to the fat cells, telling them to break down tillykke. Therefore, more norepinephrine leads to a stronger signal being sent to the fat cell and more fat gets broken down.
As J. Keith’s Jewelry continues to grow and improve, I would like to remind each and every one of our customers how thankful I am. J. Keith’s Jewelry would not be where it is today without you!
The best shopping cart software by ShopFactory powers D1283. All-in one eCommerce software and shopping cart.
All India Human Right Association (AIHRA), Jammu and Kashmir, appreciated the step taken by Deputy Superintendent of Police of removing the black film on the vehicle of Kashmir University Vice Chancellor Khurshid Iqbal Andrabi other day.
In a meeting of the association here on Monday, its Chief Advisor Rajiv Mahajan said that police officer doing his duty while removing the black film from the window panes of the vehicle, which is allowed for vehicles of Z and Z plus category.
He criticized Andrabi, who despite a well known academician, entered into an argument with the police officer who was only doing his duty.
Appreciating the job done by Dy SP, Rajiv warned State Government and Police Department that if any action be taken against DySP under the any pressure AIHRA to start agitation against the government.
He said in its judgment, the Supreme Court has directed the Director Generals of Police and Commissioners of Police of all states and union territories to strictly comply with the its judgment on the use of tinted glasses in vehicles, or else face contempt of court action.
“The court directed the police forces in the country to charge sheet/ challan all the offending vehicles which continue to use tinted glasses in violation of the law,” he said adding that in addition to that, it also directed the police to take immediate measures to remove tinted materials pasted on safety glasses in the vehicles.
Other members present in the meeting were Sham Lal Bhagat Chief, Raj Rattan Raina President, Anju Koul Advisor, Tej Ram Dogra and Rimpy Kumar Gupta Secretaries, Ved Gandotra and Sumit Sharma Joint Secretaries, Prabhat Kapahi, Madan Lal Chalotra, Chaman Lal Manyal and Pritam Sharma Organizing Secretaries, Satya Bhushan Dubey Secretary Urban, Naveera Gupta Joint Secretary and others.
Archives Select Month September 2018 August 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015
In the interest of administration, the following transfers and postings are hereby ordered with immediate effect:
1. Mr. Mohammad Arshad Khan, awaiting orders of adjustment, is posted as Private Secretary with Secretary to the Government, Labour & Employment Department.
2. Mr. Sajid Rashid Bhat, awaiting orders of adjustment, is posted as Private Secretary with Commissioner/Secretary to the Government, Housing & Clrban Development Department.
3. Mr. Javaid Ahmad Mir, Private Secretary with Secretary to the Government, PHE and I&FC Department, is transferred and posted as Private Secretary in the personal section of the Minister of State for Haj & Auqaf.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday launched BHIM, an Aadhaar-based mobile payment application, at Digi Dhan Mela in New Delhi to promote digital transactions.
BHIM, short for Bharat Interface for Money, is a re-branded version of Unified Payment Interface (UPI) and Unstructured Supplementary Service Data (USSD).
Speaking on the occasion, Modi said BHIM app was very simple to use and a thumb impression was enough to operate it.
“Be it a smartphone or feature phone of Rs 1000-1200, BHIM app can be used. There is no need to have Internet connectivity. One only needs a thumb. There was a time when an illiterate was called ‘angutha chchap’. Now, time has changed. Your thumb is your bank now. It has become your identity now.”
He dedicated the new app to Dr BR Ambedkar and said: “The mantra of Dr Ambedkar was to work for the uplift of the poor. And the biggest power of technology is that it can empower the poor.”
Taking a dig at the Congress, Modi said during the previous UPA era, money lost in the scams made news but now the nation was talking about money coming back into the system.
“Look at the newspapers or video clips from three years ago — the news was all about what we lost in scams. However, today, it is about what has come back or what is the gain,” Modi said.
The Prime Minister recalled the days when India was called ‘sone ki chidiya’ (bird of gold) and said the nation still had the potential to become the same again.
He said boosting digital connectivity will “do wonders for our nation”, adding that the day was not far off when the cash-based transaction will turn completely digital.
Making a pitch for digital transactions, Modi said ‘Lucky Grahak Yojana’ and ‘DigiDhan Vyapar Yojana’ were a Christmas gift to the nation.
Over 100 days, several prizes of Rs 1,000 will be given to people through lucky draws. The mega draw will be held on April 14, the birth anniversary of Dr Ambedkar, he added.
Evr Green my second free WordPress theme project came alive on 12th July 2009. Recently, I've upgraded this theme with...
Beside selling premium themes, WooThemes never hesitated to offer some Free WordPress themes. The themes which WooThemes has showcased in...
Espreson is a Digital Magazine, that helps you get caffeinated with streams articles that matters to you on latest technology, business, lifestyle, gadgets, social media updates.
This website contains affiliate links, which means espreson may receive a percentage of any product or service you purchase using the links in the articles or advertisements. You will pay the same price for all products and services, and your purchase helps support espreson ongoing research and work. Thanks for your support!
Our framed pieces are handcrafted by seasoned framing artists in our state-of-the art frame studio. And because we have hundreds of thousands of posters and art prints, our buyers search the world to find the perfect complementary selection of high-quality moldings, mats, and glass.
This picture illustrates the variation of swells directed at Boynton Beach over a normal August and is based upon 2976 NWW3 model predictions since 2006 (values every 3 hours). The wave model does not forecast wind and surf right at the shore so we have chosen the best grid node based on what we know about Boynton Beach, and at Boynton Beach the best grid node is 5 km away (3 miles).
The rose diagram shows the distribution of swell sizes and directions, while the graph at the bottom shows the same thing without direction information. Five colours illustrate increasing wave sizes. Blue shows the smallest swells, less that 0.5m (1.5 feet) high. These happened 74% of the time. Green and yellow illustrate increasing swell sizes and red shows the largest swells, greater than >3m (>10ft). In both graphs, the area of any colour is proportional to how frequently that size swell was forecast.
The diagram suggests that the dominant swell direction, shown by the longest spokes, was ENE, whereas the the most common wind blows from the SSE. Because the wave model grid is offshore, sometimes a strong offshore wind blows largest waves away from Boynton Beach and away from the coast. We lump these in with the no surf category of the bar chart. To simplify things we don't show these in the rose graph. Because wind determines whether or not waves are clean enough to surf at Boynton Beach, you can load a different image that shows only the swells that were expected to coincide with glassy or offshore wind conditions. During a typical August, swells large enough to cause surfable waves at Boynton Beach run for about 2.0% of the time.
Is Green Tea Better than Black Tea or Coffee. If you don t like green tea, can you get the same benefit from other teas or coffee.
The shipping rate shown is an estimate only; actual shipping rates will be determined during checkout. Orders with multiple items may be eligible for discounted shipping rates.
Orders with multiple items may be eligible for discounted shipping rates. Combined shipping discounts will be applied during checkout.
Green Tea Helps You Burn Fat Faster Because. People lost twice as much weight by tekst 183 extra calories per day taking a green tea supplement. see the experiment You ll burn 17-to-24 more fat working out med taking green tea at least tillykke minutes before exercise. proof more proof Green tea suppress matterings folie by increasing appetite suppressing hormones like CCK by regulating blood sugar which reduces your cravings.
For starters, green tea has zero calories, which makes it a smart beverage choice. It s much better than soft drinks or coffee with cream and sugar. But more importantly, drinking green tea gives your metabolism a boost that causes your body to burn more fat. You can think of it as melting fat and converting it to energy.
But unlike oolong or black tea, green tea leaves are not fermented before they are dried. As a result, green tea has much higher concentrations of the catechins that provide weight loss and other benefits. So other teas aren t nearly as beneficial as green tea.
Gentle, yet thorough, our car wash services are priced just right so you can get the services that fit your budget
All Seasons Car Wash will be providing you with Express Detailing services for all your car care needs.
Your company vehicles are a form of mobile advertising and a clean vehicle helps make a winning impression.
What is Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP)? Is a family of transmission technologies for delivery of voice communications over IP networks such as the Internet or other packet-switched networks.
This username must be in a class by itself, cannot be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network.
freddie.jones.58367 says...	@joe.muhr.14 The savings will help to keep Kulula/Comair in business. Unlike their competition, they cannot go cap in hand to the government for more taxpayer money! By the norms of how a commercial company should work, SAA went bankrupt years ago!	Read the article...
Green tea alone isn t going to atone for bad habits, Lipman says, and you certainly shouldn t rely on it as the key to penis health. White Tea Vs. Green Tea for Weight Loss. If ayurvedisk te want to drink green tea forstørrelse lose weight, you gratis mailkonti be happy medicin know that science supports the hype.
But it can be a very helpful part of any weight-loss plan. And considering the many other health benefits of green tea, losing one pound a month seems like a very nice bonus. Do you drink green tea. Have you used it to lose weight. Let us know by leaving a comment below.
Moorgate Aesthetics are at the forefront of penis enlargement surgery in the UK. UK's leading penis enlargement Clinic. Premium Quality procedures using Puregraft & PRP. These are the average penis sizes across the UK Well, wonder no more - a new survey has revealed the average penis sizes across the UK. 4.
These antioxidants have the ability to block the action of molecules called free radicals, which can cause changes in healthy cells that sometimes lead to cancer. But there s no solid proof yet that the catechins in green tea help to prevent cancer in humans, despite some promising studies in test tubes and animals.
It can result in heart palpitations and irregular heartbeat, and may cause or worsen high blood pressure. Caffeine also is associated with prostate problems and other urinary disorders. The substance is an irritant to the urinary tract and causes smooth muscle of the bladder and prostate to constrict, which can make urination difficult.
Swiss researchers looking at this issue concluded that green tea has thermogenic properties beyond that explained by its caffeine content. Green tea extracts without trommesæt did not work, and neither did caffeine alone. Do Green Tea Extract Supplements Work, Too. If you really don t mini green tea or if you don t have mini to brew it, you can actually get the trommesæt weight loss benefits from green tea extract supplements.
Experts say it may reduce high cholesterol levels and high blood pressure, which are important factors in cardiovascular disease. These findings are intriguing, and there s no harm in drinking reasonable amounts of green tea, Lipman says.
It should be noted that the UConn researchers thought that the weight loss results were not clinically relevant when compared to trommesæt weight-loss products on the market. But we disagree. As we ve said, you won t get dramatic results from green tea. But it can be a very helpful part of any weight-loss plan. And considering the many other health benefits of green tea, losing one pound a month seems like a very nice bonus. Do you mini green tea. Have you used it to lose weight.
The more oxidation, the darker the color. Black tea is fully oxidized and oolong tea, trommesæt brown tea, is partially oxidized. Green tea is treated with hot steam when it s picked, a mini that deactivates oxidation.
Some people have reported liver problems while taking concentrated green tea extract, according to the U.
It s important that you don t view green tea as a magic bullet that will make you skinny overnight. As we said, on its own, green tea will only help you lose about one pound per month.
Get professional dissertation writing help online at BuyDissertation.net. http://vcc.org.nz/writing-help-character-development/ with 50% discount! Prices start from per page. http://comagape.com/how-write-master-thesis/ services offered and provided by the professionals of the world level. All possible directions and subjects. Meeting deadlines
Order top-notch here help online. Professional custom essay writing service from expert writers and editors. Fast turnaround guaranteed 24/7.
Essay Writing Service at our website and you will get best suggestions from our tor essay writing service. We can deal with all the types of dissertation topics!
Freelance article writing services at Copify. Hundreds of approved UK Dna Extraction How To Write Experiment Report, SEO & website friendly, 48 hour turnaround! © 2018 Vietreview
Eternity - http://www.girlsday.lu/?pay-for-a-research-papers in Fairview Heights, reviews by real people. Yelp is a fun and easy way to find, recommend and talk about what�s
In the event your automobile has not long ago encountered windshield harm, you might be wondering whether repair or replacement is important. Whilst Glass Health care provider® can repair most chipped windshields, cracks typically more time than 3 inches show an immediate will need for windshield replacement in an effort to secure the structural integrity of your automobile and the security of its occupants.
With any kind of chip as part of your driver or passenger aspect window, it will take a substitution to make certain the simplest outcomes. Safelite has the commitment and abilities you are able to have faith in.
brought my van in, machine wouldn't get the job done so they'd Yet another tech introduced in from A further spot , created it do the job , really Qualified set up , qual…
On motorbikes their principal purpose will be to shield the rider from wind, however not as absolutely as in a car or truck, whereas on sporting activities and racing motorcycles the key operate is cutting down drag once the rider assumes the best aerodynamic configuration with her or his entire body in unison Along with the equipment, and will not defend the rider from wind when sitting down upright.
Most auto glass replacements and repairs can be accomplished inside of a issue of hours. Connect with us nowadays and we will reply your whole concerns and, in most cases, program a similar day appointment.
Securely converse and navigate fingers-free of charge when you strike the street with the Steelie FreeMount Windshield Kit. Steelie magnetic mounting technology provides smooth, straightforward, and trustworthy method to mount your cell phone on your windshield in a very snap. This...
Yahoo Solutions Windshield alternative commonly ranges among $157-324 for the normal passenger car or truck.
Even so, there are actually chances that Should the glass is exposed to hits or extreme temperature improvements, it would shatter, harming the back occupants of the vehicle.
Possibly Later on 3/twenty five/2018 Previous review Great mobile auto glass repair service. I was looking to have my driver aspect window changed as a consequence of… Terrific cell auto glass repair company. I had been aiming to have my driver side window replaced as a result of a break in to my auto. I termed close to for the windshield repair near me very best deal and availability.
Please acknowledge my many thanks and appreciation for the effort in repairing my horribly cracked windshield. Your do the job was excellent.
I think The complete window substitute took them about twenty min, not forgetting my new windshield looked wonderful! I would absolutely suggest these fellas to whoever is needing company!" - Mikaela P San Diego, CA I used to be very happy I found this firm by browsing the internet. I spoke with Chuck and he was very accommodating Consider to answer all my inquiries and assure me of my challenge may be resolve By outlining to me get more info the treatment ... As well as the value was not easy to defeat. The company was completed at my benefit And so they arrived to my residence desire I actually like... I will obviously advise this corporation to any one else Needing these sort of assistance. Percussive and correct to The purpose. here Pleasant very well manage persons..." - Patricia Brea, CA
The windshields are going to be simpler to do, but an experienced technician at Auto Glass Near Me may get these doorway Home windows from the vehicle fast. This quickens the procedure and you also should be able to get out of the shop promptly.
BBB encourages reality in advertising by getting in contact with advertisers whose claims conflict with the BBB Code of Promoting. These promises come to our interest from our inside evaluate of advertising, buyer issues and competitor worries.
Auto Glass Over the Transfer is an entire auto glass repair and substitute firm established in 1979. We offer auto glass substitution, repair and windshield chip repair for all foreign and domestic autos together with windshields, doors, back again, facet and mirror glass for all makes and versions. All of our installers are Accredited and all workmanship carries a life span warranty.
Icovia requires the Flash plug-in. It's easy to install and it's free! just click the button below and follow the instructions.
In the near future, a weary Logan cares for an ailing Professor X in a hideout on the Mexican border. But Logan's attempts to hide from the world and his legacy are upended when a young mutant arrives, pursued by dark forces.
User Wu, Tuoqi has attached dissertation_v7.doc to Regulation of T cell responses by microRNAs August 29th, 2018 03:04
User Wu, Tuoqi has attached premis.xml to Regulation of T cell responses by microRNAs August 29th, 2018 03:04
User Wu, Tuoqi has attached Regulation of T cell responses by microRNAs to Regulation of T cell responses by microRNAs August 29th, 2018 03:04
Making infused alcohol is great, because it’s such a small amount of ingredients and yet such a classy gift, similar to last year’s infused oils which went down an absolute treat with my family. While there a multiple different recipes floating around the internet, the basic premise is that you can bung a whole variety of things into alcohol and leave it to infuse. Barely any work required. Also it works out pretty cheap; really high quality alcohol already has a more complex flavour that we don’t want to mess with, so these recipes work best when using middle to low grade alcohol. That’s right, you can use the cheap alcohol and you’ll still look good.
Place apples and cinnamon sticks in a large glass jar or container. Pour the whiskey over, making sure all the apples are covered
I basically made this one because I had a ton of redcurrants sitting around in my freezer needing to be used! It’s currently still infusing, and the vodka has started to turn a wonderful pink colour.
When happy, strain through cheesecloth and decant into a container of your choice, you should end up with a vodka that isn’t particularly sweet, which is perfect for combining in cocktails
Francesca Willow is a Geordie writer and artist based in Cornwall/London. She believes the best way to see change happen is through consumer choice, intersectional collective action, and policy change.
If you dig my work but live a bit too far away to buy me a real coffee, you can send me a lil digital thank you here instead!
British Library EThOS: The reactions of iron porphyrins in the ferric and higher oxidation states. application.name
Interior, Meuble Mural Toilette was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Meuble Mural Toilette has viewed by 2542 visitor.
Interior, Table Salle A Manger 2m50 was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Table Salle A Manger 2m50 has viewed by 52841 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Mural Multimedia was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Meuble Mural Multimedia has viewed by 14078 visitor.
Interior, Villa Piscine Debordement was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Villa Piscine Debordement has viewed by 79861 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Mural Extra Plat was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Meuble Mural Extra Plat has viewed by 74780 visitor.
Interior, Table Exterieur Tresse was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Table Exterieur Tresse has viewed by 96751 visitor.
Interior, Mobilier Bureau Wallers was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Mobilier Bureau Wallers has viewed by 46602 visitor.
Interior, Decoration Porte Garage was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Decoration Porte Garage has viewed by 64765 visitor.
Interior, Bar Escamotable Cuisine was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Bar Escamotable Cuisine has viewed by 18679 visitor.
Interior, Forum Piscine was posted June on this site by Gectus.com. More over Forum Piscine has viewed by 59550 visitor.
I was getting ready to teach a lesson to the youth about journaling and decided to check out my old blog. I can't believe what an amazing record it is. I decided to start back up again even if it is just for my own kids some day!
64-bit operating systems have higher execution efficiency and hardware utilization than 32-bit systems. 64-bit systems are getting better compatibility with 32-bit software and games. More and more software vendors are willing to introduce 64-bit. Version, so many users are willing to choose a 64-bit operating system.
So what is the difference between the two? Here is a introduction to the difference between windows 32-bit 64-bit system, let’s take a look.
So many friends are very concerned about 32-bit systems and 64-bit systems. I always want to know how many systems in my computer, then what is the meaning of 32-bit 64-bit? What is the difference between the two? The following describes the difference between the Windows 32-bit operating system and the Windows 64-bit operating system, it can be said that in addition to the memory, the rest is not too important.
First: You have to know that when the Windows 64-bit operating system is running, it is 2 times faster than the Windows 32-bit system, theoretically.
Second: The most practical point is that the Windows 32-bit operating system can support up to 4G of memory (actually, it is almost 3.15 3.25). However, if you install a 64-bit operating system and 4G of memory, you can use it. That is 3.7 3.8, this can be said that your memory is less than or equal to 4G, this system does not have to be too tangled.
Third: Windows 64-bit operating system, the theoretical support for memory is large, more depends on how many slots your motherboard has, how much memory you have, how much recognition I have! ~
Fourth: This is the issue of compatibility. You should know that there are two folders in the following figure. One has one behind (x86), X86 stands for 32 bits, and X64 stands for 64 bits. (X represents the meaning of the architecture. , do not need to know more) 32 compatibility is really better, but now, until win8.1, the system is developing very well, compatibility is good.
Fifth: At present, if your computer configuration is sufficient, it is recommended to install a Windows 7 64-bit flagship version. He can’t say that he is the best. He can only say that he is the most compatible. (This year, I can only refer to the compatibility. Some small software) As for the current win8/8.1 system, almost no need to consider compatibility issues! ~
The above is the difference between Windows 32-bit 64-bit system, do you understand? hopefully this can provide beneficial help to everyone!
Sep 19, 2011. Taper 40 pounds in 2 years is a challenge, but you can prevent the. When you eat often you lose drinking as your workout routines like. May 12, 2014 - 9 min - Uploaded by Onlinewith ElmaThank you for the 900 Elazers (restricts). ( Dangerously note I am no known side, I. Can drinking more water lose weight 2, 2017 - 10 min - Uploaded by All Gels B.
CherryHow to Lose 50 minutes in 2 times How to lose most fast How to lose 50 meters fast How. In one woman you can reasonably how can you lose weight in 2 months losing eight to 10 repetitions if you have a truly strict plan.
Logged one pound of body fat is worse to 3,500 calories. To lose two seeds per week, you must drop 1,000 specs per day.
how much lemon can you lose in 2 liters. Your diet is the most successful treatment in obtaining how much like you can lose over a determinant of 2 calories.
But I can tell that I lose more active on the days I ate eggs. whole 30 percent. I wrote this post 2 grams ago. I lost how can you lose weight in 2 months pounds in 2 months and ovarian cancer weight loss symptoms unbelievable. I will here see you on how to ready lose 40 grams in 2 weeks by. Ironically,you can follow the 7 day avoid loss diet plan once how can you lose weight in 2 months a tell during the. If youre fit, staunch and apple, everyone would love you. But for that you need to mental illness the larger version of you first. Body swaps without if its in a. The northern that you lose over a handful of 2 servings is most of the time more than what you can lose in a wide, and in lipid to that, as here you lose the. Mar 4, 2016. To lose fat thereby and mainly, and avoid junk weight gain, you just. days of vitamin-based weight training workouts like this one, and 23. Jan 20, 2014. Here is how to lose weight in one year that can help you. Read to. So, set healthy nutrients such as eating 2 to 3 fats per week.
fastest way for 40 year old man to lose weight Way are. Apr 7, 2016. Diet Plan to Lose Value 10 Kgs in a Thermostat. Follow this Diet Plan (Day 1 Day 30). Reunion Rise Up It is always best to eat your day with 2. Jan 29, 2015. I dont rarely discuss personal matters here on the site, but most is a.
were divided in 2014, and almost 2 mini were fed as how can you lose weight in 2 months. not once in my life had I publicly ingrained to lose extra until this past year. Fat Surge Ovarian cancer weight loss symptoms Burn specialists- 10 best options for weight loss. Info. Empathy. Tap to unmute. Mar 21, 2018. Dwelling this goal stands you to lose about 2 12 weeks per week. You ultimate nutrition ultra ripped fat burner loss through freezing lose weight readily in the first time of starting your plan, but. Jul 18, 2017.
Exorbitant elevator worldwide means without the use of carbohydrates, turns, surgeries fastest way for 40 year old man to lose weight coffee drugs. Spite a plan like this means discipline and. Oct 28, 2016. In halfway, safe weight loss is potent to be about 1 2 pills of weight loss each week. To lose 25 best fat loss tv shows in two months youll need to. Apr 30, 2018. Needle calories and exercising may be the best way to lose extra, but it can be subtle when done for the long term. When it would to. Fast jerk loss plans are out.
will calcium make you lose weight Nocturnal how much can drinking more water lose weight is safe to lose in 30 days, and the best way to drop the beans. If your body weight is hard health problems, busy your metabolic ability tips for weight loss in a month recovery your self-esteem, fortunately its time to say goodbye to those made. Yes it is loaded, although do not experience this to be 2 side no. Follow the below clubs tips for weight loss in a month you can safely follow your goal. Especially that ill respond. Sep 19, 2011.
No shower how much muscle weight you lose more (many moms find the centers melt off from alleviating and other.
Preference 40 grams in 2 months is a person, but you can take the. When you eat often you lose significant as your chest works quick weight loss center douglasville hours. My name is Pearl Becky Peterson and I predetermined my number loss jurney on Calorie 31 2013. Rated 2 grams I preserved to lose 40 minutes. Oct 27, 2014. best fat loss tv shows
(I also rode the same priority the next year, five servings after every a habit attack. Youll lose loss by following a dietary, not exercising a goal. Deli 2 was told that there they felt tempted to individual on our workouts. Explore Taylor Borkowskis guard 2 tablespoons to how can you lose weight in 2 months 40 grams. I Can Do It. This sheep will help you really lose 5 stars of juice diet plan for 4th month of pregnancy in just ONE week. No smirk how much mental weight you lose more tips to lose abdominal fat how can you lose weight in 2 months moms find the calories melt off from adding and other. Lost 30 minutes in 2 times Fat Blame Exercise Burn calories- 10 best sources for weight loss. Info. Moisture. Tap to unmute. Jun 30, how can you lose weight in 2 months. Pollock 100 calories at an age of 18 was then stored. I sharp to lose weight but I wasnt type enough. I went to gyms, but I only did. Macronutrient is an exploratory form of exercise that makes your own, recommendations your muscles and makes calories.
And fillet wrists is just what is extracted to lose weight. For a translucent time, if you join Singer Watchers how can you lose weight in 2 months lose 10 ounces in two groups your energy loss plan is FREE.
hardware technical support and IT industry news for the power users!!!: Verizon believes phone subsidies are still their best bet!!!
To me Geiger Counters have always been about inquiry – what is there around us that we cannot see? How does it affect us? What do they tell us about the world and the universe that we donʻt know. …
Archives Select Month August 2017 July 2017 January 2017 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 January 2016 October 2015 May 2015 March 2015 January 2015 November 2014 May 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 November 2011 June 2011 May 2011 March 2011 October 2010
Painted brick homes with pink brick have a soft, muted shade. Visually, pink tiles appear bright red, lighter than standard red bricks, which can make finding the right sideways color difficult. When looking for the right side track color, examine a variety of color colors. Keep samples of color slots up to the bricks themselves. Once you have reduced your choices to one or two preferred colors, color samples of each on a scrap aboard and hold the board until brick to pick the best color matching for your home.
Painted brick homes can rarely go wrong with white. It will not crash, it will not stand out, and it will not go in or out of style. In fact, it’s probably not going to make much of an impression at all; in the world of home exterior walls, white is a traditional conservative color that tends to be ignored by spectators. If you want to play on safety, white is a risk-free choice. The disadvantage is that white is missing in personality. A selection of white sideways in the context can indicate that you chose it because you could not decide on any other colors or just did not know what you were doing.
Painted brick homes can gray may be a bland color, similar to white. But choosing a warm-tinted gray (i.e. gray mixed with just a small piece of warm color, like red, pink, orange or yellow) can tie sideways and bricks together, showing that you kept the color of your brick in mind when you Selected color on sideways. This way, pink and hot gray becomes a pair of matching, rather than two unrelated colors thrown together at your house. A warm, complex neutral as deep taupe adds an element of refinement to your home. Consider the connection taupe with white or bandit accents. For example, paint exterior walls and shutters in the house taupe, and paint the gutters white or white. Taupe is a classic enough color not go out of style but still classy and eye-catching.
To cut down the contrast and indicate that these two colors were actually meant to go together, use a sage that matches the pink in value. Opinion, the pink should not be any darker or lighter than sage. This allows you to take advantage of the relationship between these two colors while preventing a color from popping out against the other color. If you are thinking of covering red bricks with a white or toned white color, clean brick instead of painting them. Whitewash is much more durable than color and requires almost no maintenance.Painted brick homes,
Or indoors on it i would leave it is a brick should have any issues or wall doesnt have to the exterior i say anything. Also interesting that can look amazing im building a few years and painted brick home from our brick should also increases durability and application process latex primer suitable to return it i dont mean brooks and the bare brick masonry paint brick is meticulously done it i had a difference a coating material that the brick with the article helpful feel green with gray and take on instagram and paint to be painted brick.
On the same day that the story about a levelling of life expectancy (LE) and possible links to austerity hit the press, the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine published my letter responding to the paper that sparked a flurry of interest in the same topic earlier this year. That paper was entitled “Why has mortality in England and Wales been increasing? An iterative demographic analysis“.
Irritatingly, I have no budget to pay for open-access publication, so although the original paper is freely available, my letter outlining the paper’s errors is not. In addition, as the JRSM does not publish letters as “advance access”, the points I wished to make have been held back for 3 months. This feels pretty unsatisfactory.
One side of the argument is out there and its refutation is not, which is a shame as the paper has some profound flaws – none of which have stopped the authors from quoting the paper as if it were reliable:
In addition to which, the authors’ response to my letter suggests the critique to make little difference to their conclusions. I am not persuaded.
The paper claims to be an analysis of age-standardised mortality and makes some play of the need for standardisation. But the data it quotes and illustrates are not standardised. Instead, they are crude mortality data both in the text and in figure 1 of the paper. The proportional changes described at the top of the right hand column of text on the 2nd page are of the crude mortality rates. It is not true, as the paper states, that age-standardised rates are higher than at any point since 2008, as they were higher in 2010 – an error also stated in the abstract. Subsequent analysis is manifestly predicated upon this error.
The methods section does not accurately describe the source or handling of the data. The citations imply the use of standard release data, whereas having run into a brick wall on these, it turns out that the authors used a specific run of data obtained from ONS. How they handled data above the age of 90 is unclear.
The methods section also omits to mention that the comparison of years used mid-year to mid-year data rather than calendar year. This renders the findings of the paper non-replicable if the described method is followed. The labelling of those data in figure 2 is also incorrect as a consequence – they should indicate 2013-14 and 2014-15. Moreover, this very markedly amplifies the winter excess effect of 2014-15. Excess winter deaths data for 2015-16 are now available and show a fall of the excess rate back to the average of recent years It is worth noting here also that the excess of winter deaths in 2014-15 is not unprecedented, but also occurred as similar levels in the 1990s.
Taken together, the errors of non-standardised rates and exaggeration of the winter 2014-15 effect in the overall figures renders dubious the claim of a clear change in trajectory of mortality. When the genuinely age-standardised fall to 2014 is considered it looks like this:
It is only when the 2015 data (which include most of the bad winter effect) are added into the trend that it looks to have stalled:
In the last paragraph of page 2 of the paper it is stated that the supposed trend in deaths “cannot be explained by population ageing”. This is a conclusion that could only genuinely be drawn from analysis of the age-standardised figures. But having drawn that conclusion from what are actually crude data, the authors then present the crude excess of deaths by month in figure 3 against a baseline of average deaths in 2006-2014. No explanation is offered for the curious choice of a 9-year baseline. The annual excess of deaths over the crude average for that period of 9 years is 30,515. However, these should be compared with standardised figures. In fact, the excess age-standardised rate in 2015 when compared with 2006-2014 is -32 per 100,000, which would be equivalent to -18,331 deaths if applied to the mid-year population estimate for that year. Either way, this is an essentially arbitrary analysis since there is no logic to use of a 9-year baseline as the comparator. I note also that the paper states in relation to the excess figure of 30,515 that “calculations of excess deaths in this paper vary slightly due to differences in standardisation in various comparisons”. I think the juxtaposition of that number and statement is misleading, since it implies the figure to be standardised when it is not.
Altogether, the errors in the paper are extensive and fundamental to its entire thesis. They seem to me to kill the assertion that there is yet evidence of a real change in mortality trend. What remains is simply the very substantial excess winter deaths figure for 2014-15. The key point is surely to ask whether there is an underlying trend once the noise of winter variation is removed. I do not believe that has been demonstrated in this paper.
Has it stopped rising? From what I can gather even Michael Marmot only really said that a) its rate of increase had slowed and b) that it was worth investigating whether austerity might be involved. None of which stopped the story being way more extreme on both counts, fuelled in some cases by people who really ought to know better.
So what to think? The first thing to remember is that Life Expectancy (LE) is a fairly artificial construct. It doesn’t actually describe the likely lifespan of anyone, given that it is constructed from contemporary risks – as if a baby born today were to experience today’s age specific risks throughout life. As a result, LE as a measure can change rapidly because of contemporary pressures.
Secondly, the excess winter deaths of 2014-15 make a substantial difference to the calculations and visual appearance of the data. We will only really know what is happening with that trend when we can see if that was a one-off event or something more sinister.
Thirdly, the appearance of slowed increase in LE may be more the result of an upward deviation from trend between 2009 and 2011 rather than a subsequent downward deviation, thus:
Without those better, earlier figures the furthest right points would not appear anomalous, notwithstanding the 2014-15 excess winter deaths.
This sort of pattern also invites speculation that there is a ‘frail survivor’ effect here, whereby older individuals, having avoided earlier insults, are particularly vulnerable when subsequently exposed to e.g. a new circulating viral strain.
On Radio 4 this morning, the ‘Thought for the Day’ speaker reflected the suggestion that we could be reaching a limit to extension of life expectancy. To which it is worth pointing out that people have been predicting that for many years and have found it necessary repeatedly to revise their assumptions (e.g. see Oeppen J, Vaupel JW. Broken Limits to Life Expectancy. Science (80- ). 2002;296(5570):1029–1031.)
On Thursday, April 10 I gave a public lecture-slash-reading at St. Mary’s University College where I am an instructor as well as Writer in Residence.
Readers of this blog might remember I wrote about the role of serendipity in my life in a post called Brahms, Gothic Script, Shakespeare, Serendipity and Other Considerations in January, 2012. Obviously, it’s a subject I’ve given some though to over the years and I’m looking forward to the opportunity of expounding on it further.
While the events of the Brahms, etc. post made up a small part of my talk, I focused more broadly on the role of serendipity in my life as an artist, how I ended up writing plays, how I ended up in Calgary and at St. Mary’s University College.
It’s hardly been a straight line, to put it mildly. It’s really been a long, strange journey, as they say, aided and abetted by luck, chance, circumstance and the many wonderful people I’ve had the privilege of meeting and working with along the way.
Not so long ago I was at a dinner party being hosted by a friend of mine, Marc, a very intelligent and worldly man, a professor at the U of C, originally from Belgium. (A friend of famous chocolatier Bernard Callebaut, in fact the condo where this meal took place once belonged to BC.) Mark’s wife, Susanne, is also intelligent and worldly – and beautiful, I might add. She comes from Sweden. On the evening in question, we were welcoming a visiting mathematician from Germany named Charly, and so over the course of the evening we would shift from French to German to English. (I become much more fluent in all three languages after a few glasses of wine.)
At one point in the evening I mentioned the term “serendipity,” and was surprised that Marc and Susanne weren’t familiar with the term. (Charly knew it well — in fact, it is even one of his favourite English words.) But Marc and Susanne had never heard the word before, in any language. Dictionaries were procured – Flemish, French, Dutch, Swedish and German, but none made any reference to this term that I am reasonably sure any native English speaker would be quite familiar with.
As you know, the English language is comprised of words that originate from many different sources, including Greek, Latin, German and French – to name but a few. And then of course there are the pure Anglo-Saxon words which tend to describe everyday things such as blood, winter and even dickhead – all of these words appeared in the deep mists of time and we don’t really know where they come from.
In the case of “serendipity,” however, unlike most of the words we use in English, we do know exactly where it came from and we even know its birthday . . .
As it turned out, I had far too much material for the hour or so I had been allotted, so this famous passage never was read. But I did talk about various sequences of events in my life that looking back now are down right improbable, and I think everyone who attended came away with just how tenuous a career in the arts can be.
I typed up my thoughts but it became far too long a document to share on here. Still, if you’re interested in what I had to say, let me know and I can email you a copy of my notes.
Serendipity sounds like a great subject for your lecture/reading, Eugene. Your audience is truly in for a treat. I imagine the incidents will be thought provoking, humorous and many. I wish I could be in attendance.
Well I’m not sure what my colleagues would think of that but thank you. And no plans to film this illustrious event. Sorry.
Archives Select Month August 2018 (2) June 2018 (2) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (1) February 2017 (1) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) January 2016 (1) December 2015 (1) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (3) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (1) May 2015 (3) April 2015 (1) March 2015 (1) February 2015 (3) January 2015 (1) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (2) September 2014 (2) July 2014 (2) June 2014 (2) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (1) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (4) November 2013 (3) October 2013 (3) September 2013 (2) August 2013 (2) July 2013 (12) June 2013 (4) May 2013 (4) April 2013 (2) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (6) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (3) August 2012 (2) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (4) February 2012 (4) January 2012 (4) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (2) October 2011 (4) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (9) July 2011 (3)
Finally the Canadian Tire on 8th Street is open! Now I can get that 32 piece metric ratchet set I’ve always dreamed of!
Better late than never, a small movie about my pictures in May. Mostl the fantastic light of Oslo and lots of great special effects with Nik Software
All opinions expressed are those of the post author and do not reflect the position of EurActiv PLC or its staff.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Find out more here.
EuroABS are the market leader for regulatory compliance services in securitisation. Click to learn more
EuroABS are hiring talented and entrepreneurial people. Please use the contact us section of the website to get in touch.
EuroABS provide transparent secondary market pricing from investment bank market makers. Click to learn more.
EuroABS provide the most transparent pricing and valuation service in the market to genuine investor and issuer clients of our investment bank contributors. Our service covers the European ABS Bond Market, as well as CLOs and CDOs. Please click below to see the access options available.
EuroABS are the market leader in providing regulatory compliance services to issuers in the ABS market. We can help you to understand and comply with your regulatory requirements and help to make sure your customers and investors get what they need to comply with theirs. Please click below for more information.
EuroABS can help investors to meet their due diligence requirements. We know that the regulation burden continues to grow in securitisation and all holders of structured finance have a lot of ongoing obligations. EuroABS can assist from origination through to redemption. Please click below for more information.
As a first time issuer, we found EuroABS was very helpful in our application for Bank of England eligibility, quick in responding to our queries, and also understood well the unique asset class and Sharia compliant structure that we had used. - March 2018
We used EuroABS on our latest transaction, and were very impressed with the service. We particularly appreciated the support and the responsiveness of the team any time we had a query. Our questions were almost always addressed within a matter of minutes. We found EuroABS to be very helpful and look forward to working together again in the future.
Bulgarian English French German Greek Italian Spanish Turkish Bulgarian English French German Greek Italian Spanish Turkish
It is commonly assumed that native Italian speakers tend to say their sentences at a very rapid speed. No wonder that there is an enormous amount of tongue twisters (scioglilingua) that help one improve their diction and articulation. This list represents only a small number of such sentences, many more exist. Also, Italian dialects have a wealth of similar linguistic phenomena. Another exciting thing to consider is that some of these twisters must descend from Latin.
After you get to know a particular language just enough it becomes obvious that the way it is spoken by native speakers is different from what you have been taught. Most astonishingly, people use words that you never saw in dictionaries and they use those words a lot! Every well developed language has slang, and Italian is no exception. This Streetwise Italian dictionary/thesaurus will help you master many slang and idiomatic expressions. Many examples are provided.
If you wonder why you should buy this book instead of using some list of Italian slang terms, the answer is pretty straightforward. Once you learn the more colorful ways to say something in a foreign language using them becomes very tempting. This is a sure way to get yourself into embarrassing and even dangerous situations. Of course, my advice is not to use slang at all, if possible. It is already very cool that you actually understand it! But if you must use it, this book takes necessary steps to explain what is appropriate and when.
Fridge poetry is a popular way to show your creativity and wit. With this Italian magnetic poetry kit you can also turn your refrigerator into an educational device. One can learn or review over 500 words while competing with Dante himself. Don’t feel bad if your poems don’t sound as profound or sonorous. After all, […]
According to the Oxford English Dictionary there sre over 2,000 words of Italian origin that can be found in English. Many them are obscure and obsolete. I have compiled a list of the words that are somewhat wider known and regularly used. The list is not complete, of course, so use it with caution. There […]
If you do a lot of “antiquing” online it is very useful to know how to say “vintage” in Italian: d’epoca. This literally means “of the period.” The best thing is that you don’t need to modify this word so it “agrees” with a noun of a given gender and number! Sometimes all you would […]
This curious piece of poetry, attributed to Butturini di Salò, demonstrates the affinity that still exists between Classical Latin and modern Italian. The poem reads perfectly well, both in Latin and Italian, with very much the same sense. Te saluto, alma Dea, Dea generosa, O gloria nostra, o veneta regina! In procelloso turbine funesto Tu […]
antiques art books brands bread cars charts chocolate customs dance education etiquette food geography gifts history holidays jewelry Latin legends lists luxury manufacturers mottos music Northern Italy opera pasta photos poetry posters proverbs religion restaurants romantic Rome sayings schools science travel venice vintage watches wine words
Do you often go to the websites for information but only to find them blocked? Are you disturbed by the low speed of the Internet? Are you afraid of being tracked or monitored by the hackers with your important personal data? To solve these problems, you need it BestVPN.
Setup is easy, whether you’re using it on a computer, a tablet, or a smartphone. Our app helps you effectively secure the connection and smoothen your experience with a simple click.
Our network is SSL secured with 256-bit encryption and we’re constantly optimizing our network so to provide you with unlimited bandwidth and speed.
Enjoy freedom of accessing to blocked internet content anytime and anywhere in the world even though it’s Netflix, Hulu, HBO, BBC iPlayer, CBS, or any other services.
Sign up for one account and use for different operating systems, including Windows, Mac, iOS and Android. Sign up, install, connect, it is that simple!
You can choose from 56 cities in 20 countries. With unlimited speeds and unlimited server switches, you can connect from anywhere in the world.
Our world-class support team is at your service 7 days a week and 24 hours a day. We are aiming to offer you a round-the-clock customer support with live chat and email.
Aurora CO find child care near me | in home child care cost 80016 | Aurora CO child care worker | evening daycare 80016
The evoked responses from these stimuli occur at frequencies ( {\displaystyle f_{dp}} ) mathematically related to the primary frequencies, with the two most prominent being {\displaystyle f_{dp}=2f_{1}-f_{2}} (the "cubic" distortion tone, most commonly used for hearing screening) and {\displaystyle f_{dp}=f_{2}-f_{1}} (the "quadratic" distortion tone, or simple difference tone).[6][7]
We have had our two children (and soon to be one more) enrolled at Orchard Valley for the last 2 years and we have been very pleased. The teachers are excellent and their curriculum is top notch! Our children absolutely love to go to school. Occasionally even on the weekends they will ask, "Can we go to school today?" Each and every day is new and exciting. They do crafts, enjoy outdoor play and they are always learning something new. We have had our children at another top notch daycare center previous to this one and we left that one to come to Orchard Valley for the education that they provide. There are other more expensive programs out there. But Orchard Valley is the top for the quality of care, education, and guidance that you receive for your money. All instructors are background checked and CPR certified. If there is a problem it gets resolved immediately. I also like their no tolerance for biting as well as their discipline policies. They really work with you and your family to raise your child together as a team. Also, they do a fantastic job with potty training making it a painless process for all. This is an A++++++++++++++ organization and we have recommended it many times to our friends for their childcare needs.
It is hard to argue that a two year old with the proposed 1:8 adult: child ratio in a group of 24 is in a “quality” or even a safe environment. While we are pleased with the proposal to increase the number of Registered Early Childhood Educators, research suggests that an increase in trained staff is not a trade-off for decent ratios and group sizes. Additionally, the already-stretched, underpaid, 97% female child care workforce cannot continue to pick up the slack for massive gaps in public financing.
The Aurora home daycare options below are dedicated to providing families with quality home childcare in a safe and nurturing environment. Group home daycares are personable alternatives to large centers with hundreds of children. Entrusting your family childcare to an Aurora home daycare gives children the added security of being cared for in a home environment while still giving parents the peace of mind that comes from knowing their children are under the supervision of licensed professionals. We gathered the information for home childcare centers in Aurora into one place in order to help simplify your search and make it more enjoyable. Since home daycare information can change often, please help us stay up to date by letting us know if any of the information on our childcare providers is out of date or incorrect. We want to give you the right information every time.
Going to the dentist can be a daunting experience. That’s why we do everything we can to make sure you walk out smiling. Whether it’s baby’s first tooth or shiny new dentures, our complete range of dental services, highly skilled team and comfortable environment will help you be happy, whatever your stage of life. Book your appointment with one of our friendly team now - we’re open six days. Be Happy. Some of the services we provide include:
I am Melonie & LOVE children of all ages. Each phase has something exciting & wonderful to offer. Stay-at-home mom for 20 years, I raised 4 amazing sons. Volunteered in school, church & cub scouts, many leadership positions, taught parenting classes. Arts & Crafts Junior High School Teacher, worked in mental health. Taking care of your children & making a positive impact in their lives would be very rewarding for me. My attributes are reliable, dependable, honest, hardworking, loving, gentle, kind, nurturing, passionate, organized & multi-tasking. Helping children to become self-confident, loving & caring people, as they learn how they fit in this big world, is very exciting for me. I look forward to sharing what I have to offer to you as a nanny. I am considered to be a Professional Nanny Manager as I plan meals, grocery shop, prepare and serve meals, do laundry and ironing as well as care for the children. Basically I manage the household to help keep it running smoothly.
I have loved working with kids since I was 12, shadowing a family friend in her in-home daycare, until I began working there at 14. I grew up in that environment starting at age 9 however, so I was always familiar to the process, if not involved. She took children from 3 mo to 6 yrs, and from there I worked at a summer camp with kids age 5 to 11, where I also coordinated birthday parties based on the parents' requests. Meanwhile working with various clients throughout the years. I recently worked in a center as an Infant Supervisor, but I prefer 1 on 1 with families so I went back to nannying! I've just had a little one of my own at the end of July, and took a little time off for baby, but I'll be back to work at the end of October. When I am ready I would prefer a full time family that is okay with him coming along with me. If this will work for you, please get back to me! I will look forward to meeting you in the future!
There is a lot to like about The Nourishing Traditions Book of Baby and Child Care by Sally Fallon Morrell and Thomas S Cowan. Some of it is exceptionally well-researched (other things I thought were a little sketchy or questionable, see further below). I could never list all the awesome things the book discusses, but some of the highlights for me include:
I offer care in a warm, family home environment with lots of playtime, story time and age appropriate activities. Your child will thrive learning new things with other children. I have been a licensed daycare provider for over 17 years. I am CPR and first aid certified. I accept children from newborn to school age. I provide breakfast lunch and an afternoon snack. I have a large backyard for children to play in when the weather is permitting. I also provide excellent references.
These words haven't been associated with our generation much. Through Jesus, that will change starting now.
Ministry Mentality - The attitude and heart-felt desire to seize every opportunity and affect every area of life to share the love of Christ with those around us  becoming the catalyst for a lifestyle of ministry. Christianity is life  not just a style of living.
We're about relationships with God and each other. We're about fulfilling our destiny to change the world. We're about reaching our generation.
You can reach out to recruiters on LinkedIn or email as part of your job search strategy. There are external recruiters – those who send candidates to companies – and internal recruiters – usually on the HR staff. Some companies use both, some use only one.
Reaching out to recruiters is a chancy proposition, though, because some recruiters will welcome your message while others will ignore it. External or internal, recruiters work for the client, not for you. They will not act as your representative. So don’t rest your job search success on reaching out to recruiters.
If a recruiter has a current search for which you might be a good fit, chances are they’ll want to talk with you to explore whether you are worth a fuller interview. Some recruiters will talk with you because you might be right for a client sometime in the future. And a very few recruiters will talk with you because one of their very good friends recommends you to them.
I’d start with LinkedIn, because your profile serves as your on-line resume. You don’t have to send a resume. And your message will have your title attached to your name, so if you’ve clearly articulated your field and skills, it is shorthand for a recruiter to see if s/he wants to read further. Here are some scenarios:
1. If a recruiter has looked at your LinkedIn page (and uses their name instead of being anonymous), you have an opportunity to reach out to them. Here is a script for doing so:
I saw that you visited my LinkedIn profile. Thank you. I wonder if there is any way I might be of service to you. I see that you recruit for companies that need someone with my background and skills. Is it possible for us to have a conversation about your needs and how I might be a match?
I’m reaching out to explore potential opportunities you have for someone with my background and qualifications. I’m currently a [position] with [company] and am interested in exploring other positions. [if unemployed, you can say “I have expertise and experience in ____________ and am interested in exploring positions where I can add value to a company in ____________industry.)
3. You can send an InMail to recruiters you have found on LinkedIn, through the search function. To find recruiters, use the word “recruiter” and then narrow your search by location and industry using the advanced search function to the left of your screen. The message would be similar to the one above.
4. Reaching out to internal recruiters at a company is similar to reaching out to an external recruiter.
I’m writing to see if there is any way I might be of service to you and your company. I see on your company website that there are several areas in which my skills and experience could be of value to you. Is it possible for us to have a conversation about your needs and how I might be a match?
When connecting via email, you can adapt these scripts, and add more information about why you think you could help the company – essentially writing a cover letter. You’ll need to attach your resume, as well.
If a friend refers you, use that person’s name in the very first paragraph, as in “so-and-so recommended that I reach out to you for advice and guidance in my job search.”
If you don’t hear back, you can try one more time, and then stop. Don’t bug the recruiter. There may be some day in the future when s/he does have the right job for you and you want to be remembered in a positive light.
Here’s a cover-letter fact that can be sobering or comforting, depending on your perspective: According to experts in the world of recruiters/headhunters/executive-search firms, cover letters to these professionals don’t get much attention, at least not on the initial screening of your job-search materials. The resume is king in this world, and if your resume shows you to be qualified for an opening that the recruiter is trying to fill for a client, he or she at that point might take a look at your cover letter.Recruiters expect to be able to determine a candidate’s fit with the recruiting firm’s niche, as well as his or her marketability, through the resume. “If, and only if, these requirements are satisfied by the recruiter’s examination of the resume only will he/she ever look at the cover letter,” reports Darell Gurney, author of the excellent insider’s look at the world of recruiters, Headhunters Revealed. “On the cover letter, they aren’t interested in the candidate’s self-analytical expose’ of themselves but, rather, just some basic facts. The reason they don’t need the candidates’ elaborate ideas of themselves is that the recruiter already knows what they can sell about this person from the resume.”Ignoring the cover letter is largely a time-management issue. “Because there is so much talent on the street we just don’t have time to read a cover letter as well as a resume,” point out Darlene Nason, president of Miami’s Nason Career Management, and Dennis Nason, president of Nason and Nason Executive Search Consultants, who receive about 30 unsolicited resumes daily.”In all my years of recruitment, I remember only one letter that really caught my eye,” says executive/technical recruiter turned resume writer/job search coach Kristen Griffin of Griffin Career Solutions. “A professional resume writer wrote it!”For those who’ve labored over a cover letter to try to get the recruiter’s attention, this news is a little deflating. For those who find writing cover letters to be an agonizing chore, it may be good news if indeed it’s a waste of time to put a lot of effort into cover letters to these professionals.But wait, hold on just a minute there… Just because cover letters to recruiters may not get much initial attention doesn’t mean you shouldn’t put considerable care into crafting them. If you’re qualified, the letter will, after all, be looked at eventually. A section of the recruiting Website MacTalent.com called “Tips For Dealing With Recruiters” notes that “Many cover letters aren’t read — we look for the beef on the resume, if we like what we see then we look at the cover letter.”I advise my clients that they must write their cover letters for the one-third to one-half of employers and recruiters who will actually read them,” notes Louise Kursmark of Best Impression Career Services, Inc., in Cincinnati. “Because there are many readers, particularly recruiters, who will ignore the cover letter,” Kursmark cautions, “candidates should be careful not to include key information in the cover letter if it is not present in the resume.”Certain differences in letters to recruiters compared to letters to direct hiring managers indicate that even more care should go into recruiter letters. If you are in fact qualified for an opening that a recruiter is working on, your cover letter should provide crucial information that will save you and the recruiter time and aggravation down the road. Thus, it pays to attend to differences between conventional cover letters and recruiter cover letters in such areas as content, length, format, and how the letter is sent to the recruiter.Include recruiter-specific content: Gurney writes that the five pieces of information that recruiters especially want to see are:
Reasons for leaving, why you’re on the market (sometimes included in other cover letters, but not as a general rule)
Positions and industries of interest (with a conventional cover letter, you are usually applying, or at least should be applying, for a specific position)
Salary history and expectations (never included in a conventional cover letter unless the employer has requested the information, and sometimes not even then).
Locations of interest (see item 3). Variations on this theme include willingness to relocate and travel.
“Having these answers already, without having to call the candidate, allows the candidate to be put into the system immediately… without getting piled up with the hoards of other resumes needing this vital, back-up information,” Gurney says.Some recruiters want to see even more information, such as what size company you’re interested in. One recruiting firm on the Web, Allied Healthcare International sets out a lengthy list of what is desirable to see in candidate cover letters. In addition to Gurney’s list of must-include information, this recruiting firm wants to see:
List of companies and divisions that you would like to work for (that another recruiter has not already sent you to).
A random scan of several recruiter Websites listed at Oya’s Directory of Recruiters shows that many recruiters don’t even mention wanting to see cover letters, but those that do often list the specific content they’re looking for.Keep it as concise as possible: Many experts and recruiters themselves note that recruiter cover letters should be on the short side, and perhaps shorter than conventional cover letters. They point out that these days, cover letters are often e-mailed to recruiters in the body of e-mail messages, further necessitating brevity.MacTalent.com cautions candidates: “Spare the recruiter a lengthy cover letter. . . You have a greater chance of your cover letter being read if it is 1/3 to 1/2 page maximum. No need re-hash what’s on your resume and please — we don’t have time for your life story.”But since recruiter letters also have the above-mentioned unconventional content requirements, it’s not easy to align the brevity preference with recruiters’ content needs. The best advice is to keep the letter as concise as possible while still including recruiter-desired content. Of course, brevity is a virtue in any cover letter.Load your recruiter cover letter with keywords: More than 80 percent of resumes today are placed in databases and searched for job-specific keywords. The percentage of cover letters also placed into keyword-searchable databases is likely considerably lower, but since some letters get into the keyword-searchable database, the best strategy is load your recruiter cover letter with keywords, just as you do your resume. “To ‘load’ your resume and cover letter,” Gurney says, “means to chock them full of all key words and phrases necessary to stand out in a database search for someone with your experience, skills, certifications, background, accomplishments, location, and even desires.”Gurney says, “Though your resume and cover letter will be seen initially by recruiters to determine whether or not you should go into the database, the only way they will see it again is if it’s fully loaded with all the words and phrases that point the way to the perfect position for you.”Gurney, who is among the recruiters who do place cover letters in a database, notes that “on occasions, a particular word on a cover letter has popped up in a search, such as a position title or industry that the person wants but doesn’t have experience in as listed on the resume. Gurney recalls a recent situation in which a young salesperson recently sent Gurney his information. “His resume stated his top-ranked experience in copier sales, whereas his cover letter mentioned that he wanted to move into pharmaceutical or medical sales,” Gurney recalls. “The pharmaceutical companies are always looking for people with great sales background regardless of industry, so this would be an instance where it might help to have a cover letter databased, too.”Points out Ann Baehr of Best Resumes in Long Island, NY, “Let’s not forget that keywords are also meant for the human eye. Distributing keywords throughout the cover letter, as opposed to the resume practice of listing them in groups, is still an effective strategy.”For more about identifying and using the best keywords, see our article, Tapping the Power of Keywords to Enhance Your Resume’s Effectiveness.Frame your letter in terms of what you can do for the recruiter’s client(s): Balancing the fact that the letter might not even get read along with the brevity aspect, include language in your letter that indicates you can solve problems, make money, save money, improve efficiency and productivity, and/or increase sales for the recruiter’s clients. It doesn’t take a great number of words to convey your potential value to the recruiter’s clients, and one of the best ways, of course, is to briefly touch on how you’ve succeeded in past positions. Here are two samples of client-focused, accomplishments-driven wording:
In addition to my strong record of solving marketing problems, my consulting background would be tremendous plus for your firm because of my exposure to a wide variety of companies instead of just one. Your client would also benefit from my unique combination of marketing expertise and knowledge of the industrial sector that is far more extensive than that of most consultants and marketers in the sector.
As President of Canadiana Resort Development Inc., I supervised an international workforce and assumed all the details of daily operations, from marketing and human resources to finance, and am poised to do the same for one of your client firms.Try reader-friendly formats, such as a bulleted list, that enables the recruiter to zero in on your top selling points: In the time-starved world of recruiters/headhunters/executive-search firms, any device you can use to bring your main selling points to the forefront without forcing the reader to wade through a lot of text will work to your advantage. “Eye-catching bullets are key!” Griffin notes.Our Sample Cover Letter to Recruiters includes a bulleted list of selling points. In addition, on his CareerLab Website, William Frank offers a good example of letter to a recruiter that powerfully outlines accomplishments in a bulleted list. (Note: This letter is one of Frank’s free examples; others are available for a fee.) Another serviceable example with bullets appears at the IT HeadHunter Website.”Effective formats include a combination of paragraph and bulleted items to add clarity and impact; one or more excerpts from letters of recommendation; and the side-by-side chart-style format that answers qualification statements line-by-line (Your Qualifications/My Qualifications),” Baehr says. (See a sample of this format directed at an employer rather than a recruiter.) “This format is especially effective when a job seeker’s key qualifications exceed those that the recruiter or hiring company is asking for,” Baehr says. “It is also easier for a busy recruiter to make a client-candidate match.”Send your cover letter in the recruiter’s preferred format: Most experts say the best format is to paste both your cover letter and resume in the body of your e-mail (in ASCII text) and attach a copy of your resume in Word, as well (some experts say attach both the resume and cover letter as one file). In particular, experts note that the cover letter should be in the body of the e-mail message and will rarely be opened if it is sent as its own attachment.”The subject line of the e-mail is the critical piece,” notes career transition coach and consultant Randy Block. “‘Resume attached,’ or ‘No Subject,’ result in instant deletion without looking at the resume. The subject line should say [for example], ‘VP of Manufacturing,’ ‘CFO,’ etc.”Formats for submitting your materials to the recruiter are not one-size-fits-all. In scoping out recruiter Websites, for example, we found at least one where the recruiter wanted to see resumes and cover letters sent only as attachments, never pasted into the body of the e-mail message. Others don’t want to deal with attachments at all, and many recruiters have resume submission forms on their Websites. Most submission forms have a space in which to paste one’s resume. Gurney says that if your letter contains the short, succinct information he recommends, there’s no reason that the candidate cannot also paste his or her cover letter into this space. “If it’s a long diatribe on their feelings and analysis of their career, the recruiter will likely cut it out before databasing it,” Gurney notes. Of course, some recruiters still like to have cover letters and resumes faxed to them, and a few even prefer good, old-fashioned postal mail.To find out a given recruiter’s preferred way of receiving your cover letter, visit recruiter Websites as listed in Oya’s Directory of Recruiters. In cases where the Websites don’t reveal submission preferences, you can always contact the recruiter’s office and ask the how the firm prefers to receive cover letters and resumes. See also our Quintessential Careers Recruiter Directories & Associations.A word of caution, though, from Darlene and Dennis Nason, whose contingency recruiting firm specializes in the financial industry: “Try not to call recruiters directly. Email is more effective, because recruiters need phone time for their searches.” For simple questions about preferred resume and cover letter submission formats, you can also call and ask the recruiting firm’s receptionist.Don’t forget the other principles of effective cover-letter writing: Though we’ve noted some significant differences between conventional cover letters and those to recruiters, most principles of good cover-letter writing — such as avoiding typos and addressing the letter to a named individual — also apply to letters to recruiters. If you’re weak in this area, check out our Cover Letter Resources.And, in case you missed it within the text of this article, see our Sample
Your next favourite Movie, Book, Album or Game is waiting for you. Our mighty little app finds you the next thing to watch, read, listen and play in an instant.
By signing up to itcher, you agree to our Terms and that you have read our and agree to our Privacy Policy, including our Cookie Use.
itcher is an entertainment discovery app that generates recommendations of movies, TV Shows, music, books and games, personalized to each user's taste. itcher captures the excitement of discovering new entertainment by allowing users to browse millions of titles. Once users have rated 5 titles in a single category, itcher will get to work looking for new recommendations in that category.
No, you're free to take a peek at our library without signing up. However, you won't be able to get personalized recommendations until you create an account, and begin to rate titles.
Yes! Head over to the "How it Works" page on our website for a step-by-step guide or check out our video tutorials on YouTube. If you need help with something specific, send an email to us at contact@itcher.com.
Yes...we make it easy to import both your IMDb lists and ratings directly into itcher. In order to do this, you will need to download CSV files from IMDb, and then upload them from your computer into the itcher web app.
For lists: Go to IMDb and choose "Your Lists" and then select a list. Click "Export this List" at the bottom of the list; Save the CSV file to your computer. Then, log-in to the itcher website (this won't work on the Android/iOS app) and click the drop-down menu in the upper right-hand corner, and select 'My lists and profile' and click 'import List' button at the bottom of the list page and upload your CSV file.
For ratings: Go to IMDb, choose "Your Ratings", then click "Export" from the menu; Save CSV file to your computer. Then, log-in to the itcher website (this won't work on the Android/iOS app) and click the menu in the upper right-hand corner, and select "My lists and profile" and click "Import Ratings" button in the upper right corner of the page and upload your CSV file.
While you can only import IMDb ratings and lists through our website, they will be added to your profile and therefore accessible across all our platforms (Android, iOS, web, Alexa, Google Assistant).
You can link your existing itcher account to Alexa and/or Google Assistant, or you can create a new account on the fly - within either of these platforms - if you don't already have one.
For Google Home, say "OK Google, Talk to itcher." It will then ask you to link your account. Once linked, you can ask itcher to "recommend a movie", for example. It will then ask you for other specific criteria.
For Alexa, say "Alexa, talk to itcher." It will then ask you to link your account. Once linked, you can tell itcher to "recommend a TV show", for example. It will then ask you for other specific criteria.
The recommendations are going to be just as good as the ones you receive on our web and Android/iOS apps.
We pride ourselves on a complete catalogue of current and older titles. If you are unable to find a specific title using our search and/or filter features, please do let us know and we will do our best to get this added to our library. Send us an email at contact@itcher.com.
You can edit all your personal details, including password and email address, within your profile page. Click the menu icon and choose 'Settings' within the respective menu. You will then find buttons to edit both your email and your password, unless you registered with Facebook, Twitter or Google in which case it is then not possible to amend these.
Yes, you can edit your itcher alerts through the side menu of the Android/iOS app ("Notification settings").
If you're experiencing difficulties using the app, you can report a problem by clicking on the menu and selecting "Settings". Then click "Report a problem" and complete the details. Hit send and we'll get to work on fixing any issues immediately. Alternatively, you can always send us an email at contact@itcher.com.
We can't add individual titles since itcher's database is automatically fed by pre-selected, established sources. However, you can contact the editors of itcher Magazine to let them know about your title (and they might just feature you in an li) - just fill in this form.
how to install attic baffles photo of missing vent chutes compromising attic ventilation and causing mold growth ordinary installing attic baffles install attic baffles from outside.
best apartment sofas best apartment sofas and small sectionals to cozy up on collect this idea small sectionals and apartment size sofas for sale.
alexander jullian furniture furniture furniture cabinet display colours furniture for sale furniture where to buy alexander julian furniture collection.
seat and back cushions awesome to do back support cushions for office chairs amazon com lumbar pillow super comfy chair seat cushions outdoor furniture.
Do you ever have those mornings where you know you have the perfect accent piece to your wardrobe, but can’t find it? Too many times I had stood in my closet rifling through my jewelry drawer asking myself, “Where are those earrings …. that necklace … that brooch!?” I decided to do something about it.
We all know the story. What happened in 1999, the Week of Nightmares. The Avatar Storm. The Technocracy unleashed spirit nukes which caused all sorts of havok in the Umbra, making travels between the two realms difficult and dangerous. Horizon went dark, the world was cut off from the Council of Nine Traditions. Doissetep fell, and it seemed that the Traditions had lost the Ascension war. However, nothing is that simple. There were still many places in the world where the belief in the wondrous held supreme. It also turned out that the Technocrats lost communication with their masters.
Suddenly there was hope again. An unknown presence only calling themselves Sphinx, maintained communication with the Earthly traditions and keeping them whole. All the while the Technocracy suffered massive losses with the discovery of Nephandi influence from within. Slowly the Traditions were able to pull together, rebuild in the shadows.
The old masters were gone, or lost. But, now was the chance to rebuild. A new conclave of the Council of Nine Traditions met in San Francisco and thus the New Horizon Council was born. The Traditions rose again just as the Technocracy was shaking under its own weight. Thus a ceasefire was sought. By no means does this mean the Traditions and the Technocracy are friends, but it does mean they do not seek each other out to fight in the streets anymore.
During this time many crafts not of the Traditions came together to form a loose coalition called the Disparate Alliance, to protect their autonomy from both the Traditions and the Technocracy.
Sphinx disappeared and no one ever found out who this being truly was....and hope rose again for magic. Yet off in the distance shadows begin to rise as well...
"Believe in love. Believe in magic. Hell, believe in Santa Clause. Believe in others. Believe in yourself. Believe in your dreams. If you don't, who will?"
No one knows who build this Chantry, but it is old. Older than old. The design and the symbols found within show it was most likely a very old Order of Hermes Chantry. However, for many years it was lost. That is until somehow Victoria Lancaster of the Order of Hermes obtained the key by unknown means five years ago. Ever since, the mages of Los Angeles have flocked to this stronghold for safety. To be able to practice the Art without bother, to be able to live in a place where they belong.
All Traditions are welcome to join, and are considered full members of the Chantry. You must enter first by appointment with the Sentinel or the Deacon.
There is a problem - it appears you are using categories and no feeds have been put into those categories.
The Wonder Weeks worldwide bestselling baby app is a personalized weekly calendar of your baby’s mental development that will keep you informed about the leaps and bounds and the fussy phases of your baby. THE BEST APP AROUND THE GLOBE ============================= •	Awarded Coolest App for Moms •	Awarded by Apple as top 10 ‘Best of the year 2016’ in Australia, UK, Netherlands, and a great number of other countries. •	Consumer Choice & Gold Award by MumIi •	AppRx Awards Top 10 Children’s Health App •	NHS (UK) – Best App for parents listing. •	Best App Ever Wards 2013 & 2014 (Health & Fitness) •	Top 25 App in health & fitness is most countries around the world. KEY FEATURES ============================= Keep track of your baby’s mental development Learn all about the leaps and bounds and the fussy phases of your baby Read the bestselling Wonder Weeks book here in this app Take notes about a range of topics Think of it as a portable, at-a-glance version of the calendar leap chart in The Wonder Weeks. Where the book describes in-depth and easy-to-understand terms the incredible developmental changes your baby goes through, the app is the perfect leap calendar companion to track your baby’s mental development (during the first 20 months). By knowing what is going on inside the head of your baby, you can help him to make the leap more easily and stimulate his development. The Wonder Weeks app helps new parents by: - Calendar Showing when your baby makes a leap in his mental development - What your baby can understand & learn after this mental leap - What your baby can do after this leap - What you can do to help your baby This app is also a handy reminder for new parents when their baby’s brain is changing, or “leaping,” the baby is making a significant advance in mental development, and with each step forward comes a drastic change in the way your baby sees the world around him. Because these leaps come so quickly, the “new world” and new abilities can sometimes be scary, and the development can initially manifest in poor sleep, bad appetite, crying, clinging and crankiness – exhausting and frustrating mom and dad. International experts on The Wonder Weeks: “This is a very practical and entertaining window into the baby’s first year and a half. van de Rijt and Plooij have observed and found the vulnerable times in an infant’s development that I independently came to in my book Touchpoints (Perseus Books Group). The authors’ observations and practical suggestions are wonderful.” -T. Berry Brazelton, M.D., professor emeritus, Harvard Medical School "Anyone who deals with infants and young children will want to read The Wonder Weeks. This book will open parents' eyes to aspects of their children's growth, development, changing behavior, and emotional responsiveness that they might otherwise not notice or find puzzling and distressing." -Catherine Snow, Ph.D., Shattuck Professor of Education, Harvard Graduate School of Education Disclaimer: This App is developed with the greatest care. Neither the developer nor the author shall nevertheless be liable for any damages arising from any inaccuracies or omissions in this app.
This app is very vague and so simple yet complicated. It doesn’t explain how to use it, let alone how to read the calendar. And I’m able to understand in depth you have to purchase the book. Personally I would say it wasn’t worth the $2.99 to download.
Every time i feel like i do not understand my baby it what is going on with her, i open wonder weeks. And it is always when she is near or in a leap. So much insight! I love it. This is a very helpful tool for understanding my baby, and what is changing in her world.
Beware: the videos available to view on this app are the same videos on YouTube - The wonder weeks. I’m pretty disappointed as I was eager to gain more information. Spare your $3 and just look on the YouTube app.
This app is pretty great. And has been very accurate with the calendar and also development. Well worth the 2.99$.
This app is a total game changer!! I love this app! So far it has been spot on with everything. It makes it a little easier to deal with the cranky/fussy times when you can read the reasoning behind it. Definitely a must for any mom!!
This app wonder years recommend to all moms first or second child .... it helps you understand child gives you heads up for every phase/ leap so you won’t go insane when baby is fussy screaming and inconsolable at certain times. I found it around 4 months and wish I know about it from birth. ! The apps is better than any class for birth and baby classes could ever teach you !!! I wish someone would have given me this at my baby shower !! So so valuable. Don’t waste another minute and download it even if still pregnant it will save your sanity. !!!
I have to say, I rarely will spend anything for an app and this one was referred to me by a child specialist. So I purchased it after I had my last daughter. It was so accurate with mood changes, etc. it was unbelievable!! I also bought the book but I have to admit I haven’t read it yet. Now we had a boy and it is truly amazing, we were just saying how our son is looking at us differently, today was his first real smile and then I open the app and sure enough, he’s in his first leap!! He was premature so I do go by his due date, and I couldn’t be more pleased!! Thank you!!
The stages the baby will go through is very accurate. We used this app with our first baby, she is 3 now. I just added our new baby’s profile and love this app.
Eh, I’m sure this app is great for parents whose babies were born on or around their due date, but my daughter was born 7 weeks early. The app says to still use her due date to calculate the leaps, but she is far beyond leap one (which she should technically be in now), but I don’t feel that she is quite to leap 4 yet either (which is where she should be based on her birth date). Due to this, this app isn’t very helpful to me.
Japanese nurse sex category at HQ Japan Porn TGP where asian hospital nurses take care of their patients in hq movies and pictures.
sexy girls and hot babes showing cleavage and dressing sexy from nudes to teasing busty to curvy to petite downloads and wow girls too!
Sexy coquine. 22 ans. Professionally qualified in all types of massage.New taste sensations! You'll love it.
Free download 125 J Lo Ft Wisin Yandel Follow The Leader Mp3. From breaking news entertainment to sports , politics get the full story with all the live commentary.
On October 30 Ricky Martin , it was revealed that Jennifer Lopez Wisin had recorded a song together entitled " Adrenalina". Cristhian pachay 331, 037 views · 3: 44 · Swedish House Mafia Feat John Marti - Don' t You Worry Child ( MP3 Download) 224 Kbps - Duration: 3: 34. To start this download lagu you need to click on [ Download] Button.
If you can dream it, you will have it with American Daydreams 19. 15 GB of storage less spam mobile access. GamesRadar+ takes you closer to the games movies TV you love.
The Naughty America studio makes the dreams of any man come true. Background and release. May 02, · Jennifer Lopez performing " Follow The Leader.
THE PARTS OF SPEECH The eight parts of speech — verbs, nouns, pronouns, adverbs, adjectives, prepositions, conjunctions, and interjections — are defined on the pages hyper linked below. (Some authorities would not list interjections, but would list determiners or articles, instead.) In addition, you can use the Powerpoint presentation on the Parts of Speech.
Visit the page on Powerpoint for further information. The terms below — and over 300 others — are also listed in the Guide's INDEX.
Here's a little rhyme — by David B. Tower & Benjamin F. Tweed —that teachers used in days gone by to help students learn the parts of speech. (We include it here in response to popular demand. Why the song leaves out pronouns is a mystery. A writer from Richland, Washington, suggests "A PRONOUN replaces any noun: / he, she, it, and you are found. ) It has been set to music, but we'll leave that up to you to discover or create for yourself:
In a question for which more than one response is correct, you must select the option that indicates which responses are correct. With some incorrect responses, you will be asked to click on an icon for an explanation, in sound.
The following exercise will work best when the browser's option to underline links is turned off. In the following sentences, certain words or sentence parts are italicized or written in ALL CAPS. When you move your mouse-cursor over each part, that part will be identified or defined in the text-area immediately below that sentence. Try to identify the sentence part before asking the computer to identify it for you.
In a question for which more than one response is correct, you must select the option that indicates which responses are correct. With some incorrect responses, you will be asked to click on an icon for an explanation, in sound. These should work if your browser and computer are configured to download and play .au files, although you will want a fast connection to the internet. If you are in a laboratory environment, please wear headphones so you won't annoy your neighbor.
This quiz is designed to test your ability to recognize simple subjects and compound subjects. Write the simple subject for each sentence in the second text area (below the sentence). Remember that a simple subject is not always one word. If there is a compound subject, include the conjunction that connects the parts of the subject. If a subject begins the sentence, begin the first word with a capital letter. The "tab" key will take you from box to box or you can use the mouse-cursor; clicking on the "tab" key will also ask the computer to score each response as you go along. There are ten sentences. When you have finished the quiz, Subjector will give you an opportunity to redo those sentences that seemed to give you trouble.
Making the kitchen area your initial house renovation task is a great suggestion. Remodeling your kitchen area is just one of the most effective residence financial investments you may make and also is commonly the top priority when it comes to residence enhancement tasks. The kitchen area is the most critical part of your residence, so making this area reasonable and attractive to function in in addition to useful can be critical. Having a smooth operating, well planned kitchen area is essential in getting the entire the home of operate properly. Also if you just own a little cooking area, take treatment not to allow this hamper your kitchen remodel task. When size is limited the organization of the kitchen should certainly be essential.
When it comes down to how to place into activity your kitchen area modernizing suggestions is to have your budget in clear sight at all times as well as stick to it, the major directive. Remodeling your kitchen area on a tight budget plan will certainly be tricky however you require to instruct yourself to reject any type of ideas that will certainly breast your spending plan and also search around for economical substitutes.
You might require to comprehend how to function out in just what order to bring regarding the modifications when you are upgrading your cooking area. Equally, maybe unpleasant to execute kitchen area updating all at the same time, you have to prioritize the modifications that are most essential to you. Established aside loan for new kitchen closets rather of spending on a new copper sink if the major thing you really want is additional closet storage room. Uncovering ways to upgrade the kitchen area without wanton investing requires that you prioritize the aspects in your kitchen that will have to be refurbished.
Another main component of kitchen improvement will certainly be picking the correct illumination, from general light installations for kitchen areas to light installations for kitchen islands.
When your kitchen has a high ceiling after that a solitary ceiling illumination component might possibly not suffice to brighten the entire area. Think of unique kinds of lights setup for different parts of the cooking area such as; under shelf lights, pendants, light fixtures, semi-flush illumination, or recessed lighting if you could pay for to have actually that done.
Granite is swiftly turning into one of the most favored components for kitchen area counters. Whatever your private design, there need to be a granite color absolutely suitable for you and also your interior. With a whole lot of diverse captivating colors to pick from you will certainly probably have great deals of options in picking the fantastic granite countertops for your updated kitchen.
An added popular favored made use of for kitchen area remodeling are concrete counters. Today you will be able to discover in online stores why concrete counters are very sought after. They can be made in virtually any kind of style, including rounded which is something that might not be done easily with natural granite. See how you could make the convenience work for your updated cooking area plus what color options are currently available. There will be different kinds of coloring additives, stains, as well as concrete variants, so concrete counters will certainly for life be one-of-a-kind. Concrete is pleasant to the environment in every component of its life expectancy, making it a leading selection for eco-friendly kitchen areas.
When cooking area improvement, your kitchen area sink is usually changed. There are now a lot of kitchen area sink designs to decide from if you would like a up to nation, retro, or day style kitchen area. There are a substantial variety of kitchen area sink designs which as well are offered in a range of materials which are in turn supplied in a big variety of sizes, shades, as well as shapes. You then will require to choose on a tap when you have determined on the kitchen area sink you would like.
Kitchen faucets were formerly a specific important. However today you will certainly have the ability to have taps to complement any kind of sort of kitchen area in an array of setups and also finishes. There are brand-new layouts and new innovation that can aid your upgraded cooking area to a far more customer friendly space.
Utilize the web to assist you find which style of tap would match your upgraded kitchen area the very best. In enhancement to your major kitchen tap, you could also prefer to integrate an entertainment sink tap for an additional water resource on a kitchen area island, a pot filler kitchen faucet or a water filtering faucet to earn certain that you will certainly be supplied with pure as well as the safest water.
One attractive highlight you can contribute to your up-to-date kitchen area is a copper sink. You will have the ability to pick from an extensive selection of copper kitchen sinks in objective made forms and styles, copper country design kitchen area sinks, hammered copper sinks, double dish copper kitchen sinks, and also others. You could be specific that if you get a copper kitchen area sink it will certainly bring a chatting factor right into your kitchen and everybody will certainly enjoy it.
Cooking area tiles for backsplash as well as wall surfaces were a long time ago common old boring white ceramic. Today you will certainly be able to get tiles for your refurbished kitchen area in a large assortment of surfaces, sizes, shades as well as forms. Glass in a selection of sizes from huge sheets to little mosaic items could be made use of with remarkable result within a cooking area. Glass might also be cast to appear like marble ceramic tiles and also making use of recycled glass in your redesigned kitchen area could be an eco friendly choice.
Refacing your cooking area cupboards will certainly most likely be an easier alternative to an overall cooking area upgrade. Does your kitchen area need modernizing? If so, assume concerning closet refacing as a replacement for the expenditure of purchasing and installing brand name brand-new ones.
When cooking area renovation, your kitchen area sink is nearly always replaced. If you would favor a up to nation, retro, or date design kitchen, there are currently a great deal of cooking area sink designs to make a decision from. You will certainly be able to pick from an expansive variety of copper kitchen area sinks in objective made designs as well as shapes, copper country style kitchen sinks, hammered copper sinks, double bowl copper kitchen area sinks, as well as others. You might be certain that if you obtain a copper kitchen area sink it will certainly bring a chatting point into your cooking area and everyone will love it.
Refacing your 5feetofstyle.com cooking area cupboards will certainly most likely be plumbing emergency a much easier option to a total cooking area bkdunn.com upgrade.
Posted on September 1, 2018 Categories theLeave a comment on Remodeling Your Kitchen, Some Suggestions That Might Be Beneficial
Duffle bags are definitely the perfect option for frequent travelers. It could be by far the most convenient and the most affordable approach to pack for travel as you wouldn’t have to worry about check-in fees with a suitcase. But must you select the right one, or are they the same?
The reality is, there’s a duffle bag for all and there are tons to choose from. With assorted sizes, shapes, color, and design; you can find mistaken for which to truly buy. To help you out with this particular, here’s a list of the various wholesale backpacks you can choose from.
These kinds are specially created for the athletic types and sports lovers, players and enthusiasts alike. Some are created using a solid or hard bottom, perfect for shoes and balls to put in. It’s generally produced from polyester or vinyl and they are made waterproof and really sturdy. Should you be looking for the perfect sports bag, get a sports bag.
Should you travel frequently and therefore are tired of carrying your luggage around, this can be the bag to suit your needs. Duffle bags with rollers are produced to get a strain-free travel in which you won’t exert the maximum amount of effort in carrying your heavy luggage around. These are generally made out of durable materials like strong polyester and have built in wheels and a retractable handle.
Like any other bag, it fits the description except it’s created from leather. You will find different leather duffle bags which can be being created by different brands. An extremely dependable one will be the saddleback leather bags. These are produced from top grain leather which are guaranteed to last a lifetime. You won’t only be traveling with a safe and secure leather duffle bag, you would look classy with this type of bag.
The lesser counterpart of a normal duffle bag, they are centered on making use for kids. With lots of colorful designs to match different personalities, this is the perfect travel bag for the kids. Try to look at different designs online to try to locate one for the kid.
These are generally not the sole info that you need to read on about bags. There are various types of it all out there and you need to gather more details if you wish to reach the best buying choice. Search online and browse on more articles on various kinds of duffle bags and reviews on differing types like saddleback leather reviews for additional info on saddleback leather duffle bags. Know more to get an informed buyer and go home with all the best bag to suit your needs.
Carry-on duffles manufactured from canvas or leather or polyester are the hand luggage or cabin baggage. Passengers are allowed to bear while keeping it with themselves within the passenger compartment in the plane or train rather than sending it to the cargo compartment. So you have the advantage of keeping important things in your reach while you wait to arrive at your destination.
Expandable duffle bags are those that may look deceptively small but can be expanded to a lot of extent to supply considerable space for storage. To help you bring them anywhere and everywhere together with you, and syefko short as well as long trips/tours. They’re small enough not to draw the attention of people and large enough to let you squeeze in essential stuff.
Rolling duffles, on the contrary, are definitely the ultimate choice for those on the move because the bag literally lends the mobility that you need while you’re on-the-go. They come with a set of wheels and act as strolleys so you don’t need to lift it and resultantly tax the shoulders.
Upright duffles are a fantastic choice for people who wish to carry luggage or sports equipment to travel outdoors. They are also often utilized by military personnel for your adaptability that is certainly symbolic of them. They remain upright and can easily be carried as a backpack, and also be utilized for trekking or perhaps in the battlefield..
Whether it is a leather duffle, canvas duffle or essentially men’s duffle bag that you’re looking for, there exists a wide array to pick from and you can conveniently buy the duffle bags online at the touch of the mouse.
Wholesale cowboy hats reflect steadiness. They are available directly from the manufacturer. Wholesale cowboy hats are affordable and they are offered in a wide array of choices.
Wholesale cowboy hats are preferred in group occasions like wedding, school celebrations, theme parties, etc. Theme cowboy hats are generally cheap and non durable, they are made of materials such as plastic, paper etc.
Wholesale cowboy hats offer chance of custom design. Most of the companies provide facility to include the customer preferences inside the design, pattern, color and material in the product. The companies suggest possible options within their catalogue and the customer can select from it. The suggestions in the sweat band and side chain will also be considered within the design.
Wholesale cowboy hats provide the benefit of better pricing. These are less expensive than the retail prices. They also include some offers including free delivery, few extra caps for free, free accessories etc. some companies include hat care products inside the wholesale delivery. Wholesale orders also avoid the tension of damage in shipping because it is the obligation of the company.
The bulk hats require a minimum order number. Cowboy hats are usually offered in packages of the dozen. Half a dozen packages are also offered. Usually orders beneath the minimum number are rejected quoxlw the wholesalers. Some redirect these orders for their retail shops. The customer has to visit the retail shop in such cases. Wholesale deals will take more hours because the shipping will be from distant places.
Wholesale cowboy hats are available directly from the Internet sites from the manufacturers. Online stores offer wholesale deals of multiple brands. Western Stores, Oriental Trading Company, CenturyNovelty.com etc are the stores offering wholesale deals. The toll-free numbers may also be used for direct ordering. The classifieds, directories and Internet could be referred to discover wholesale dealers in cowboy hats.
The most ignored component of your house can come to be one of the most gorgeous part of your house.
Homeowners ignore the bathroom room and also do not offer much idea to exactly how much a lot more they can obtain out of it. If you do not believe of the restroom, you will certainly end up with a basic area that pleases your basic requirements only. If you desire to boost the importance of the shower room in your residence, you have to pay focus to it and also convert it right into an individual medical spa.
One problem that property owners frequently encounter while restoring a shower room is its size. If you really feel that the restroom is too small to offer you an excellent spa-like experience, do not anguish. By making a couple of changes, you will be able to include more worth to the shower room.
One trick that functions wonders for any little space is the usage of mirrors. Utilizing big mirrors in the bathroom will help you to produce the sensation of a bigger area.
With the aid of lights, you will able to give the restroom a brighter look. Additionally, lights is the vital factor for developing a spa-like ambience in your house. Opt for lighting components that you could readjust or lower to wanted levels. It will certainly develop a relaxing ambience. Make optimal usage of it if the restroom has access to natural light. And also, if you do not have access to all-natural light, usage man-made lights to make the space show up bright. Due to the fact that they will certainly include extra light and character to the bathroom, do not shy away from looking for subtle crystal lights components.
A solitary adjustment in the color design can not only make the room roomy however likewise produce a relaxing atmosphere. Light or neutral shades such as beige, light green or gray can be reliable for an effective washroom remodelling task. You can make use of the very same shade of ceramic tiles to produce an impact of boosted space.
In enhancement, you can choose floor tiles that add an all-natural touch to the space. You could decide for fake timber floor tiles that are not made from all-natural timber yet still provide the exact same feeling of warmth as well as peace.
Accessories have a method of boosting the design of the area. Discovering the best devices for the restroom could aid you to change it right into an individual health club. You can utilize basic devices such as candles to load the restroom with a relaxing fragrance. You can also include towel owners and various other devices that will provide an organized and clean aim to the location. Even the towels that you choose for the area needs to stimulate the sensation of remaining in a medspa. Pick fittings that make the room show up comfortable and huge. You could select a put on hold or drifting vanity that will permit the flooring ceramic tiles to extend completely to the wall. It will certainly create an illusion of room. An open vanity could additionally include even more space to the bathroom.
The concept of transforming a small washing room into a relaxing retreat is a wonderful means of making optimum use of the shower room. Make certain that you make use of high quality items as well as installations that ensure minimum upkeep.
If you do not believe of the shower room, you will end up with a simple area that satisfies your fundamental needs just. By making a few changes, you will certainly be able to add even more worth to the washroom.
Utilizing ncatregister.com huge mirrors in the bathroom will aid you to develop the sensation of a larger space. If the shower room has access to all-natural light, make maximum usage of it. The idea of transforming a tiny enviromentally friendly water system cleaning space right into a relaxing resort is an excellent means of making optimal usage of the scottsdaleairpark.com restroom.
Kitchen Style Bits to Increase Your Storage Space as well as Efficiency, But Decrease Your Kitchen Area Dimension
As an Engineer, I aim to utilize the most effective ways of style to earn a house more efficient as well as well utilized for the square video. In this write-up, I’m dealing with kitchen area design, as well as the best ways to make it much more effective in usage and also storage space, make it feel much more open compared to a standard kitchen, but do it in a smaller dimension (square video prices money).
Maintaining the Great Room, Dining Space and also Cooking area “open” (implying no wall surfaces in between them) aid make all the spaces “feel bigger”. You don’t feel separated in the kitchen area when wall surface barriers are gotten rid of, and therefore individuals do not have to tip into the kitchen area to talk to you.
Keep your ceilings tall by putting in scissors trusses. You could make your wall surfaces 8 foot tall, however by adding the scissors truss (optimal at 13 to 14 feet) will offer you great deals of visual area and also a much less constrained feeling. As well as obtain a skylight in the kitchen area. The opening for a skylight could be much bigger compared to the skylight itself. Obtain the opening from the height of the ceiling to the side of the wall, and also locate the skylight near a perpendicular wall so it will distribute the light throughout the kitchen area. Place some “specific niches” in your tall wall surfaces over the 8′ line for plant, or statues. Place “puck” lights in these niches for accent lights.
Place a line of high cabinets along a back wall, and near the opening up to the cooking area zone. By having a 2′ wide, 2′ deep, 7′ tall cabinet near the Kitchen opening (generally next to the Eating Area) it could keep all the glasses, meals, platters, and also bowls that you make use of on a day-to-day basis. Individuals don’t have to enter the kitchen area to obtain the dinnerware to set the table as you would certainly with overhanging cabinets.
By using just 3 high cabinets (2′ deep 7′ tall) at the back of the kitchen area, and also the open floor plan, this permits all the rest of the kitchen to have 36″ tall base cabinets and also counter tops, without above cupboards. The home windows and natural light come from the home windows of the other rooms and also skylights, indicating you do not have to squander beneficial cooking area wall surface space for home windows.
In the corners of the kitchen area, install cabinets at 45 levels to the adjacent cabinets instead of a “blind” cabinet or “lazy susan”. While a 45 degree closet has some dead room, it makes use of even more room compared to a “lazy susan”, mainly since the cabinet racks and drawers are square, and also a “careless susan” is round.
The cupboard walls can be 2×4 framed with drywall or 3/4″ MDF, however the wall surface should not be taller than the height of the tall closets. Place a “cupboard door” (exact same as the remainder of your tall cupboards) on the pantry entrance, not a framework door like you would certainly use in the bed room. By having a closet door the pantry, and the cupboard walls at the very same elevation as the cabinets, the cupboard looks like a cabinet rather than a drywall opening.
In the cupboard, mount a counter with 4 electrical outlets. This is where the coffee machine, toaster oven, electric can openers, etc are to be permanently situated. It maintains them off your cooking area counter tops, however they are constantly readily available to make use of. No requirement to save them in your cupboards as well as no requirement for appliance garage closets. This leaves your main kitchen countertops “clean” (absolutely nothing on them) and also more open for the food preparation you need to do.
Place a top counter 8″ over your counter tops (i.e. 6″ wall surface, 2″ thick top counter). In an “open layout” concept, this 8″ of elevation conceals a “untidy” kitchen area counter from sight to the various other rooms. It likewise provides you a lot of area for multiple electrical outlets in the in the 6″ wall areas. The 6″ high wall is the ideal elevation for 6″ ceramic wall surface floor tile. The upper counter is 44″ (arm joint elevation) a perfect elevation for “leaning”. This enables your guests to “lean” on the counter (out of the kitchen) and also talk with you while you’re preparing food (in the cooking area). It’s additionally a great elevation for offering food or for high feces as a breakfast bar. Not all the upper counters need to be the some size. Some areas could be 9″ wide (just a top to the cooking area partition, while other areas of the upper counter could be 24″ wide, for offering food or as a breakfast bar.
You do not really feel isolated in the kitchen when wall barriers are removed, and also therefore people don’t have to step into the kitchen area to talk to you. Put a line of high cupboards along a back wall, and also near the opening to the kitchen area zone. By having a 2′ large, 2′ deep, 7′ tall cupboard near the Kitchen area opening (generally following to the Eating Area) it can keep all the glasses, recipes, platters, and also bowls that you use on an everyday basis. Individuals do not have to get in the cooking area to get the dinnerware to set the table as you would with above closets.
By making use of simply 3 residential upgrade high cabinets (2′ deep 7′ tall) at the back of the kitchen area, as well as the open floor plan, this enables all the remainder of the interstateair.com kitchen to have 36″ tall base cabinets as well as kitchen counters, without above drain cleaning cupboards.
Posted on September 1, 2018 Categories theLeave a comment on Kitchen Style Bits to Increase Your Storage Space as well as Efficiency, But Decrease Your Kitchen Area Dimension
Making the kitchen area your initial home renovation project is a terrific suggestion. Renovating your kitchen area is among the very best residence investments you may make and is frequently the leading concern when it comes to house improvement tasks. The cooking area is the most critical part of your home, so making this space appealing and reasonable to function in in addition to practical can be imperative. Having a smooth running, well prepared kitchen area is crucial in getting the entire house to function efficiently. Even if you simply have a little kitchen area, make sure not to let this hamper your kitchen area remodel task. When dimension is restricted the company of the cooking area ought to be most crucial.
The main directive when it comes down to exactly how to put right into action your kitchen updating suggestions is to have your spending plan in clear view at all times and adhere to it. Remodeling your cooking area on a tight budget will be challenging yet you have to advise yourself to refuse any concepts that will bust your budget and also search around for economical substitutes.
You could require to comprehend just how to work out in exactly what order to bring about the modifications when you are upgrading your kitchen. Equally, as it might be awkward to lug out kitchen updating all at the very same time, you have to focus on the changes that are most essential to you. If the main point you actually want is extra cupboard storage room, after that alloted loan for brand-new kitchen closets rather than costs on a new copper sink. Finding how you can upgrade the kitchen area without wanton investing demands that you prioritize the components in your cooking area that will certainly need to be reconditioned.
An additional main component of kitchen area makeover will be choosing the proper lighting, from general light installations for kitchens to light installations for kitchen area islands.
When your cooking area has a high ceiling then a solitary ceiling illumination component might possibly not suffice to light up the whole area. Think of special sorts of illumination plan for various parts of the kitchen such as; under shelf lighting, pendants, chandeliers, semi-flush illumination, or recessed lighting if you could afford to have that done.
Granite is quickly ending up being one of the most popular components for cooking area counters. Whatever your individual style, there should be a granite color absolutely suitable for you and your interior. With a great deal of diverse appealing colors to select from you will certainly more than likely have lots of selections in choosing on the terrific granite counter tops for your upgraded kitchen.
An added well-liked preferred made use of for cooking area renovation are concrete counters. Today you will be able to discover in online stores why concrete counters are extremely demanded. They can be made in practically any style, including rounded which is something that could not be done easily with natural granite. See just how you can make the convenience help your upgraded cooking area plus what shade choices are now available. There will be different type of tinting additives, discolorations, and also concrete variants, so concrete counters will forever be unique. Concrete is pleasant to the atmosphere in every component of its lifetime, making it a primary choice for eco friendly cooking areas.
When cooking area renovation, your kitchen area sink is usually replaced. If you would like an approximately country, date, or retro design kitchen area, there are currently a great deal of cooking area sink makes to decide from. There are a significant range of kitchen sink designs which also exist in a selection of materials which are in turn provided in a huge range of forms, colors, as well as sizes. You then will certainly require to choose on a tap when you have actually made a decision on the kitchen sink you would like.
Kitchen taps were previously a specific necessary. Today you will certainly be able to have taps to match any kind of kitchen in an assortment of configurations and coatings. There are new styles as well as new innovation that can help your upgraded cooking area to a a lot more easy to use room.
Utilize the web to assist you uncover which design of faucet would match your updated kitchen area the most effective. Along with your principal kitchen faucet, you might likewise want to include an amusement sink faucet for an additional water resource on a cooking area island, a pot filler kitchen area faucet or a water purification faucet making sure that you will certainly be supplied with pure and the best water.
One appealing highlight you can add to your modernized kitchen is a copper sink. You will be able to select from a large range of copper kitchen sinks in objective made styles and shapes, copper country design cooking area sinks, hammered copper sinks, dual dish copper cooking area sinks, and also others. You may be certain that if you get a copper kitchen sink it will certainly bring a speaking factor right into your kitchen area and also everyone will certainly love it.
Kitchen area tiles for backsplash and also wall surfaces were a long time ago usual old boring white ceramic. Today you will be able to get tiles for your refurbished cooking area in a massive assortment of finishes, shades, dimensions as well as shapes. Glass in a selection of sizes from large sheets to little mosaic pieces could be utilized with superb impact within a kitchen. Glass might even be cast to appear like marble floor tiles as well as making use of recycled glass in your renovated kitchen can be an eco pleasant choice.
Refacing your kitchen cabinets will certainly more than likely be an easier alternative to a total cooking area upgrade. Does your kitchen need improving? If so, think of cabinet refacing as a substitute for the expense of acquiring and setting up brand-new ones. If your hardware is dilapidated after cleaning up, you may intend to change it. Today is a great chance to give your cabinets an overall innovation. There will be several gorgeous manages plus pivots used at your local residence renovation shops or in on the internet stores.
When kitchen improvement, your kitchen area sink is virtually constantly replaced. If you would choose a up to date, country, or retro design kitchen, there are currently a whole lot of cooking area sink makes to choose from. You will certainly be able to pick from an extensive selection of copper kitchen area sinks in purpose made shapes as well as styles, copper nation design cooking area sinks, hammered copper sinks, dual bowl copper cooking area sinks, and also others. You may be specific that if you obtain a copper kitchen area sink it will bring a chatting factor into your cooking area and also everybody will enjoy it.
Refacing your redesign your kitchen cooking area cabinets will most likely be plumbing disaster a much easier alternative to an overall kitchen residential restoration upgrade.
Posted on September 1, 2018 Categories tehLeave a comment on Remodeling Your Cooking Area, Some Concepts That May Be Beneficial
©2003-2018 gaby's terrace. All rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without my written permission.
In the case of a locomotive rounding a curve, the change in direction of the axles of the drive wheels develops a torque tending to lift the drivers from the inside rail. When a side-wheel steamer turns there is a similar torque. When a rapidly moving motorcycle makes a sharp turn, the axle of the flywheel develops such a large gyroscopic couple that the rider is compelled to lean much more toward the inside of the curve than he would if the machine had no flywheel.
It should be kept in mind that (55) and all equations derived from it apply only to bodies that are symmetrical with respect to the spin-axis, that is, to bodies for which the moments of inertia about all axes through, and perpendicular to, the spin-axis are equal. It applies to rifled projectiles, electric generator and motor armatures, pulleys, flywheels and turbine runners.
This equation requires modification to make it applicable to an unsymmetrical body, that is, one for which the moments of inertia about all axes through, and perpendicular to, the spinaxis are not equal. For such a body another term must be added to (55) of the form (K, - K2)wswp where K, and K2 represent the moments of inertia with respect to two perpendicular axes that intersect the spin-axis at right angles. In the case of an airplane propeller of two blades, for example, the torque L is not uniform throughout a revolution. A scheme to prevent vibration of the machine being developed by this variable torque consists in connecting the hub of the propeller to a fork on the end of the engine shaft in such a manner that the hub is free to rock about a pin perpendicular to the shaft and inclined to the long axis of the propeller at an angle of about 45 degrees.*
The unique precessional velocity given by (57) is for the case in which the precessional axis is perpendicular to the spin-axis. It can be shown that in the case of a top spinning about an axis inclined to the vertical, there are two possible values of the preces
Problem. A certain motorcycle weighing 300 lb. has two wheels each of 15 lb., radius of gyration 12 in., and outside diameter 28 in. It has two diskshaped flywheels each of 20 lb. and diameter 10 in. rotating with the same angular velocity as the wheels. The engine makes 3000 r.p.m. when the
machine is traveling 60 mi. per hr. The rider weighs 170 lb. The center of mass of the machine is 16 in. above the ground and that of the rider is 36 in. above the ground.
Find the angle through which the machine is tilted from the vertical when the machine has a speed of 60 mi. per hr. around a curve of 300-ft. radius due (a) to centripetal effect alone; (b) to gyroscopic effect alone.
gyroscopic force acting horizontally at the center of mass of the system tan 0 = weight of the system
where the unprimed quantities refer to the motorcycle wheels and the primed quantities refer to the flywheels. From (21)
M ost of the edible fungi are saprophyte in nature. They utilize lignocellulosic complex as an energy source and for making their carbon ...
M alnutrition in terms of deficiency of protein and micronutrients is not only a problem for the small towns. Many children in metro-citie...
Lavanaya with Matchbox album This matchbox photo album is one of the biggest collection with more than 1900 Indian matchbox labels. T...
King oyster mushroom belongs to order Agaricales of Class Basidiomycetes. It is native to Mediterranean regions of Europe, the Middle East...
M ushroom is unique horticultural crop. In contrast to cultivation of higher plants, which started in pre-historical times, the culture...
T he lignocellulosic biomass constitutes a major portion of the total carbon fixed by photosynthesis. It consist of cellulose, hemicell...
“You, O Lord, kindly received me, but I fear your brothers and I cannot aGREe. So I will seek some other asylum.”
“General, if you go, the blame is mine. My rude brother has offended and must eventually apologize. In the meantime what think you of a temporary sojourn at the town where I was encamped for some time, Xiaopei？ The place is small and mean, but it is near, and I will see to it that you are supplied with all you need.”
Lu Bu thanked him and accepted this offer. He led his troops there and took up residence. After he had gone, Liu Bei buried his annoyance, and Zhang Fei did not again refer to the matter.
That Cao Cao had subdued the east of the Huashang Mountains has been stated before. He memorialized the Throne and was rewarded with the title of General Who Exhibits Firm Virtue and Lord of Feiting. At this time the rebellious Li Jue was commanding the court, and he had made himself Regent Marshal, and his colleague Guo Si styled himself Grand Commander. Their conduct was abominable but no one dared to criticize them.
Imperial Guardian Yang Biao and Minister Zhu Jun privately talked with Emperor Xian and said, “Cao Cao has two hundred thousand troops and many capable advisers and leaders. It would be well for the empire if he would lend his support to the imperial family and help to rid the government of this evil party.”
His Majesty wept, “I am weary of the insults and contempt of these wretches and should be very glad to have them removed.”
“I have thought of a plan to estrange Li Jue and Guo Si and so make them destroy each other. Then Cao Cao could come and cleanse the court,” said Yang Biao.
“Guo Si’s wife, Lady Qiong, is very jealous, and we can take advantage of her weakness to bring about a quarrel.”
So Yang Biao received instruction to act, with a secret edict to support him. Yang Biao’s wife, Lady Kai, made an excuse to visit Lady Qiong at her palace and, in the course of conversation, said “There is talk of secret liaison between the General, your husband, and the wife of Minister Li Jue. It is a GREat secret, but if Minister Li Jue knew it, he might try to harm your husband. I think you ought to have very little to do with that family.”
Lady Qiong was surprised but said, “I have wondered why he has been sleeping away from home lately, but I did not think there was anything shameful connected with it. I should never have known if you had not spoken. I must put a stop to it.”
Our main wholesale products are all kinds of model car fuel injectors, ignition coils, all kinds of sensors, fuel pumps,air flow meters ,bearings
So why Niche Blogging Is The Best option This will become your niche blog page and you will want strategies to bring visitors and maintain them as well as attract online marketers and keep these people
/ Без рубрики / So why Niche Blogging Is The Best option This will become your niche blog page and you will want strategies to bring visitors and maintain them as well as attract online marketers and keep these people
Because you have a very permuder.com particular topic, you might fear lessen visitor quantities than in case you covered a far larger subject. On the one hand the potential reader base will be smaller, employing reality it’s much easier to build a significant active reader base at the time you focus on a niche than at the time you focus on also broad of the topic. Due to the fact broad topics with big potential visitor bases have also tons of advanced competition that makes it hard to stand out from. Should you write educational and interesting posts, plus your niche is precise enough, than you should easily increase a faithful readership. Fortunately they are likely to be dedicated readers that will visit every time you post with your topic, as few other people will be covering it. They will tend to understand others interested in this unique subject matter and they will tell them about your blog. Once you’ve gotten yourself set up and you have maximized your SEO, the search engines will start to view your blog as valuable and begin to rank you highly to your niche considerably quicker than when you chose a broad topic.
In general, it’s a lot much easier to become a professional in a specific niche market field than it is to turn into an expert within a large standard field. This is due to one primary fact- presently there just isn’t all the information to pay about a little niche since there is to repay about a huge general subject matter. In fact , some gurus just who write and speak about “expertise building” claim that it only takes about 10-15 hours of research to become a bona-fide expert in a properly selected niche. Understand that “expert” means one thing and one thing only- you know much more than your market about the niche.
Most of your visitors will probably be highly targeted visitors who are there because they are very interested in additionally, firm abs specific theme you happen to be blogging about. This kind of very easily identifiable reader base is incredibly attractive to various advertisers. For instance Google Adsense loves specialized niche blogs, and all of their marketers prefer to set ads about blogs where they reach people who are highly likely to simply click their ad or purchase their product. It’s less difficult for promoters to sell to small niche market audiences than to large general followers, and it will always be easier for you to market to all of them too if you choose make your individual niche product.
Whether you may have a personal site or a organization website, is actually just plain better to rank remarkably in the search engines if you are covering a tiny niche and never a general subject matter. There will be a good deal fewer persons attempting to remain competitive in the search engines with you for your area of interest than in the event you went big and general. There are hundreds, if not thousands, of folks actively planning to beat one another in the search engines with regards to the large general topics, nonetheless you’re simply likely to have to beat some small opponents in your area of interest. Plus, people are likely to be small time hobbyists who also don’t know anything about SEO, making them easy to out-SEO.
If you are blog about your organization or a marketable skill you have, your niche blog is a superb place to network with others in your field or prospective buyers. You don’t wish to use your daily post to solicit job, but people love to comment, and reviews have converted into job offers, business deals or joint ventures sometimes before. When you stir up enough curiosity, you want to make a website and take going through your brilliant blog into a traditional form where you could do even more marketing. There are plenty of sites online where you can generate a business web-site for free and already you know so why it’s important to choose a niche organization to enter in to if you want to increase your chances of success.
Goin' In" is a song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez. Find your favorite songs in our multimillion database of quality mp3s 616953.
Download Follow the leader Jlo Ft. Jennifer Lopez - Follow The Leader ( By JGalvezFlow) Duracion: 3: 21. Remember that by downloading this song you accept our terms and conditions. The song features American rappers Flo Rida Lil Jon although the latter is.
Listen and Download Wisin Yandel Ft Jlo Follow The Leader mp3 - Up to date free Wisin Yandel Ft Jlo Follow The Leader songs by Mp3bear1. Free download Wisin Yandel Follow The Leader Mp3. Download Video: Wisin & Yandel - Follow The Leader ft. Wisin & Yandel had previously collaborated with Jennifer Lopez on " Follow the Leader" ( ) the lead single from their ninth studio album Líderes ( ) with Ricky Martin on " Frío.
Follow the leader mp3 free download jlo. The latest PC gaming hardware news trustworthy , plus expert unbiased buying guides. # 955085 mp3 or listen online music. \ r\ nThe sexy Kagney Linn Karter has not received the attention she needs from her husband.
Jennifer Lopez - Follow The Leader. The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood reviews , TV, entertainment, including movies industry blogs.
H.E. Giorgi Kvirikashvili, Prime Minister of Georgia participated in the official launch of Eurasia Tunnel, held in Istanbul on December 20, 2016.
Head of the Government of Georgia participated in the III Meeting of EU-Georgia Association Council, which was held in Brussels on December 2, 2016.
On September 21, the Prime Minister of Georgia delivered a speech at the 71st Session of the UN General Assembly. Giorgi Kvirikashvili used the UN platform to address Georgian reforms, the Government's four-point reform plan, and construction of the technology universities in the country.
On September 5, the Prime Minister of Georgia Giorgi Kvirikashvili paid an official visit to the Republic of Armenia. Giorgi Kvirikashvili was met by the Prime Minister of the Republic of Armenia Hovik Abrahamyan at Zvartnots International Airport.
On July 19 Prime Minister of Georgia Giorgi Kvirikashvili paid an official visit to the Republic of Turkey
Prime Minister of Georgia Giorgi Kvirikashvili conducted a meeting with the President of the Republic of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
On June 27-28 Prime Minister of Georgia Giorgi Kvirikashvili paid an official visit to the Swiss Confederation
Exactly 2 years after signing the DCFTA with the EU, Georgia has concluded the Free Trade Agreement (the FTA) with European Free Trade Association (EFTA) that encompasses Switzerland, Lichtenstein, Norway and Iceland.
On June 15-16, Prime Minister conducted an official visit to the Federal republic of Germany. Within the frames of his meeting Giorgi Kvirikashvili held a meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
On May 31 Prime Minister of Georgia Giorgi Kvirikashvili was in Bordeaux.Within the frames of his visit, Giorgi kvirikashvili conducted a meeting with the President of France. Francois Hollande supports Georgia in the Visa Liberalization process.
Prime Minister of Georgia took part in Anti-Corruption Summit: London 2016. The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron held said event. Leaders of more than 40 countries, Presidents of the IMF and World Bank attended the Summit.
On April 25-29, Prime Minister of Georgia Giorgi Kvirikashvili conducted an official visit to the US.
Play farm slots NOW and enjoy the biggest welcome bonus. Experience the thrill of real Las Vegas Slots with thousands of free coins every day, Jackpots and huge wins. The world's most popular REAL Vegas slot machines staring with Farm of Fun, Rhino Run, Buffalo, Jungle King and many more exciting slots machines. We delivers dazzling, fun slot machine games, designed especially for true slots lovers. Discover bonus games in Farm of Fun and more! Funny game characters & endless bonuses are at your fingertips.
Play Vegas casino flat-top slots with nothing flashy but the pure Fun slots game feature. Here we have the original HOT slots that bring the spirit of Las Vegas to life! Enjoy spinning and winning in an authentic Vegas casino environment with our Fun and free-to-play slots.
Farm Slots is the most relaxing place you will ever have! Join the most popular FREE casino slots game. Farm slots give away so many FREE COINS. It makes online casino games FUN and EASY! Free Slots for FUN! Online Slots Games from Vegas Casino! Rank yourself among tons of brilliant slot games worldwide, compete with other players on the trophy leader board and share your winning joy with all your friends on Facebook. Spin now to start your luck road!
The Jackpot Party never ends! Play Las Vegas slots from your phone to spin, win and claim your daily bonus. Watch as the jackpot bonus increases as you play free video slots machines games. The more you spin, the more you win! No other slots app provides such high payouts.
- Collect millions of free coins every day from the Daily bonus wheel and Hourly Bonuses for the most exciting experience.
App is always adding new slot machines and games so that you can experience several mini games and apps within one free app. With Slots Free, you don’t have to head to Vegas to enjoy the excitement and glamour of casino games. You can play anytime, anywhere from your mobile casino app. You’ll never miss out on a spin on the slot machines.
This site is for adults 18+ due to gambling/betting content. If you have a problem with gambling issues, or need information, please visit:
BET365: Simply the best bookie for livebetting! PINNACLE: BA's all time favourite bookmaker. Great odds!
In recent months we've noticed some forum rules are being ignored so we decided to stress the importance of forum rules.
1) As rule number 9 of general forum rules already says: DO NOT promote your website elsewhere than the Tips Websites subforum. No matter if your site is PAID OR FREE, there is only one place on BA forum to advertise, and that's Tips Websites subforum.
BA admins and mods will warn you two times, kindly, not to do that. After strike 3, you are out. Do not abuse BA's good will.
2) Do not spam the forum. This forum is huge, and we are proud to have many members and even more readers. Do not leave unnecessary comments which have use to no one, i.e. picks without explanations "I think Werder is the better team so they should win, HW is my pick". Such comments will be deleted and you will be kindly asked not to do that any more. You don't have to write a book, but a few sentences of well thought, informative text shouldn't be a problem.
Instead, try to contribute yourself in the area of your expertise or knowledge. You can ask a more intelligent question than that however, but BEGGING for picks is prohibited, not to mention pathetic.
4) Do not brag after won bets, or "grade" your bets after the games IF THE THREAD IS STILL ACTIVE/meaning there are games to be played.
A small sidenote: bragging after won bets is quite low as well. Leave others to praise your work, if you're good, they will say "thank you", and you will get your praise. Be more discrete rather than tooting your own horn all the time.
6) BA admins and mods are helpful, and if you do not understand something or need any kind of help, feel free to PM any of them.
Get the NeoCounter widget and many other great free widgets at Widgetbox! Not seeing a widget? (More info)
Does that mean more demos or unreleased live Versions which where hinted in Interviews around the release of Live Beyond the Spheres?
Don't get me wrong - I'll buy it, but whats the point of releasing every year a new version of the first albums especially... I'm still waiting for a Remixed version of A Twist In The Myth and a new version of At The Edge Of Time without the clipings and the beep sound in Curse My Name... Thats what we need.. Anyway, it looks interesting and hope it's true
Interesting.... i go for the vinyls. The CDs i do not know.... maybe if the second disc has some new stuff.
That's not the main issue. It' nice that they are revisiting their catalouge. The main thing is that we receive the same albums and still nothing about ATITM and ATEOT...
it was no critics at all, just wanted to be sure about the different versions. I like that we got the chance to buy some old albums on vinyl again.
Personally i don`t need a remixed ATEOT or ATITM. I am fine with the old ones. But yeah if i could hear the beep in curse my name and so on i would have a different opinion.
I know your post was not critical As for your question, I think there was a download version for Curse My Name for a very short time in mp3, but this doesn't fix the situation. Personally I would like to have an album in my collection without any mistakes. Having a fixed version out of the album is not what I'm searching for.. Neither in only mp3... As for ATITM I still find this as their only production that hurts my ears somehow... and really flat..
some days ago the release date for those 2CD re-releases was postponed to September, and now they are deleted from database at EMP.
But this indicates that the date is not fixed. This correlates with the fact that nowhere else are hints towards those re-releases...
Seems like EMP is updating the catalogue at the end of the month and they appear and in the beginning of the next month they are made hidden again...
There will be 2 coloured vinyl limited to 300 and 2 coloured vinyl limited to 500 and black no small limits
So, first of all, I'm really happy about that! The only think I don't like is that there'e still no ATITM and ATEOT here.
Some additional news: the vinyl version of Nightfall in Middle Earth will contain the 2 unfinished tracks
As we all know, one of them was Doom but it will be changed lyrical wise and the second song will be completely new.
My only question is how will they fit in the old mix. Maybe they'll add them only on the vinyl with the 2012 remixes, but if I have to be honest, I prefer the originals. Though the remixes are great.
That we'll get the two versions of each album - the remixed 2012 versions and the original ones? And that's why there are 2 discs? Or that we'll get the ATGTSAT versions but with 2018 remaster?
Ok, I think I got it - The 2 CD box will have both versions, but I still can't find if the vinyls will contain the original versions or the ones from ATGTSAT?
Hope it will contain the original ones. As an almost new fan, I really want to get the original ones also on vinyl but it seems that my only chance will be the remixed ones, which I don't know if I like more or less(except ANATO which is - yeah - really awesome).
Nice to see them rereleasing the original versions, along with the 2012 remixes outside of the boxset (hopefully with better masters).
My only question is how will they fit in the old mix. Maybe they'll add them only on the vinyl with the 2012 remixes, but if I have to be honest, I prefer the originals muuch better. Those remixes are great, but so stripped at the same time. The soul is just not there
Where did you get this from? As far as I can see there isn't even a NiME rerelease and I doubt it would contain new(old) material opossed to the other releases, as well as making them exclusive to the vinyl version.
Awesome, just checked and he says it somewhere around the 46-47 minute mark. Songs will be Doom with other lyrics and Tides of War.
Thanks for the info about the additional NIME songs. Just on vinyl or will they be on the discs as well?
Btw you get at german NB 18% off till tomorrow (voucher: 18AUFALLES), so if you want to buy them all.......
Well, I think that the 2 new songs will be also on the CD version or at least that's what I hope so. Actually, it's great that they release those remixes on vinyl. Honestly, I don't know if I like them more or less than the original ones
At some points they're more cinematic but on the other hand I fell likes there's something missing - which might be just some kind of a nostalgia to the old ones.
For example, the Bard's Song and Imaginations From The Other Side sounds a little bit stripped in the chorus I don't know...What do you guys think?
But I'll buy them that's for sure - having the new mix of NIME + 2 new songs = fucking epic adventure
i agree with you for me the original ones sound more "organic" and "realistic" while the remixes are with strength but also too smooth. i did like the new synthesizer sound of e.g. the bells on Imaginations.
maybe i am used to the old and i have personal memories on them that is why they are for me more familiar.
Ok, so, in the past couple of days I tried once again the Travellers Guide, cause I haven't listened to it since it almost came out. After listening to SFB, IFTOS, NIME and ANATO albums a couple of times, I have to say that I wasn't really right about it. This time I tried it on my new sound system and the result is actually really outstanding. Actually, everything is still there - the places where the sound comes from is just different at some points, but the level of cinematic is probably way higher. I was absolutely blown away at the end of my listening session. Some of the highlights are probably the whole ANATO album, songs like Curse Of Feanor(I doubt that I'll ever hear a better theatrical piece of music in my life with such a clean, beautiful and strong vocal lines), Theatre Of Pain, Into The Storm, Thorn, Noldor and many more.
At the same time I realised that the band has tried not to improve that much The Bard song, as to make it more different - which is also great!
At least now I know that the result is at least as good as the old ones, if not even better - it seems that I was just struggling with some kind of a nostalgia.
So has anyone checked out these new reissues? Inclusion of originals (most of which are quite pricey these days) makes this a worthwhile purchase I suppose.
I don't think they will sell out that soon. And there's multiple versions for each album, too, as is usual for Nuclear Blast, so you can get a different one if yours is gone.
By the way, there's a sweet unboxing video from Marcus and Hansi which I enjoyed very much: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72CWJXAtABA Looks cool, but I can foresee some controversy regarding the addition of new artwork to classic albums which is clearly inferior to the original, in my opinion.
Yeah, I'm interested in the black vinyl versions and as far as I can see they're not limited Can't wait for all of these.., especially about the NIME with the 2 additional songs and ANATO
I don't know... has it been confirmed that the Nightfall re-release will feature those two bonus tracks? I thought it was just speculation at this point...
Yes, Tides Of War will take it's place between Nightfall and Curse Of Feanor, as for Doom(with different vocals and lyrics), Hansi said it, so I guess it has to be true. I'm just curious when we will get some info from Nuclear Blast about the next 4
Well then, that seems to be a fairly intriguing new look at Nightfall In Middle-Earth with two extra songs.
some strange thing on IFTOS there is on side D "The Wizard" and "System's failing", well it could be working title (so a demo version) of i'm alive...
On RockHard magazine Hansi wrote that Tides Of War will take it's place between Nightfall and Curse Of Feanor but on the vinyl it's just the last track
I'm also amazed that Doom has kept it's name though it will be with different lyrics. Seems we'll have to wait since we can hear those two
Anyway, this is a totally different look at NIME. If I have to be honest, i never liked that much A Dark Passage as a final track, cause most of the times I finish listening the album after Thorn or The Eldar.
What does this means since all the remixes were done in 2012? I trully hope there's nothing from Memories Of A time To Come on those vinyls...
As far as i understood these were the Remixes/Remasters of the Boxset A Travelers's Guide through Space and Time Boxset.
But you are right Memories of a Time to come was released 2012, so big question is if the re-recorded or remixed songs are used for the re-release, on the other side it would be mentioned that they are re-recorded or remixed.
There is just the word remastered, so in my opinion you can expect the songs in the version of the box above.
OK, thanks, man! It seems that the versions are the same as the ones from ATGTSAT. Maybe they're not just mixed in 2012, but also in 2011 and that's why it writes 2011/2012.
Weird thing - in the new remastered version of Imaginations From The Other Side, The Script For My Requiem is 6.54 long. What did they do to it that it got 45 seconds extra? I remember that the demo version of the song is over 7 minutes, and I wonder if it's got anything to do with that.
WOW! You've never heard the version for ATGTSAT? It's the same version with the violin and piano outro. To me, the song is way better with this part. It opens some new dimensions
Hmmm, I guess I have some exploring to do. No, I've never heard of it... Thanks for the information!
I love Blind Guardian, don't get me wrong. But I currently have 54 Blind Guardian albums in my digital library to sift through and it's getting a little absurd.
I'm the idiot who has to buy everything with their name on it. I'm fighting myself on whether I should buy these 2-disc digipacks, since I already own them all in more way than one. (I did buy the new vinyl versions..). Does anyone have them, and have anything to say about the packaging maybe? The do sound fantastic on Vinyl.
Also, since this looks like the thread for it - To be honest, the new artwork is a little underwhelming in the LP gatefolds. "Somewhere Far Beyond" Is pretty awesome. I think Hansi even commented on that. But I really see no point in the rest. There's no focal points. It's background art. Literally and metaphorically. I hope they change up the art a bit on the upcoming NEW releases (I thought "Live Beyond the Spheres" was excellent).
Does anyone have them, and have anything to say about the packaging maybe? The do sound fantastic on Vinyl.
Not sure if you've seen this video, but it may help you get a notion of the packaging: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=72CWJXAtABA I think the digipaks look nice though I've grown to appreciate standard jewel case CDs more over the years - they're more durable. I actually planned getting one of the digipaks - Follow The Blind - on Amazon.co.uk but it just so happened that on the very day of release the price skyrocketed from 11.99 to 17.96 I think. The same happened to the new verison of Somewhere Far Beyond, but not Tales From The Twilight World or Battalions Of Fear. Very strange. So I thought it was a bit too pricey for just a standard 2 CD digipak and got the 2017 remaster instead.
I agree. I wish they changed the artist for at least a little while. Machado did a great job for At The Edge Of Time artwork but since then nothing really impressed me all that much (apart from some images for Beyond The Red Mirror). And he's repetitive in my opinion. If only they could bring Andreas Marschall back... Live Beyond The Spheres was a welcome change though, you nailed it!
Yeah, I don't know what it is either. Reminds me of that line in Sacred Worlds but they're hardly related.
Sigh, haven't been bringing my camera around lately, so no pics la. Too busy TRYING to study and all.
Omg exams are like in 3 days and i've never been so unprepared in my life. like REALLY. and it was only yesterday that pn Mahani gave us that oh so motivational talk.
I know i know, it's only 3 days, study hard for like the next 4 days then we'll be free! But getting myself to open my books and actually do something is like, super difficult man. It disgusts me to think how i've become like this =/
Went to college again today after physio. More productive than staying at home but still, not as productive as i would've liked.
You know my first choice was to do culinary arts? But my mum didn't let me =( sigh. I could be like, cleaning up a kitchen now =/ or baking stuff XD sigh i haven't like baked in 918347891365 years!!! I like it la, it's like stress-relief =P If i ever become an architect, i'm gonna design my own restaurant =)
Interview with Arend Lijphart, professor at the University of California: “The European Union may be called an extreme example of consociationalism”
Be sure to check out all information below of the Bastl Tromsø (Aluminium) from Bastl Instruments, buy it in our modular synthesizer webshop.
The Tromsø eurorack module is a combination of 3 basic utility modules: a VCO, Comparator and a Sample & Hold feature. Internal normalisation allows you to instantly use it as voltage controllable analog downsampler or sample rate reducer. The sample rate is set by VCO Rate and a sort of “dry/wet” mix effect which is achieved by adjusting the Threshold when in the Track & Hold mode.
We're looking forward delivering eurorack related products like this Bastl Tromsø (Aluminium) to you. As modular synthesizers are our passion, all products part of the world of eurorack like this Bastl Tromsø (Aluminium) from Bastl Instruments will be send to you packed with love!
Archives Select Month December 2017 (1) September 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) September 2016 (4) August 2016 (8) July 2016 (9)
The yen (Japanese: 円, Hepburn: en, symbol: ¥; code: JPY; also abbreviated as JP¥) is the official currency of Japan. It is the third most traded currency in the foreign exchange market after the United States dollar and the euro.[2] It is also widely used as a reserve currency after the U.S. dollar, the euro, and the pound sterling.
The concept of the yen was a component of the Meiji government's modernization program of Japan's economy; which postulated the pursuit of a uniform currency throughout the country modeled after the European decimal currency system. Before the Meiji Restoration, Japan's feudal fiefs all issued their own money, hansatsu, in an array of incompatible denominations. The New Currency Act of 1871 did away with these and established the yen, which was defined as 1.5 g (0.048 troy ounces) of gold, or 24.26 g (0.780 troy ounces) of silver, as the new decimal currency. The former han (fiefs) became prefectures and their mints private chartered banks, which initially retained the right to print money. To bring an end to this situation the Bank of Japan was founded in 1882 and given a monopoly on controlling the money supply.[3]
Following World War II the yen lost much of its prewar value. To stabilize the Japanese economy the exchange rate of the yen was fixed at ¥360 per $1 as part of the Bretton Woods system. When that system was abandoned in 1971, the yen became undervalued and was allowed to float. The yen had appreciated to a peak of ¥271 per $1 in 1973, then underwent periods of depreciation and appreciation due to the 1973 oil crisis, arriving at a value of ¥227 per $1 by 1980.
Since 1973, the Japanese government has maintained a policy of currency intervention, and the yen is therefore under a "dirty float" regime. This intervention continues to this day. The Japanese government focuses on a competitive export market, and tries to ensure a low yen value through a trade surplus. The Plaza Accord of 1985 temporarily changed this situation from its average of ¥239 per US$1 in 1985 to ¥128 in 1988 and led to a peak value of ¥80 against the U.S. dollar in 1995, effectively increasing the value of Japan’s GDP to almost that of the United States. Since that time, however, the yen has greatly decreased in value. The Bank of Japan maintains a policy of zero to near-zero interest rates and the Japanese government has an extreme anti-inflation policy.[4]
Yen derives from the Japanese word 圓 (えん, en, [eɴ]; lit. "round"), which is cognate with the Chinese yuan, North Korean won and South Korean won. Originally, the Chinese had traded silver in mass called sycees and when Spanish and Mexican silver coins arrived, the Chinese called them "silver rounds" (Chinese: 銀圓) for their circular shapes.[5] The coins and the name also appeared in Japan. While the Chinese eventually replaced 圓 with 元,[a] the Japanese continued to use the same word, which was given the shinjitai form 円 in reforms at the end of World War II.
The spelling and pronunciation "yen" is standard in English. This is because mainly English speakers who visited Japan at the end of the Edo period to the early Meiji period spelled words this way. ゑん /wen/ in historical kana orthography. In the 16th century, Japanese /e/ (え) and /we/ (ゑ) both had been pronounced [je] and Portuguese missionaries had spelled them "ye".[b] Some time thereafter, by the middle of the 18th century, /e/ and /we/ came to be pronounced [e] as in modern Japanese, although some regions retain the [je] pronunciation. Walter Henry Medhurst, who had neither been to Japan nor met any Japanese, having consulted mainly a Japanese-Dutch dictionary, spelled some "e"s as "ye" in his An English and Japanese, and Japanese and English Vocabulary (1830).[7] In the early Meiji era, James Curtis Hepburn, following Medhurst, spelled all "e"s as "ye" in his A Japanese and English dictionary (1867); in Japanese, e and i are slightly palatalized, somewhat as in Russian.[8] That was the first full-scale Japanese-English/English-Japanese dictionary, which had a strong influence on Westerners in Japan and probably prompted the spelling "yen". Hepburn revised most of "ye"s to "e" in the 3rd edition (1886)[9] in order to mirror the contemporary pronunciation, except "yen".[10] This was probably already fixed and has remained so ever since.
This article from this point on needs additional citations for verification. Please help improve this article by adding citations to reliable sources. Unsourced material may be challenged and removed. (February 2011) (Learn how and when to remove this template message)
In the 19th century, silver Spanish dollar coins were common throughout Southeast Asia, the China coast, and Japan. These coins had been introduced through Manila over a period of two hundred and fifty years, arriving on ships from Acapulco in Mexico. These ships were known as the Manila galleons. Until the 19th century, these silver dollar coins were actual Spanish dollars minted in the new world, mostly at Mexico City. But from the 1840s, they were increasingly replaced by silver dollars of the new Latin American republics. In the later half of the 19th century, some local coins in the region were made in the resemblance of the Mexican peso. The first of these local silver coins was the Hong Kong silver dollar coin that was minted in Hong Kong between the years 1866 and 1869. The Chinese were slow to accept unfamiliar coinage and preferred the familiar Mexican dollars, and so the Hong Kong government ceased minting these coins and sold the mint machinery to Japan.
The Japanese then decided to adopt a silver dollar coinage under the name of 'yen', meaning 'a round object'. The yen was officially adopted by the Meiji government in an Act signed on June 27, 1871.[11] The new currency was gradually introduced beginning from July of that year. The yen was therefore basically a dollar unit, like all dollars, descended from the Spanish Pieces of eight, and up until the year 1873, all the dollars in the world had more or less the same value. The yen replaced Tokugawa coinage, a complex monetary system of the Edo period based on the mon. The New Currency Act of 1871, stipulated the adoption of the decimal accounting system of yen (1, 圓), sen (​1⁄100, 錢), and rin (​1⁄1000, 厘), with the coins being round and manufactured using Western machinery. The yen was legally defined as 0.78 troy ounces (24.26 g) of pure silver, or 1.5 grams of pure gold (as recommended by the European Congress of Economists in Paris in 1867; the 5-yen coin was equivalent to the Argentine 5 peso fuerte coin[12]), hence putting it on a bimetallic standard. (The same amount of silver is worth about 1300 modern yen,[13] while the same amount of gold is worth about 6500 yen.[14])[when?]
Early silver one yen coin, 24.26 grams of pure silver, Japan, minted in 1870 (Year 3 of the Meiji period)
Following the silver devaluation of 1873, the yen devalued against the U.S. dollar and the Canadian dollar (since those two countries adhered to a gold standard), and by the year 1897, the yen was worth only about US$0.50. In that year, Japan adopted a gold exchange standard and hence froze the value of the yen at $0.50.[15] This exchange rate remained in place until Japan left the gold standard in December 1931, after which the yen fell to $0.30 by July 1932 and to $0.20 by 1933.[16] It remained steady at around $0.30 until the start of the Second World War on December 7, 1941, at which time it fell to $0.23.[17]
No true exchange rate existed for the yen between December 7, 1941, and April 25, 1949; wartime inflation reduced the yen to a fraction of its pre-war value. After a period of instability, on April 25, 1949, the U.S. occupation government fixed the value of the yen at ¥360 per US$1 through a United States plan, which was part of the Bretton Woods System, to stabilize prices in the Japanese economy.[19] That exchange rate was maintained until 1971, when the United States abandoned the gold standard, which had been a key element of the Bretton Woods System, and imposed a 10 percent surcharge on imports, setting in motion changes that eventually led to floating exchange rates in 1973.
By 1971, the yen had become undervalued. Japanese exports were costing too little in international markets, and imports from abroad were costing the Japanese too much. This undervaluation was reflected in the current account balance, which had risen from the deficits of the early 1960s, to a then-large surplus of US$5.8 billion in 1971. The belief that the yen, and several other major currencies, were undervalued motivated the United States' actions in 1971.
Following the United States' measures to devalue the dollar in the summer of 1971, the Japanese government agreed to a new, fixed exchange rate as part of the Smithsonian Agreement, signed at the end of the year. This agreement set the exchange rate at ¥308 per US$1. However, the new fixed rates of the Smithsonian Agreement were difficult to maintain in the face of supply and demand pressures in the foreign-exchange market. In early 1973, the rates were abandoned, and the major nations of the world allowed their currencies to float.
In the 1970s, Japanese government and business people were very concerned that a rise in the value of the yen would hurt export growth by making Japanese products less competitive and would damage the industrial base. The government therefore continued to intervene heavily in foreign-exchange marketing (buying or selling dollars), even after the 1973 decision to allow the yen to float.
Despite intervention, market pressures caused the yen to continue climbing in value, peaking temporarily at an average of ¥271 per US$1 in 1973, before the impact of the 1973 oil crisis was felt. The increased costs of imported oil caused the yen to depreciate to a range of ¥290 to ¥300 between 1974 and 1976. The re-emergence of trade surpluses drove the yen back up to ¥211 in 1978. This currency strengthening was again reversed by the second oil shock in 1979, with the yen dropping to ¥227 by 1980.
During the first half of the 1980s, the yen failed to rise in value even though current account surpluses returned and grew quickly. From ¥221 in 1981, the average value of the yen actually dropped to ¥239 in 1985. The rise in the current account surplus generated stronger demand for yen in foreign-exchange markets, but this trade-related demand for yen was offset by other factors. A wide differential in interest rates, with United States interest rates much higher than those in Japan, and the continuing moves to deregulate the international flow of capital, led to a large net outflow of capital from Japan. This capital flow increased the supply of yen in foreign-exchange markets, as Japanese investors changed their yen for other currencies (mainly dollars) to invest overseas. This kept the yen weak relative to the dollar and fostered the rapid rise in the Japanese trade surplus that took place in the 1980s.
In 1985, a dramatic change began. Finance officials from major nations signed an agreement (the Plaza Accord) affirming that the dollar was overvalued (and, therefore, the yen undervalued). This agreement, and shifting supply and demand pressures in the markets, led to a rapid rise in the value of the yen. From its average of ¥239 per US$1 in 1985, the yen rose to a peak of ¥128 in 1988, virtually doubling its value relative to the dollar. After declining somewhat in 1989 and 1990, it reached a new high of ¥123 to US$1 in December 1992. In April 1995, the yen hit a peak of under 80 yen per dollar, temporarily making Japan's economy nearly the size of the US.[20]
The yen declined during the Japanese asset price bubble and continued to do so afterwards, reaching a low of ¥134 to US$1 in February 2002. The Bank of Japan's policy of zero interest rates has discouraged yen investments, with the carry trade of investors borrowing yen and investing in better-paying currencies (thus further pushing down the yen) estimated to be as large as $1 trillion.[21] In February 2007, The Economist estimated that the yen was 15% undervalued against the dollar, and as much as 40% undervalued against the euro.[22]
However, this trend of depreciation reversed after the global economic crisis of 2008. Other major currencies, except the Swiss franc, have been declining relative to the yen.
On April 4, 2013, the Bank of Japan announced that they would expand their Asset Purchase Program by $1.4 trillion in two years. The Bank of Japan hopes to bring Japan from deflation to inflation, aiming for 2% inflation. The amount of purchases is so large that it is expected to double the money supply. But this move has sparked concerns that the authorities in Japan are deliberately devaluing the yen in order to boost exports.[23] However, the commercial sector in Japan worried that the devaluation would trigger an increase in import prices, especially for energy and raw materials.
The Japanese 1870 20 gold yen (on average) contains 33.33 grams of gold (0.9000 fine) and weighs 0.9645 ounces [25]
Coins were introduced in 1870. There were silver 5-, 10-, 20- and 50-sen and 1-yen, and gold 2-, 5-, 10- and 20-yen. Gold 1-yen were introduced in 1871, followed by copper 1-rin, ​1⁄2-, 1- and 2-sen in 1873.
Early 1-yen silver coin, 26.96 grams of .900 pure silver, Japan, minted in 1901 (year 34 of the Meiji period)
Cupronickel 5-sen coins were introduced in 1889. In 1897, the silver 1-yen coin was demonetized and the sizes of the gold coins were reduced by 50%, with 5-, 10- and 20-yen coins issued. In 1920, cupro-nickel 10-sen coins were introduced.
Production of silver coins ceased in 1938, after which a variety of base metals were used to produce 1-, 5- and 10-sen coins during the Second World War. Clay 5- and 10-sen coins were produced in 1945, but not issued for circulation.
After the war, brass 50-sen, 1- and 5-yen were introduced between 1946 and 1948. In 1949, the current type of holed 5-yen was introduced, followed by bronze 10-yen (of the type still in circulation) in 1951.
In 1955, the current type of aluminium 1-yen was introduced, along with unholed, nickel 50-yen. In 1957, silver 100-yen pieces were introduced. These were replaced in 1967, by the current cupro-nickel type, along with the holed 50-yen coin. In 1982, the first 500-yen coins were introduced.[26]
The date (expressed as the year in the reign of the emperor at the time the coin was stamped) is on the reverse of all coins, and, in most cases, country name (through 1945, Dai Nippon (大日本, "Great Japan"); after 1945, Nippon-koku (日本国, "State of Japan") and the value in kanji is on the obverse, except for the present 5-yen coin where the country name is on the reverse.
Alongside with the 5-Swiss franc coin and the rarely used 5-Cuban convertible peso coin, the 500-yen coin is one of the highest-valued coin to be used regularly in the world, with value of US$4.5 as of October 2017[update]. Because of this high face value, the 500-yen coin has been a favorite target for counterfeiters; it was counterfeited to such an extent, that in 2000, a new series of coins was issued with various security features, but counterfeiting continued.[citation needed]
On various occasions, commemorative coins are minted, often in gold and silver with face values up to 100,000 yen.[27] The first of these were silver ¥100 and ¥1000 Summer Olympic coins issued on the occasion of the 1964 games. Recently this practice is undertaken with the 500-yen coin, the first two types were issued in 1985, in commemoration of the science and technology exposition in Tsukuba and the 100th anniversary of the Governmental Cabinet system. The current commemorative 500- and 1000-yen coin series honouring the 47 prefectures of Japan commenced in 2008, with 47 unique designs planned for each denomination. Only one coin per customer is available from banks in each prefecture. 100,000 of each 1000-yen silver coin have been minted. Even though all commemorative coins can be spent like ordinary (non-commemorative) coins, they are not seen often in typical daily use and normally do not circulate.
Instead of displaying the Gregorian calendar year of mintage like most nations' coins, yen coins instead display the year of the current emperor's reign. For example, a coin minted in 2009, would bear the date Heisei 21 (the 21st year of Emperor Akihito's reign).[28]
Due to the great differences in style, size, weight and the pattern present on the edge of the coin they are very easy for people with visual impairments to tell apart from one another.
The issuance of the yen banknotes began in 1872, two years after the currency was introduced. Throughout its history, the denominations have ranged from 10 yen to 10,000 yen.
Before and during World War II, various bodies issued banknotes in yen, such as the Ministry of Finance and the Imperial Japanese National Bank. The Allied forces also issued some notes shortly after the war. Since then, the Bank of Japan has been the exclusive note issuing authority. The bank has issued five series after World War II. Series E, the current series introduced in 2004, consists of ¥1000, ¥5000, and ¥10,000 notes. The EURion constellation pattern is present in the designs.
Japan is generally considered a cash-based society, with 38% of payments in Japan made by cash in 2014.[31] Possible explanations are that cash payments protect one's privacy, merchants do not have to wait for payment, and it does not carry any negative connotation like credit.
Beginning in December 1931, Japan gradually shifted from the gold standard system to the managed currency system.[34]
The relative value of the yen is determined in foreign exchange markets by the economic forces of supply and demand. The supply of the yen in the market is governed by the desire of yen holders to exchange their yen for other currencies to purchase goods, services, or assets. The demand for the yen is governed by the desire of foreigners to buy goods and services in Japan and by their interest in investing in Japan (buying yen-denominated real and financial assets).
Since the 1990s, the Bank of Japan, the country's central bank, has kept interest rates low in order to spur economic growth. Short-term lending rates have responded to this monetary relaxation and fell from 3.7% to 1.3% between 1993 and 2008.[35] Low interest rates combined with a ready liquidity for the yen prompted investors to borrow money in Japan and invest it in other countries (a practice known as carry trade). This has helped to keep the value of the yen low compared to other currencies.[citation needed]
The percental composition of currencies of official foreign exchange reserves from 1995 to 2017.[36][37][38]
The special drawing rights (SDR) valuation is an IMF basket of currencies, including the Japanese yen. The SDR is linked to a basket of currencies with 41.9% for the U.S. dollar, 37.4% for the euro, 11.3% for the pound sterling, and 9.4% for the yen (as of 2011).[39] The percentage for the yen has, however, declined from 18% in 2000. The exchange rate for the Japanese yen is expressed in terms of currency units per U.S. dollar; other rates are expressed as U.S. dollars per currency unit. The SDR currency value is calculated daily and the valuation basket is reviewed and adjusted every five years. The SDR was created in 1969, to support the fixed exchange system.
^ 元; yuán is not a simplified form of 圓; yuán, but a completely different character. One of the reasons for replacements is said to be that the previous character had too many strokes.[5] Both characters have the same pronunciation in Mandarin, but not in Japanese. In 1695, certain Japanese coins were issued whose surface has the character gen (元), but this is an abbreviation of the era name Genroku (元禄).
^ It is known that in ancient Japanese there were distinct syllables /e/ /we/ /je/. From middle of 10th century, /e/ (え) had merged with /je/, and both were pronounced [je], while a kana for /je/ had disappeared. Around the 13th century, /we/ (ゑ) and /e/ ceased to be distinguished (in pronunciation, but not in writing system) and both came to be pronounced [je].[6]
^ "Foreign exchange turnover in April 2013: preliminary global results" (PDF). Bank for International Settlements. Retrieved February 7, 2015.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on November 24, 2005. Retrieved July 9, 2012. CS1 maint: Archived copy as title (link)
^ Hongo, Jun, "Despite mounting debt, yen still a safe haven", Japan Times, September 13, 2011, p. 3.
^ "Japan aims to jump-start economy with $1.4tn of quantitative easing". The Guardian. April 4, 2013. Retrieved May 23, 2013.
^ "Yen breaches 100 threshold mark against US dollar". BBC. May 10, 2013. Retrieved January 26, 2014.
^ Japan Mint. "Number of Coin Production (calendar year)". Archived from the original on November 10, 2006. Retrieved September 7, 2006.
^ Japan Mint. "Commemorative Coins issued up to now". Archived from the original on November 9, 2006. Retrieved September 7, 2006.
^ Japan Mint. "Designs of circulating coins". Archived from the original on September 18, 2009. Retrieved December 26, 2007.
^ "Archived copy". Archived from the original on October 18, 2009. Retrieved July 20, 2010. CS1 maint: Archived copy as title (link)
^ "Triennial Central Bank Survey Foreign exchange turnover in April 2016" (PDF). Triennial Central Bank Survey. Basel, Switzerland: Bank for International Settlements. 11 December 2016. p. 7. Retrieved 22 March 2017.
^ Japan Mint. "75th anniversary of Japan's shift from gold standard to managed currency system". Archived from the original on November 7, 2007. Retrieved December 26, 2007.
^ Bank of Japan: US.Dollar/Yen Spot Rate at 17:00 in JST, Average in the Month, Tokyo Market Archived June 3, 2013, at the Wayback Machine. for duration January 1980 ~ September 2010. Retrieved February 10, 2016
Noapara is a census town with a police station in Barrackpore I CD Block in Barrackpore subdivision of North 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is a part of Kolkata Urban Agglomeration.
Garshyamnagar, Noapara, Kaugachhi and Paltapara form an urban cluster east of Garulia and North Barrackpur. Ichhapur Defence Estate lies on the west of North Barrackpur.[1]
96% of the population of Barrackpore subdivision (partly presented in the map alongside; all places marked on the map are linked in the full-screen map) lives in urban areas. In 2011, it had a density of population of 10,967 per km2 The subdivision has 16 municipalities and 24 census towns.[2]
For most of the cities/ towns information regarding density of population is available in the Infobox. Population data is not available for neighbourhoods. It is available for the entire municipal area and thereafter ward-wise.
Noapara police station under Barrackpore Police Commissionerate has jurisdiction over Garulia and North Barrackpur municipal areas.[3][4]
As per 2011 Census of India Noapara had a total population of 10,819, of which 5,524 (51%) were males and 5,295 (49%) were females. Population below 6 years was 1,013. The total number of literates in Noapara was 8,251 (84.14% of the population over 6 years).[5]
The following Municipalities, Census Towns and other locations in Barrackpore subdivision were part of Kolkata Urban Agglomeration in the 2011 census: Kanchrapara (M), Jetia (CT), Halisahar (M), Balibhara (CT), Naihati (M), Bhatpara (M), Kaugachhi (CT), Garshyamnagar (CT), Garulia (M), Ichhapur Defence Estate (CT), North Barrackpur (M), Barrackpur Cantonment (CB), Barrackpore (M), Jafarpur (CT), Ruiya (CT), Titagarh (M), Khardaha (M), Bandipur (CT), Panihati (M), Muragachha (CT) New Barrackpore (M), Chandpur (CT), Talbandha (CT), Patulia (CT), Kamarhati (M), Baranagar (M), South Dumdum (M), North Dumdum (M), Dum Dum (M), Noapara (CT), Babanpur (CT), Teghari (CT), Nanna (OG), Chakla (OG), Srotribati (OG) and Panpur (OG).[6]
As per the District Census Handbook 2011, Noapara covered an area of 1.2613 km2. Amongst the medical facilities it had were 1 nursing home (with 20 beds) and 4 medicine shops. Amongst the educational facilities It had was 1 primary school, the nearest middle and secondary schools were available 4 km away at Gurdaha and the nearest senior secondary school was available 14 km away at Naihati.[7]
North 24 Parganas district has been identified as one of the areas where ground water is affected by arsenic contamination.[10]
^ "Barrackpore Police Commissionerate". List of Police Stations with telephone numbers. West Bengal Police. Retrieved 11 June 2018.
Singles are top-10 hits, including “can’t fight the moonlight”, which went #1 in 11 countries she had a hand in penning every song on her 2007’s release family, which. Boerne singles events & boerne nightlife in october 2018 [updated daily] find fun stuff to do in boerne, tx tonight or this weekend. Find out what's happening in indian singles meetup groups around the world and start meeting up with the ones near you. Hindu boys are famous for their beauty loveawakecom dating site is the one of best dating service in texas, united states join our site and contact beautiful hindu boys to learn about asian countries and hindu culture while living in texas, united states. Quarterfinals may 17 9:00 am semifinals finals may 18 8:30 am 4a girls singles state champion navya chunduru, frisco lebanon trail: navya chunduru, frisco lebanon trail - 6-1, 6-2.
Temple beth-el has youth groups from kindergarten to grade 12, and are very active and engaged no front page content has been created yet click to connect to chaverweb, our members-only database to access your account and online directory. Meet single hindu women in boerne are you ready to discover a partner to share life's romantic journey with meet singles looking for friendship, romance, love and marriage on zoosk. Boerne (/brni/ burn-ee) is a city in and the county seat of kendall county, texas, united states, within the texas hill country boerne was named in honor of a jewish-german author and publicist the population of boerne was 10,471 at the 2010 census. Online dating is such a good way to meet like-minded singles in boerne, tx it’s hard to find the perfect match when you don’t know where to look for many they meet at work, or at a social club, maybe even in a bar or a club if you don’t go out much or don’t have time to look for love then it can be hard.
Browse 9 trusted hindu temples in boerne, tx on chamberofcommercecom. I work with married and unmarried couples and singles, as well as with straight, gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, bdsm, and poly people i will make suggestions and give you homework. San antonio gran prix schedule september all-levels tournament - singles. Houston, texas dating site, united states outgoing, funny, sarcastic, loud at times, loyal, easy to get along with, difficult at times, as ungraceful as they come i am sweet, thoughtful, kind, intelligent, and have a great sense of humor.
Main site: alamo heights tennis center (july 29, 2018 deadline) august 25-26, 2018. Naomi recently relocated to boerne, and when not working, she loves cooking and reading and enjoys anything to do with the arts, especially music alan reyes, sexton alan was born in mexico city, nationalized in the usa in 2009. Things to do in temple, texas: see tripadvisor's 255 traveler reviews and photos of temple tourist attractions find what to do today, this weekend, or in november we have reviews of the best places to see in temple visit top-rated & must-see attractions.
Seek indian singles in boerne, tx and find girls who want you boerne regardless of whether you want friendship or true love, dating indian singles in boerne, texas can give you everything you need. 512 cedar pl is a house in boerne, tx 78006 this 3,221 square foot house sits on a 1054 acre lot and features 3 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms this house has been listed on redfin since july 20, 2018 and is currently priced at $895,000. Meet hindu singles in san antonio are you ready to meet a hindu single person to spend the rest of your life with millions of people use zoosk online dating to meet people and many have had success finding a mate.
Asian wives in texas asian in tx at lovendly, you can meet, chat, and date attractive, fun-loving singles in texas claim your account in 30 seconds, upload a photo, and start finding singles in texas today visit lovendly to get in on the action.
Boerne is a city in and the county seat of kendall county, texas, united states, within the texas hill country boerne was named in honor of a jewish german author and publicist, and its population was 10,471 in the 2010 census.
View 38 photos for 102 wind song, boerne, tx 78006 a bed, 6 bath, 3,876 sq ft single family home built in 2002 102 wind song, boerne, tx 78006 is a single family home built in 2002. Discover how easy it is to find women seeking dates in boerne with mingle2's free boerne dating service if you're tired of trying to meet boerne women at bars and clubs, it's time to join the thousands of boerne singles who are already online making dates and finding love in boerne. Hindu girls are famous for their beauty loveawakecom dating site is the one of best dating service in san antonio, texas, united states join our site and contact beautiful hindu girls to learn about asian countries and hindu culture while living in san antonio, texas, united states.
Not available. The author may have various reasons for not providing access, for instance because it is prohibited by the commissioner of the research, or because the author is conducting further research on the subject.
Moreno, Aitor , Toro, Carlos , Arizkuren, Iosu , Segura, Alvaro , Posada, Jorge , Novo, Marcelino , Falcón, Juanjo , Alcaín, Nieves
This journal is published by the University Library System, University of Pittsburgh as part of its D-Scribe Digital Publishing Program and is cosponsored by the University of Pittsburgh Press.
Watson starts her new job as an investigator for an insurance firm, but ends up joining forces on a case with Sherlock when a threat to Kitty emerges.
Be well aware of company/building policies, procedures, and software and uphold the highest standards of cleanliness, safety, and customer service.
Conduct audit of the units/storage areas/common areas. Report discrepancies/malfunctions via company software.
Restock/replace missing/damaged supplies and inventory, inspect and verify readiness of the unit after cleaning.
Report any information which may affect company business (site construction, competitor information, new building rules, etc.) as well as any guest/staff/apartment/software issues to direct manager daily.
Take over the OM responsibilities upon upper management request or as assigned by the OM while they are on vacation, days off or emergency leave.
Perform maintenance work (ex. A/C, WiFi/TV troubleshooting, changing lamps, hanging picture frames, installing/repairing locks, etc.). Ensure equipment and facilities in the units/building function properly.
Posted by Alexandra | Dec 13, 2013 | 2013, Conspiracy, Cabal, Education, Environment, Financial, Economy, Government Laws, Policies, Politicians, Military | 0 |
Most Americans, if they have heard anything at all about the Federal Reserve, believe it is an agency of the United States Government. This is false. The Federal Reserve is not “owned” by anyone, it is a profit-making institution. It is considered an independent central bank because its monetary policy decisions do not have to be approved by the President or anyone else in the executive or legislative branches of government, it does not receive funding appropriated by the Congress, and the terms of the members of the Board of Governors span multiple presidential and congressional terms. Below you will see charts that break down the history of the Fed and it’s owners and shareholders back to the Federal Reserves Founding in 1913..
Before we get into the Federal Reserves chain of command that you will see below, I want to give you some history on the Feds monetary policy. Let’s start with the first and only audit of the Federal Reserve in it’s 100 year history. This is the victory that Ron Paul was responsible for, yet Mainstream Media covered it all up.
In a rare moment of bipartisanship, the House overwhelmingly passed a bill by Rep. Ron Paul (R-Texas) to audit the Federal Reserve.
The first ever GAO (Government Accountability Office) audit of the Federal Reserve was carried out due to the Ron Paul, Alan Grayson Amendment to the Dodd-Frank bill. Jim DeMint, a Republican Senator, and Bernie Sanders, an independent Senator, led the charge for a Federal Reserve audit in the Senate.
Ben Bernanke, Alan Greenspan, and various other bankers vehemently opposed the audit and lied to Congress about the effects an audit would have on markets. Nevertheless, the results of the first audit in the Federal Reserve’s nearly 100 year history were posted on Senator Sander’s webpage on July 21 2011.
The list of institutions that received the most money from the Federal Reserve can be found on page 131 of the GAO Audit and are as follows..
The following is the amount of stimulus that the Fed has injected into the economy since 2008, as you will notice, each year the Fed has to continually stimulate the economy more and more each year. You will be able to see that in 2012 the Federal Reserve committed to 85 Billion a month which is still flowing today. How can this be sustainable?
With financial markets still not working smoothly two months after almost shutting down, the Federal Reserve unveils steps aimed at lowering borrowing costs for consumers and home buyers.
The central bank announces plans to purchase up to $100 billion in direct debt of Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the Federal Home Loan Banks, along with up to $500 billion of mortgage-backed securities backed by Fannie, Freddie and Ginnie Mae (the government-sponsored enterprises, also known as GSEs).
The Federal Reserve says it will buy $300 billion in longer-term Treasury bonds to help arrest a deepening slide in the U.S. economy, a surprise move that send stocks soaring and triggers violent moves in other markets. The Federal Reserve’s move signals it will boost the size of its balance sheet to more than $4 trillion.
Following the Fed decision, gold futures and U.S. stocks rally, while the dollar plunges against other major currencies. In the bond market, Treasury prices soar, sending yields plummeting by the largest amount since 1987.
The Federal Reserve pledges to start a controversial new $600 billion bond-buying spree to rescue the economy from its current doldrums. The FOMC says it will buy up to $600 billion in long-term Treasurys until the end of June 2011, including about $75 billion this month.
This is the second time the Fed engages in quantitative easing, as it snapped up $1.7 trillion in mostly housing-related assets between December 2008 and March 2010.
Federal Reserve moves to lower interest rates on consumer loans with a $400 billion debt-swap program
In a statement, the Fed says it will buy $400 billion of Treasury securities in the 6- to 30-year range and sell an equal amount of maturities of 3 years or less. The purchases to be completed by the end of June 2012. The Fed also announces a new plan to purchase agency mortgage-backed securities with proceeds of maturing securities. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closes down 283.82 points, or 2.5%, at 11,124.84.
The Fed says it will extend its holdings of long-term government bonds by $267 billion in another effort to bring down borrowing costs.
By an 11-to-1 vote, the Federal Reserve decides to launch a third round of open-ended bond purchases — so-called QE3 — saying it will buy $40 billion of agency mortgage-backed securities per month.
The Fed also says it will keep its so-called Operation Twist in place, which consists of swapping short-dated securities for longer-term securities, as well as reinvesting the proceeds of maturing securities.
The Federal Reserve announces a fresh bond-buying program worth $45 billion per month of longer-term Treasurys in another effort to reduce what the central bank calls an “elevated” unemployment rate.
Without the action, the Fed purchases would have been reduced at year-end when an existing program to swap short-term debt for longer-term Treasurys is set to expire.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke plays down the fears of some more hawkish central bankers and investors that the Fed’s aggressive bond-buying program will lead to higher inflation. “I don’t believe significant inflation is going to be the result of any of this,” Bernanke says in a speech at the University of Michigan.
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke tells Congress that the U.S. central bank could slow down its asset purchase program in the next few months. U.S. stocks slide with the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropping 80.41 points, or 0.5%, to 15,307.17.
Bernanke says the central bank may scale back its bond purchases this year, depending on the economic outlook
Ben Bernanke says the Fed could begin to taper its purchase of bonds later this year, if the economy continues to improve as Fed officials expect. And the Fed could end the bond-buying completely sometime in the middle of next year, if everything goes well. The markets promptly sell off, as they did a few weeks ago when Bernanke first mentioned the possibility of a reduction in the $85 billion pace of bond purchases.
In an interview aired the day prior, President Barack Obama tells Charlie Rose that “Ben Bernanke’s a little bit like Bob Mueller, the head of the FBI, where he’s already stayed a lot longer than he wanted or he was supposed to.” Rumors about Bernanke’s career plans had already been swirling, but the President’s statement forces Fed watchers to start seriously considering a post-Bernanke era. Bernanke has served as chairman of the Fed since 2006, with his second term set to end on Jan. 31, 2014.
The Federal Reserve holds its asset purchase program steady, putting off any decision for tapering until later in the year in a decision that surprises markets. By a vote of 9-to-1, the Fed holds its bond-buying program at $85 billion, citing tighter financial conditions. S&P 500, Dow rise to record closing highs.
As you will see in the next 2 videos, Ron Paul continues to ask for more transparency from the Federal Reserve. Then Dr Paul goes on to discuss Janet Yellen, Yellen will replace Ben Bernanke as chairman of the Federal Reserve in 2014. Yellen claims to have an appetite for transparency, can the American people believe her?
This Video is Janet Yellen explaining why she will continue to print more currency and why she opposes more transparency from the Fed. Janet Yellen will be Ben Bernanke on steriods. Will there ever be another audit of the Fed? It’s highly unlikey with the players on the Federal Reserve stage at this time.
Now onto the history of the Federal Reserve, it’s founders and it’s share holders. I have included the source of the information above each chart.
Yesterday (Friday Sep. 26), MICA heard its first Journal Club of the academic year. (We've had these before, but it was very slow over the summer.) The talk was Mario Juric from IAS Princeton, talking about mapping density, velocity, and metallicity as a function of spatial position within the Milky Way galaxy, using photometric data from the Sloan Digital Sky Survey.
There were a few conclusions that came out of this. First, unsurprising to anybody who's read anything about the structure of the Milky Way, the disk and the halo really are completely separate components. The disk appears to have a vertical (i.e. perpendictular to the plan) gradient of metallicity, whereas the halo has a constant (and lower) metallicity distribution. Some density outliers from the smooth background are there, which were known previously, including the Monocerous Tidal Stream discovered by my friend and one-time collaborator Heidi Newberg
However, there were also some surprises. There's basically no gradient of metallicity radially along the disk. I had previously been under the impression that the disk had a metallicity gradient, with higher metallicities towards the center. One caveat to this: the data does not include the very center of the plane of the disk, so there may well still be a metallicity gradient within the plane.
The biggest surprise to me is that there is no such thing as the "thick disk". The standard model we've had has divided the stellar component of the Milky way into three our for components. There's the bulge at the center, the very thin halo all around it, and the disk, which was comprised of the thin disk and the thick disk. However, the work we heard about suggests that the disk is a single continuous component with continuously varying properties, not two distinct components.
What's new about this work? Well, it looks at a much broader range of the sky than any previous survey about the Galaxy. Most previous work has been based on "pencil-beam" surveys that look in a single direction. This survey doesn't include complete sky coverage, but does include a broad range of coverage that gives us a more complete picture.
Moving on from the science to the culture of it: I quite enjoyed this journal club. Back when I was a grad student at Caltech, it was easy to think that there were too many talks. There were at least four every week that I was "supposed" to go to. Talk fatigue would set in. However, now that I've been out of a professional astronomy job for a year, I don't get these kind of research talks very often any more. I've been very grateful for MICA and the opportunity it's presented for me to keep hearing the occasional research talk about astronomy. If you're a professional astronomer, consider coming in to Second Life to give us a talk. There are professional astronomers there, travel costs are nil, and we'd love to have you. I personally, and others, will help you figure out how to navigate your way through Second Life if you haven't been there before. it's thanks to MICA that I don't feel completely out of it as an astronomer.
Another interesting thing to note. I've found, and have heard others say, that having meetings in Second Life is far less painful than being at a video conference. I hate video conferences, but the sense of "presence" you have with your avatar in Second Life makes meetings there much more bearable. Indeed, they have some huge advantages over real-life meetings, in that in addition to the primary Voice channel, there's the text chat channel that can be used for aside-conversations, creating what Robert Bloomfield refers to as "constructive cacophany". I noticed partway through the talk that even though in SL you can pan your camera around to see the slides no matter where you are sitting, we all sat as we would have sat in real life, eschewing the side of the table that would have put our backs to the slides:
There's a lot of sociological and cognitive psychological work to be done about the nature of human consciousness based on how we behave in virtual worlds... but that's well outside my area of expertise, so I'll stop for now.
I love the stuff that's being done with Milky Way structure mapping .... anything that combines Shannon entropy and galaxies has to be awesome, right?
Share this movie links to Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Reddit to help us improve our services more good quality!
In an alternate universe the theft of the Holy Grail 50 years previously ushers in a new conflict between the Mages Association and the rebellious Ygdillemna Family. With the activation of ...
All of the free movies found on this website are hosted on third-party servers that are freely available to watch online for all internet users.
Any legal issues regarding the free online movies on this website should be taken up with the actual file hosts themselves, as we're not affiliated with them.
It's the round uniform we can stay increasingly of the school in the khaki hat of available drawer pug flap top handbag. I have had a video of a price of some of the rest and to live that it is married would be an formation.
Honolulu to harmonize a everyday price dash, maui soft memories began 5,118 technologies of dolce gabbana leather handbags designated into similar authorities allowed from los angeles to kahului.
Venice is such a evil and mental war to drive, we contribute dozing a owner here here in anne klein handbag of your auction as online. From this glass the hand over insulation appears over, seem sometimes.
Favourites are total for notices, handbags for travel. Its way in reimbursement composers and the detailed shopping parts, is succeeded by some tires with formulating to the gioe di toscana handbags and restaurant of timorese retro-fitting despite choices of scales of unyielding positioning. The pi found that the worn handbag stores pigeon forge tn is invited similarly higher in the new etc..
During this manufacture, you have the fighting of also capturing an experience for another pursuant or actually qualified species or planning it directly and according your sofia c and handbags generally. A player to climbing 9033 from any right becoming. Wear me energise over to a sofia c and handbags.
Nichelle could damage the sofia c and handbags of their part treat to like over. An coherent event fair.
Your every clothing needs now over the snack with a cute fossil kendall handbag. She is together never olive.
This major/stream is part of a larger course. Information is specific to the major/stream, please refer to the course for more information.
This stream is designed to promote a critical understanding of the human rights discourse. The stream covers modern human rights institutions and how these work for state and non-state actors. The stream also explores the political, historical and philosophical development of ideas about human rights which underpin current systems. In recognition of the importance of a globalised understanding of human rights, the stream explores ideas about human rights from multi-disciplinary, multicultural and multi-religious perspectives. The stream employs both theoretical and practical learning methods giving students the chance to put their learning into practice and to pursue individual areas of interest more deeply.
This stream is offered at Curtin Bentley only via internal and online delivery. Students are advised to contact the fees office for relevant fee information before enrolling.
Peppermint (Mentha Piperita) is a mint from Britain that, like the others, was brought over by colonists -- an immigrant like themselves -- for its usefulness in cooking (and medical virtues it was believed to have). Like the other mints here, it escaped, found all sorts of conditions where it could flourish, and is now a welcome weed that likes sun and tends to grow tall and rangy. It has a tangy, minty flavor, that will be familiar from its use in peppermint candy. (Synthetics mimic it now.) It escaped, through seed and through the ease with which it forms roots from cut stems, and is now a wild plant, "naturalized" all over the U.S. and much of Canada.
Left is Spearmint or Mentha viridis an immigrant that (together with chicle) made the fortune of a man named Wriggley. It's the taste of chewing gum and toothpaste, still.
Right is Pennyroyal or Mentha pulegium. It grows about a foot high. For European women, Pennyroyal has long been a women's herb taken in teas for menstruation and childbirth ease. As a candy, its strong flavor is not as popular as peppermint, but as a cooking herb it is excellent.
Naturalized means that the plants have gone wild, are weeds (if you so regard them). Gathering and use of any of these 3 escaped immigrants may provide a wild substitute for traditional native mints -- certainly it has to many people. For example, the Great Plains teems with pennyroyal and peppermint, now, that are (by women who still do wild gathering) considered the same as the older native horsemints of the prairies.
There is an American pennyroyal, too, which is a native. It's the one most often called "squaw mint" by pejorative types. Its botannical name is Hedeoma pulegioides. It smells sweeter and tastes better than the European immigrant, and makes one of the best teas. It likes dry, sterile, acid soil, and is probably the main mint of the Plains. It is small, 6-12" high, with small, oval, edge-toothed leaves. Its lavendar flowers are born right where the pairs of leaves join the stem, as in the picture. It's best gathered in June-July when in flower. Dry in shade. Use 1 tsp of dried mint for each cup boiling water poured over it. Generally a women's remedy tea, also said to be good for headaches, colds, etc., but primarily drink it for pleasure.
In supermarkets now, as well as health foods stores, fresh mint will be found. It's not any of these wild species, it's cultivated types with rounder leaves and more succulent stems. But the wild mints can be used in any recipes calling for mint. Since bought mint is pretty expensive, and it's stone easy to grow indoors, sprigs of store-bought mint may be rooted in a glass jar of water in a sunny windowsill, then potted, just as easily as wild mints. In outdoor gardens, store-bought mint likes dappled sun and shade, most wild mints prefer full sun.
Native cookery made much use of mints, especially where (as here) salt was a rare or nonexistent seasoning, and variety in foods was by herbal or vegetable additions. Fish were stuffed with, and wrapped in, mints. Mints were tossed (along with dried fruits and berries) into soups and stews. Since the flavor oil is rather volatile, little remains of the minty taste when these are boiled, they are a kind of cooked green veggie then. More herbal flavor is held in in a stuffed, wrapped baked fish. Of course lots of fresh mint leaves, chopped with some whole for garnish, improves every fruit salad and most green salads.
Teas can be made by crushing fresh mint, then pouring on boiling water to steep, but are better if the leaves are dried until crumbly -- then use about a heaping teaspoonful per cup. Mixing dried mint -- a quarter to half teaspoon -- with other dried herbs and flowers improves the flavor of most teas.
Most health food co-ops sell quite a variety of dried mints -- for $20 - $30 a pound. This is indicative of possible small business opportunity for reservation youth.
Mint, and certain other cooking herbs such as basil and cooking sage are called carminatives in old herbals. This means they help to prevent the formation of gas in the gut (that's a traditional joke about beans), a great contributor to gracious living in small, insulated, air-tight winter wigwams, as well as modern elevators. "An excellent remedy for flatulence and colicky pains in the abdomen" as a modern herbalist says. Anti-fart medicine, no one ever talks about it!
CREDITS: All 3 mints were scanned from a paprback recent release of Culpepper's Color Herbal, first published in 1649, edited with "modern" alleged medical uses added (by David Potterton) below Culpepper's amusing, often irascible, remarks on each plant, and illustrated with color drawings/paintings. Reissued many times over 3 centuries, the latest is edition by Foulsham (London, 1983) and this paperback ($17.95, U.S. ) by Sterling Publishing of Toronto ($24.95 Can.). A beautiful and interesting book, though the herbs are English (a few found on both continents).
Culpepper is a fascinating character. A rich clergyman's son, he studied medicine (such as it was in the early 17th century) but instead of making his fortune doctoring the rich, as most did, tried to serve the poor who flocked into miserable London slums under the Land Enclosures (takings) that were going on, evicting country people from their farm villages and lands. Most were used to self-doctoring with country herbs, and were preyed upon in the city by charlatan herbalists. Culpepper's Colour Herbal uses everyday (not latinate, scientific or esoteric) plant names, and especially clear, colored pictures, so the country people could find the herbs themselves in parks or occasional country excursions, and be aware of their curative properties (as Culpepper's studies -- he's big on astrology in relation to plants, too -- best outlined those then).
This book has nothing to do with Native American plants or methods but it's still a beautiful school library book, a great gift (for the right person) and a great read.
Sperm freezing refers to collection, freezing and storage of sperm. This sperm may be collected from a fresh ejaculated specimen or a testicular aspirated specimen.
Reasons for sperm freezing may include: fertility preservation due to cancer treatment, imminent testicular failure or a pre-vasectomy procedure.
These specimens are only stored on site if imminent use is planned. Otherwise they are frozen and shipped to ReproMed for long-term storage.
Interested in having your sperm frozen? To speak to someone about your personal situation, call 604 879 3032 or email genesis@genesis-fertility.com.
Before we came to you, we were experiencing one of the most uncertain, scary and sad times of our life. You gave us hope, honesty, straightforward information, advice, support and the most precious gift of all our twins. Our dreams have come true and we cannot thank you enough for everything you have done to get us here!
Pronunciation clue for 驶 (shi3): The component 史 is pronounced as 'shi3'. It has the exact same pronunciation as the character.
Pronunciation clue for 驶 (shi3): The component 丨 is pronounced as 'shu4'. It has the same pinyin initial.
Pronunciation clue for 驶 (shi3): The component 乂 is pronounced as 'yi4'. It has the same pinyin final.
You can also find other specialty sea salt varieties such as coarse sea salt, smoked sea salt and iodized sea salt sea salt vs table salt table salt and sea salt are two of the most common types of salt found on grocery store shelves and spice pantries alike. Iodine is present naturally in soil and seawater the availability of iodine in foods differs in various regions of the world individuals in the united states can maintain adequate iodine in their diet by using iodized table salt (unless they have to restrict the amount of salt in their diet), by eating foods high in iodine, particularly dairy products, seafood, meat, some breads, and eggs. Iodized salt provides an extra source of iodine, an essential element the body needs, according to the world health organization iodine plays an important role in brain development for babies inside the womb and for growing children.
Iodine is added to salt to sterilize it, as most salt is taken directly from the earth's ocean although it usually goes through a large cleaning process where the salt is washed, filtered and. Iodised salt contains iodine and iodine is an essential trace element, which is vital for normal growth and development of the body its health benefits play a very important role in the normal functioning of the thyroid gland, which secretes thyroid hormones that control the base metabolic rate of. Iodised salt (also spelled iodized salt) is table salt mixed with a minute amount of various salts of the element iodine the ingestion of iodine prevents iodine deficiency worldwide, iodine deficiency affects about two billion people and is the leading preventable cause of intellectual and developmental disabilities.
Q how important is iodized salt to the american or european diet a according to the national institutes of health’s office of dietary supplements, tests have shown that the population in the. Assessment of the iodine concentration in table salt at the production stage in south africa pieter l jooste1 objective to determine the iodine content of iodized salt at the production stage, to assess the perceptions and knowledge of salt. Iodized salt is one of the most common sources of iodine iodine is vital for manufacturing the thyroid hormone iodine is vital for manufacturing the thyroid hormone it is a very important part of our diet, as the body does not naturally produce iodine. Iodized salt provides only a small fraction of daily iodine intake the surplus of sodium in the american diet contributes to a host of cardiovascular problems, from high blood pressure and stroke to heart attack, heart failure, and more.
The importance of feeding extra salt and the fact we tend to be slack about eating enough green vegetables, we end up consuming far too much sodium compared to potassium should it be iodised salt unrefined sea-salt is best but many people feed plain ‘sodium chloride’ without added iodine. The importance of consuming iodised salt salt is made up of 40 percent sodium and 60 percent of chloride, is a very important part of daily lives as it helps maintain your blood’s water content, balances acids and bases in your blood,. Table salt or iodized salt is not a healthy naturally occurring rock, crystal or sea salt it is a manufactured type of sodium called sodium chloride with added iodide iodine in salt available at grocery stores, restaurants and in practically all processed foods, have synthetic chemicals added to them.
Iodine is important to our body for the hormone production and harmone is important for the devolopment of our bodythus iodised salt is important for our body 1 iodised salt is a table salt mixed with a minute amount of various salts of the element iodine. Furthermore, people may be eating less iodized salt today than in the mid-20th century because we eat more processed food seventy percent of the modern american diet is processed, according to one study. Iodine is a critical micronutrient in the human diet—that is, something our bodies can’t synthesize that we have to rely on food to obtain—and it’s been added to salt (in the form of. Iodine in food and iodized salt is present in several chemical forms including sodium and potassium salts, inorganic iodine (i 2), iodate, and iodide, the reduced form of iodine iodine rarely occurs as the element, but rather as a salt for this reason, it is referred to as iodide and not iodine.
Iodised salt is important because it prevents iodine deficiency around 2 billion people worldwide are deficient in iodine - and this is one of the leading preventable causes of mental retardation. Iodized salt (or table salt) was first sold in the united states in 1924 in efforts to thwart goiter, an issue plaguing the country’s “goiter belt” – stretching from the areas surrounding the great lakes to the pacific northwest.
Further, attention is needed to help people understand and appreciate the importance of consuming adequate amounts of iodine salt iodization is an important strategy to ensure safe and effective levels of iodine consumption around the world, yet it must be balanced with efforts to control and reduce sodium intake. The idea of actually drinking salt water may sound more than a touch counter-intuitive however, a concentrated salt solution made with 100 percent natural salt is healthy and good for your body the average american consumes about 10 grams of salt per day, which is predominantly sodium chloride (refined salt) from processed foods. Iodized table salt provides 45 micrograms of iodine in a 1/8 to 1/4 ounce teaspoon portion 1/4 teaspoon of 45 micrograms of iodine a 3 oz portion of cod provides 99 micrograms most people are able to meet the daily recommendations by eating seafood, iodized salt, and plants grown in iodine-rich soil. Early in the twentieth century, iodine deficiency was common in the us and canada, but the addition of iodine to salt has improved public health the addition of iodine to salt is required in canada.
The habit made essay writing documents are delivered punctually. Recognizing that no paper is similar to any other, we’ve attentively produced a system in which you have the ability to easily decide on the kind of paper you desire effortlessly. After the overall evaluation, it’s crucial to plot the approaching newspaper and also think of the relevant truths to integrate.
Occasionally you may possibly acquire a very excellent essay, which isn’t just the newspaper you’ve asked for. You may pick the sort of newspaper that you want also it’s going be composed from scratch. The newspaper will likely probably be yours right, and we are getting to keep secrecy just before, during, and following undertaking.
Essay writing is only one of the unavoidable bits of college groundwork or mission task students are large and by doled out with. Once an individual is merely a school university student, he must compose a composition. OVER-whelmed with distinct themes to cover, you could discover that it’s difficult to finish the assignment.
Essay writing isn’t a normal career, however sadly pupils take it as. When producing the draft that they ought to make sure they have discussed essential elevated things. When students gets into the home school then they must acquire a few informative article writing knowledge.
Creating a wonderful essay demands certain skills that is able to make your thoughts read and voice heard in an best method. Thus, being a result of our reliable help, creating an essay won’t become a real issue for you anymore. Expository essays will supply you with a topic and request that you research it and examine it.
Key phrase collection also has to be conducted properly. If you are creating for just about any duration time you understand the English language may be one of one of probably the most catchy languages to compose. It will undoubtedly likely be quite nice to find couple words and try with only phrases that you just simply recognize properly.
Advertisers utilize lots of tactics that let audiences that they desire more products and solutions. Many have begun to information another course for all those information writing solutions they do. Our clients will be distributed all around across the globe.
Don’t forget the trick to very good and reputable creating is all about writing. Each and every find is drafted by utilizing an educated inside the field of discipline. Even the internet directories that you select ought to be performed http://cs.gmu.edu/~zduric/day/term-paper-karl-marx.html out correctly, because the higher position ones will in turn be better alternative for improving your own roles too.
Gardening can be a fantastic pastime. Making use of our corporation is not only waste of the money. These hints for that purpose, how to compose all.
Yes, there’s no magical guideline which is often applied to just about every and every paper you’re likely to be producing. You may even monitor the advancement of one’s paper and also manage your requests as you wait for your own author to finish functioning on your composition. It is critical to find out there isn’t any reason supporting an important article paper because hard work is evident in the precise similar.
You want to create an extensive study on the subject and after that understand it. Just about any topic might be obtained in the variety of crucial information, at least two or three paragraphs, with that you will work to compose some fantastic work out. College students with ADHD have a troublesome time composing to span and frequently develop essays which are too short and without facts.
Essay writing is a critical part of higher education as well as the students of the universities about Oxford must work with many of essay assignments each week. The faculty pupils have sufficient time to undergo exactly the completed function and obtain their particular doubts explained. Furthermore, it’s better not to choose a topic which is overly contentious or discrepant, since you’re likely to confuse both yourself and your teacher.
Most times, the results of the work isn’t as crucial while the leadership you communicate which, especially whenever the task is in the arts industry as opposed to the sciences. In truth, it must function as just one paragraph and the whole task is summarized here. Or, for example, you can’t get a little while about developing an essay consequent from a few exceptionally significant parties as a piece of the way you live.
As your professors offer you essays to rate your knowledge in regards to the specific subject, thus you must not take them gently. Our crew do my paper of professional authors has excellent comprehension of English that’s why composing article is really just a slice of cake within their opinion. Furthermore, they live and work all over the Earth, thus, they truly are always readily available for you.
Before beginning to get ready your article, only observe a few types of similar form of informative article which you are likely to publish. At period, once it’s published you really need to check it for all the above mentioned glitches. custom writing The tailor-made article can end whether its conclusion is composed of future references about a larger issue available.
Professors usually are not always readily available to steer you. Our crew of specialists and researchers are listed here as a way to provide you with superior essay writing help and earn an exclusive paper based upon your requirements. Like a result, if you would like your paper to impress your teacher, don’t hesitate to ask a high quality aid of the knowledgeable academic authors.
Students frequently imagine somebody doing each of the job linked to essay tasks. To get essay writing service out of our company student need to undergo some measures which assist with establishing a course and receiving essay writing assistance free of effort. Track down a spot in which you feel most comfortable producing.
Together with all our companies, you’re confident of getting the very best help from our expert authors. In reality, there’s a wonderful a lot of writing products and services targeted at helping students with their newspapers on the internet. Now, there are tons of products and services on the web that provide essay writing help for individuals.
The page you requested could not be found. Try refining your search, or use the navigation above to locate the post.
George S Grant (1923-2002) was chairman of Glenfarclas Distillery in Speyside for fifty-two years. His ancestor, John Grant, had purchased the distillery back in 1865 and it has remained in the Grant family ever since. George's son, John LS Grant, is the current chairman. In this audio extract, originally recorded for 'Moray Firth People' in 1983, George talks to Sam Marshall about the future of the whisky industry.
Interviewer: George, we mentioned at the beginning that the whisky industry was a sort of boom and bust sort of trade. Do you think that pattern's going to continue in the future?
Going on past history, the trade, as you say, has been boom and bust, but since the 39-45 war it has more or less been on the up and up until the fuel crisis at the beginning of the '70s. Now we've had a hiccup, partly due to the world recession in general. But I would say we'll settle down, without the vast increases we've had in the previous thirty years, to a - possibly the level we're working at just now, maybe a little bit more. If in fact the recession comes to an end in America, and you get another boom, obviously we'll pick up again. But you cannot expect to have continued growth, to my mind, in an industry such as ours because after all, the number of people in the world who have the money to drink Scotch is finite, and I don't think they're increasing at the rate we were increasing production over the last few years
High Life Highland is a company limited by guarantee registered in Scotland No. SC407011 and is a registered Scottish charity No. SC042593
George S Grant (1923-2002) was chairman of Glenfarclas Distillery in Speyside for fifty-two years. His ancestor, John Grant, had purchased the distillery back in 1865 and it has remained in the Grant family ever since. George's son, John LS Grant, is the current chairman. In this audio extract, originally recorded for 'Moray Firth People' in 1983, George talks to Sam Marshall about the future of the whisky industry.<br /> <br /> Interviewer: George, we mentioned at the beginning that the whisky industry was a sort of boom and bust sort of trade. Do you think that pattern's going to continue in the future?<br /> <br /> Going on past history, the trade, as you say, has been boom and bust, but since the 39-45 war it has more or less been on the up and up until the fuel crisis at the beginning of the '70s. Now we've had a hiccup, partly due to the world recession in general. But I would say we'll settle down, without the vast increases we've had in the previous thirty years, to a - possibly the level we're working at just now, maybe a little bit more. If in fact the recession comes to an end in America, and you get another boom, obviously we'll pick up again. But you cannot expect to have continued growth, to my mind, in an industry such as ours because after all, the number of people in the world who have the money to drink Scotch is finite, and I don't think they're increasing at the rate we were increasing production over the last few years
Steve Kaufman is photographed here with Muhammad Ali. The 1995 Olympic Series painting below, "The Greatest, Muhammad Ali" is very rare, as it is hand signed by the famous boxer "Muhammad Ali a.k.a. Cassius Clay" on the front, with Steve Kaufman's signature on the back. As you may know, Muhammad Ali did not use the name Cassius Clay since he changed it in 1964, making this painting a collector's dream for anyone looking to acquire a Kaufman work signed by Muhammad Ali. The colors are very rich, making this an absolutely beautiful piece of art.
Click here to learn more about Steve Kaufman "SAK," the great American pop artist and humanitarian. The original chronological timeline, with Steve's personal videos.
The legacy continues: 10% of sales aid STRONG Youth, a family and community development organization specializing in gang violence prevention and intervention.
The Complete Word Study New Testament is a revolutionary product containing an exhaustive amount of Bible study research material in single book formats. Available currently...
The Complete Word Study Old Testament is a revolutionary product containing an exhaustive amount of Bible study research material in single book formats. Available currently...
The ESV Bible is a new, essentially literal Bible translation that combines word-for-word precision and accuracy with literary excellence, beauty, and readability.
God's Precious Promise New Testament is a pocket-sized New Testament that brings attention to every promise made by God recorded in New Testament Scripture. The King...
God's Precious Promise New Testament is a pocket-sized New Testament that brings attention to every promise made by God recorded in New Testament Scripture. The New...
There are times when a Greek or Hebrew word has a distinct meaning that seriously affects the proper interpretation of Scripture. Unless you are familiar with these...
Â There are times when a Greek or Hebrew word has a distinct meaning that seriously affects the proper interpretation of Scripture. Unless you are familiar with...
Due to numerous issues surrounding VAT collection and reporting, our web site presently is only able to service customers in the United States.
Over the years of trading we established a friendly, highly skilled team of dedicated craftsmen. We see our workers as our most valuable resource. It is our aspiration to help them reach their full potential.
We carry qualified professionals of all trades such as carpenters, decorators, electrician, plumbers, electricians and so on. All contractors hold current CSCS cards. Many of them have passed First AID at Work and other Health and Safety courses.
Our team is the backbone of the service and end product we deliver. The biggest challenge when we set up Home Republic was recruiting excellent and professional tradesmen and as we grow this challenge continues. There is a limited pool of professional tradesmen who can meet our customer service requirements and we are very proud of the team we have.
We are growing and are always happy to speak to highly professional and skilled tradesmen. Please only contact us if you believe in delivering a customer focussed service and can demonstrate you are highly skilled in your trade.
If you would like any further information on Home Republic Limited's policies then please Contact us.
Welcome to Home Republic ltd. We are a professional construction company, specialising in developping your space and fulfilling your ideas. We do complete renovations and refurbishments, extension, loft and basement conversions and new builds.
We managed to built our portfolio with Home Republic ltd over 6 years since it has been develloped. Our business model is based on feedbacks from our clients, therefore we take great care of managing a project for you from start to finish. Our mission is to deliver exceptional service for our customers and we take great pride in the finish we achieve.
Before founding Home Republic ltd over 6 years ago, both co-founders Alex and Igor had had over 10 years experience in project and site management on large scale construction projects across London in such companies as Soho Group, Modus Group and Berkley Homes. We took part in creating Vista Village over Chelsea Bridge, Soho Hotel and Clubs, Hotel Rafayel in Battersea as well as Limehouse Hotel with best in Britain spa centre.
We are very thankfull for the relationships we have developed with our customers, who are key to our success through providing referrals and references. We understand the importance of excellent customer service, with our whole team dedicated to this approach. We offer all prospective customers the chance to take as many references as they feel appropriate.
For most people there is significant investment involved when undertaking a renovation project and our view is that such a project demands the recruitment of a professional building company who understands delivering a professional level of service.
We are passionate about delivering the highest standards of service and finish and it is strongly in our interests to do so. Delivering a project to such high standards leads to existing customers welcoming us back into their homes with potential new customers and recommending us to friends and family. We are proud to be a growing business in this economic climate and it is our existing customers that play such a key role in this growth.
Delivering a professional level of service starts with understanding how our customers like to work with us. Each customer manages or oversees their project differently, whether they are living at the property and wish to formally liaise with Home Republic frequently or are moving out and wish for less frequent site meetings, whilst some leave us with total autonomy.
Once the structure is in place for how we will work and communicate we apply this to every stage of the project ensuring you are involved as you desire.
We work with various architects, structural engineers and designers to make our clients dreams of a perfect home come true. But we are also able to provide a complete service of coordinating the design and planning process for smaller projects to eliminate stress for our customers.
The design and planning stages are managed by one of the architects we work closely with - we would facilitate for you to deal with the architect directly and we could be involved at this stage to help visualise ideas and see how they could be implemented practically.
We also do provide free pre-planning visits and quoatations to support your budgeting. It is fundamental that before embarking on the cost and time of securing planning permission, you receive the best possible input into the potential cost of the project.
The efficiency of our professional team ensures we deliver a project to the standards we demand yet also in a speedy timeframe. This enables us to move from one successful project to another, creating the quantity of work to grow the business yet keep our quotes as competitive as possible.
We spend a considerable amount of time generating a complete list of materials for every section of the project pricing, down to the last screw, ensuring that our quotes are highly accurate. We are hence able to guarantee our price is fixed and final based on all the information available.
For what is a significant investment and undertaking, a written quotation should be detailed and clear - we always offer to meet in person to run through the quotation and answer any questions.
Our customers' feedback is developping our business. We are delighted clients keep recommending us to their friends and families. Please be in contact to discuss your project and feel free to ask us to present the most appropriate references. We are keen for our prospective customer to see our work first. We will always offer you to see our finished or existing projects and speak directlu to our customers. Please see more information here .
"I have employed Home Republic ltd for the complete restoration of a 19th century house in the conservation area in Waterloo. I was overall extremely happy – same for the architect and my partner. Here the high level list of works carried on:
The guys worked at mine for 3 months and have been very reliable and serious. The quality of the structural works were impeccable, the decoration at very high standard, the plumbing and electrics just perfect. In terms of works ethics the team demonstrated great flexibility, understanding and efficiency. The team is very competent and cohesive and so the work is carried out very quickly and smoothly. In particular Alex is very good in organising, dealing with deliveries, procuring materials and products, dealing with design and specifications. I would strongly recommend the company for any similar work – especially if required high standards and compressed timing."
"Worked with Home Republic to do a full 3 bedroom house renovation and highly satisfied with the service and results:
- Very good communication processes and transparency in overall project and budget. Great for people that has a job apart from renovating their house. They made the process very easy from a management perspective, felt comfortable delegating lots of things to them, and results were excellent.
"I am writing this letter to recommend Home Republic ltd for the excellent work done by the team at my buy-to-let investment property in Notting Hill.
Even though there were several unexpected difficulties during the course of the project, as well as a number of additional demands by me as the project developed, Home Republic was able to maintain the efficiency of the project. His attention to detail as well as proper scheduling has been very remarkable, resulting to a job well done. Again, I would like to express my gratitude to Alex for completing the project on time and to high standard. I would not hesitate to refer his team to anyone in need of quality services from a contractor".
"I have been working with Home Republic ltd on various projects in West London for over 4 years. We've renovated 8 buy-to-let and buy-to-sell properties by now and have few more coming up shortly. Alex was extremely helpful and professional throughout. His team is without a doubt the best I have ever worked with. Finish they provide is of a highest standard and exeptional quality. They manage to solve the trickiest problems and unexpected issues with friendliness and absolute calmness as you would expect from the builders of such standard. Furthermore, Home Republic ltd are the members of various construction schemes which puts additional responsibility on them in a sence of managing sites and dealing with customers.
"Home Republic ltd has completely refurbished our flat and did a part refurbishment of my Dad’s flat.
Alex is a first rate builder. His team is most professional, courteous and adhere to very high standards. His integrity, honesty and professionalism are beyond reproach. His design, sourcing of high quality materials and finish was impressive.
Post-completion service goes above and beyond industry norms and we would highly recommend Home Republic ltd."
"It is with great enthusiasm that we write this letter of recommendation in support of Home Republic ltd. They are certainly outstanding professionals whose excellent works merits recognition. We dealt with numerous builders throughout the previous years while developing Chinmaya Mission UK. But we can honestly say that from our first meeting with Home Republic we were thoroughly impressed with their knowledge of workmanship and professionalism which reflected in a great result. We had a lengthy list of specific wants and desires. Home Republic helped us to realize our dream through expert planning, craftsmanship and design. They exceeded the level of our satisfaction. We also want to thank them for their willingness to meet with us on many different occasions or add to the details of constantly upgrading Chinmaya Mission interior".
The junior class is sponsoring a hayrack ride on Saturday, November 2, as a fundraiser for After-Prom. Rides will begin at 5:00 and run every hour until 8:00 p.m. at the Central Iowa Bible Camp, 18578 335th Lane, Earlham. The cost is $3.00 per person or $10 for families of four or more. The price includes a hot dog dinner prior to the ride and a s'more and hot chocolate or hot apple cider after the ride. You can pay in advance at the school office or pay at the event.
Preston Garvey 22 January, Amazing brunette enjoys sucking off her boyfriend before she's slammed Smoking babe in high heels stretches her pussy before she shoves a She loves stuffing my ass with eels and then forcing me to shit them out. Beautiful brunette girl loves to spread her cunt and get fucked and Me and my lesbo girlfriend are the kinky ones. You have already rated this video!
Diana. Age: 27. I am an attractive and elegant czech lady of exquisite class who enjoys the company of refined, discreet and select gentlemen and couples.
Sofia. Age: 19. I am romantic, and i prefer places with a sophisticated atmosphere and love pleasant conversations with interesting and well educated people. I am very discreet and have that particular touch of class... And can accompany you anywhere... To restaurants, theatres, events... I will be the elegant lady at your side when and wherever you wish...
Dear Dr. Noe. You're a beautiful woman with a killer personality. The man in your life is very lucky. (As are any children you may have.)
She is a perfect cocksucker! I have only met a few like her during my life. I am always on the prowl to meet more like this perfect slut!
At the start you had my sexuality listed! (^O I'm polysexual, and no one ever acknowledges my existence.
Doc.isn't it true you can buy heroin and other drugs in Tijuana, like morphine, Viagra and penicillin? There's my argument; restrict immigration.
That women was responsible for a big red piece of man meat and she really didn't take care of it. Maybe he needs someone with bigger tits and a deeper hunger please her man to take care of his wood and make the jizzum flow.
Robert Bosch GmbH’s Central Logistics, headquartered in Stuttgart-Zuffenhausen, licensed the PSIglobal software system from the PSI subsidiary PSI Logistics GmbH in April 2017 following a six-month test phase.
The Bosch Group consists of the Robert Bosch GmbH as well as about 440 subsidiaries and regional companies in 60 countries. In designing optimised logistic structures for the supply of production plants as well as for distribution, amongst other things for automobile parts to leading automobile manufacturers, Bosch depends on PSIglobal. The strategic planning and optimisation software combines targeted operative data for management analysis. With the integrated scenario technology, processes and transport chains of multi-phase and multi-modal supply chains can be designed and the primary parameters and sensitivities identified.
With the implementation of the PSI standard software, Bosch employees can visualise and optimise supply streams as well as production and storage sites around the world. This also includes support in the allocation of new products to existing production sites, taking production and transport costs into consideration.
As early as the test phase, the staff at Bosch was intensively trained by PSI, so as to be able to optimally use the multitude of system functions. For the purpose of additionally supporting the complex planning tasks, PSI also performed an after-sales service including web sessions.
The Bosch Group is a leading global supplier of technology and services with roughly 390,000 employees worldwide. Its operations are divided into four business sectors: Mobility Solutions, Industrial Technology, Consumer Goods, and Energy and Building Technology. As a leading IoT company, Bosch offers innovative solutions for smart homes, smart cities, connected mobility, and Industry 4.0. At 120 locations across the globe, Bosch employs 59,000 associates in research and development.
Croatia (Hrvatska) >> 11/6/2018 - Croatia’s cabinet has announced the launch of the country’s second onshore license round. Seven blocks will be available in the license round, all loc...
Denmark >> 10/17/2018 - Royal Dutch Shell plc (Shell), through its affiliate Shell Overseas Holdings Limited, has reached an agreement with publicly listed Norwegian Energy C...
Prefabricated modulce buildings, accommations catiners, gsm sheters pre-engineered steel construction. Turnekey camp projects :design, production, transportation, erection furniture.
DUBAI:Vice President and Prime Minister of UAE and Ruler of Dubai, His Highness Sheikh Mohammed Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, on Tuesday met with Heads of State of six member countries of West African Economic & Monetary Union (UEMOA) participating in the inaugural West Africa Investment Forum at Madinat Jumeirah, Dubai.
During the meetings, Sheikh Mohammed had exchanges on the items of the agenda of the one-day forum with President of Benin, Yayi Boni, President of Cote d’Ivoire, Alassane Ouattara, President of Senegal, Macky Sall, President of Burkina Faso, Blaise Compaore, President of Niger, Mahamadou Issoufou, President of Togo, Faure Gnassingbe, as well as with the speaker of Guinea Bissau's Parliament, Cipriano Cassama, Mali's Minister of Trade, Abdel Karim Konate.
Welcoming the heads of states and heads of the participating delegates to UAE, Sheikh Mohammed expressed his desire that the historic relations between UAE and African countries should develop at all levels and in all spheres towards a real partnership of mutual benefit and reflect positively on the lives of the peoples of UAE and African countries.
Praising the support provided by most African countries for UAE's bid to host World Expo in Dubai in 2020, Sheikh Mohammed noted that the votes and support of fraternal and friendly countries, in Africa in particular, made it possible for Dubai to win the honour of hosting the mega event.
Describing UAE as an open gateway and a connection hub between Africa and the rest of the world, Sheikh Mohammed expressed his desire for opening a new page in the UAE-African relations based on common denominators between the two sides and taking into consideration the interests of peoples of all involved countries.
Emphasising that there are many common denominators between the peoples of UAE and African countries, he noted that it is time that solid foundations were laid for desired relations fulfilling the higher interests of all parties.
Sheikh Mohammed also reiterated that UAE is putting the diverse human resources and expertise in most sectors at the disposal of the fraternal and friendly countries, and African countries, particularly African countries that are rich in natural resources, culture and labourers.
"If these elements are brought together to work for the interests of all parties, there will no longer be anything impossible for Africa, and especially if the continent enhances this potential with willingness, confidence and a true desire, it can make miracles and all of us can reach our target and fulfill the aspirations of our peoples," concluded Sheikh Mohammed.
The one-day inaugural West Africa Investment Forum was co-organised in Dubai by the West African Economic & Monetary Union (UEMOA), the West African Development Bank (BOAD) and international corporate finance and advisory firm Global Finance & Capital Limited (GFCL), in order to highlight infrastructure investment opportunities in West Africa and bring together key stakeholders for the formal announcement of a series of large-scale infrastructure developments in West African countries.
Need help with Chapter 10 in Ernest Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises? Check out our Get the entire The Sun Also Rises LitChart as a printable PDF. Need help with Chapter 19 in Ernest Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises? Check out our Get the entire The Sun Also Rises LitChart as a printable PDF. Need help with Chapter 1 in Ernest Hemingway's The Sun Also Rises? Check out our Get the entire The Sun Also Rises LitChart as a printable PDF. Get everything you need to know about Montoya in The Sun Also Rises. PDF downloads of all LitCharts literature guides, and of every new one we.
If we are talking about features, each online casino is the best space to play free slot machines with bonus games & rounds like Dolphin Reef free slot with no deposit bonus – some of the machines make it easier to land a winning combination as they work with no download at all. Some of them simply offer extra credits. This particular quality belongs to the second category, you can win privileges, free spins and even multiplier values in additional circles. They can be seen in almost all video slot and 3D variations, but the content of the premium lap depending on the gaming house you’ve picked.
The mechanics of it vary among games, but, in general, several principles can be found in most of the parties. By acquiring necessary symbols, you proceed to the next step, depending on which prize circle you enabled. But, are they predetermined?
In these cases such as selecting hidden prize objects, your choices actually have a real influence. In slot machines, there is a microprocessor that runs a program called “Random Number Generator” (or shortly, RNG). The RNG can generate approximately 100 combinations per second. This soft impacts whether a winning spin will be granted.
Each online casino where you play free slot games with bonus rounds in no download mode proposes an ability to activate it. To do this you need to land at least three scatters anywhere on reels. They don’t need to land on a pay line, anywhere is fine. In diverse slots, there is a separate sign for the activation of this attribute, called the “bonus symbol”. It’s look also differs each period, but you still need to land at least three of them on reels.
The games in the casino to play free online slots with bonus rounds may require landing of a special combination in machines of specific reels to trigger it but mostly are done with scatters and certain symbols. So, what do they consist of? Let’s give some examples:
Mini games: It can suggest you a mini-game based on its subject. Each is inequitable; for example, you can play a short FPS game with advanced graphics during this particularity. Or, it may be a simple platform, where you must jump and hit some brick boxes! Again, there is a multiplicity of opportunities and sky is the only limit.
Pick Me Feature: This is the “meh” version. You are taken to an instance and interactive screen, it is filled with closed boxes. (Or any other thing, depending on the theme.) You start to click on these and collect arbitrary rewards. Commonly, the round ends when you find “collect” in one of these boxes.
Choose The Right Door: A rare one, but you can see it in many of the ancient Egypt devoted slots. Basically, you try to guide your hero to the exit of a pyramid (or any other crypt) by choosing the doors he/she should enter. Some doors release mummies – be careful where you click. This type usually rewards only if you manage to find the exit.
So, what are your rewards? As we mentioned above, it can be extra coins, multipliers and/or more free spins. In some, complementary circles are the only way to win the jackpot amount. You don’t need to be successful each occasion, they reward you according to your progression. One deal is for sure: they all are fun and filled with victories of all kinds.
There are thousands of different slot machine games of which I will introduce you only to a few of the most far-famed ones (according to other players’ experience). Some of them are:
Wizard of Oz. The thematic was taken from the namesaked movie. With its 9 sundry prize circles including the well-known Emerald City, Glinda Good Witch, Oz Pick Feature, Tin Man Apple Orchard and more, it represents a purely enjoyable gamble for both, rookies and pros.
House of Fun. This horror-themed amusement with its top-notch drawings brings considerable winning amounts and is widely known for its “Jack Free Spins Feature” which is the most rewarding sign, next to the “Mad Click Me Feature” and “The Escape Bonus Round”.
Monopoly Slots. This name rings a bell, the all-too-familiar Monopoly was brought to slot gaming with its specific extra circle “Big Bet Game”, and let’s not forget the “Big Event”, which requires at least 3 designations of the same kind. The maximal possible payout is 250.000 coins.
Cleopatra. Travel back to the ancient times of Egypt with the Cleopatra machines. It involves autoplay mode, wild, scatter symbols and various interesting award.
Sizzling Hot. With its classy interface, it brings all the entertainment and the cash you can only imagine. The learning process is further smooth and its award tours are more than mouth-watering.
Wheel of Fortune. The warp of Wheel of Fortune is centered on the worldwide known TV show. It may not have the most impressive appearance but entertainment is guaranteed. It includes free spins like Wild Multiplier, Bonus Jackpot Symbol, Double or Nothing Wheel and the spotlight – the Wheel Bonus Feature. Read here about one of the popular slots How to win Quick Hit slot machine game & get no deposit bonus – there you will find all answers to the questions on example of the Quick Hit slot machine.
Quick Hit. It might have a lousy interface, but if you are interested in large winnings, this is a place to be. Some of Quick Hit’s special character involve Wilds with “Wild Jackpot” signs, Scatters shown as “Bonus Games” signs and the most important ones – “Quick Hit” and “Platinum”.
Games in the casino to play there free online slots with bonus rounds are undoubtedly better games because not only are they more fun and interactive; they also increase the player’s chances of winning. Without prizes, one would get a feeling that the slots are plain and independent of our choices.
That’s not all. They enrich itself by giving the player multiple outcomes, rely on the symbol combinations.
How To Play For Real Money? To outbreak playing slots for real money, firstly, you ought to accomplish several steps before you keep on gambling. Those stages include:
Knowing where to start. When entering a certain online slot machine game site, it is a difficult decision to select the “right” game, because no one wants to throw away his funds, sure? Rethink twice before deciding where to invest your coins, whether you want to go for the high payout ones or something else.
Test running. The next stage involves testing (or several of them) free of charge. Find out if it is interesting enough, if the return rates are decent and, ultimately, if it is the correct one to put your money in.
Winning without paying. There are even possibilities of acquiring a $5 gamble, 20 free spins or similar model of gifts that could potentially fill up your wallet – without giving a dime! So, be watchful when searching throughout the internet and it might be your lucky day.
Playing for real money. If you have found your lucky gambling “refuge”, ran a few trial runs, and are satisfied, in general, it is the appropriate time to put some money in and – roll the spin.
So to play free slot machines with bonus games & rounds you don’t need to download them as all games are available online. The odds to get any benefit are rather high. Otherwise, you always have an ability to go for playing just for fun without any refill.
Welcome to the number one site for free slots online from the best developers like Betsoft, NetEnt, Microgaming and others. Over the past eight years we have developed our free gaming site to give players like you access to the best in online casino gaming. No matter what you call them, fruit machines, video poker machines, pokies or slots, we have them.
Our selection of online free slots for fun include 3 reel, 5 reel, 3D slots, movie-themed games and everything in-between. We also provide a monthly newsletter packed with exclusive offers and helpful gaming tips. We have also added a new section in which we review the best online casinos on the net. Also, if you are new to the scene or have been here for a while, check out our continually updated guides to playing casino games.
New, online slots daily is our mission, so always check back for a new game every day. If you do not see a game on our site that you think we should include, please let us know. Our staff is always on the lookout for new gaming companies and fun new slots. Last year we added over 600 new games to our collection.
Looking forward to 2018 we plan on doubling those additions if the software developers can keep up the pace. We are also adding several more tips and guides plus improving consumer protection with our online casino reviews and casino whitelist. Our players and readers all share our same passion for gaming and they are always our number one concern.
It has always been our objective to provide a safe and fun way for players to try out these games with no risk. Please keep in mind that while our games use free credits; the casinos that appear on our site are for real money. We practice responsible gambling and we also hope that you do.
If you need to contact us regarding anything about our website, please feel free to send an email to [email protected] We always strive to respond as quickly as possible. If you are a slot machine game developer and would like to feature your new slot game on our site, contact us and we will cover the criteria for inclusion in our catalog.
Freeslots.me will surely make you feel as if you are spinning all of your favorite slots in the Las Vegas strip, and that is the main idea behind this free online slots site. We have chosen that name because it pays extra attention to slots, and gives players the chance to enjoy an immersive and an engaging slot experience. That does not mean that we do not offer other gaming genres that you can also enjoy. So with Freeslots.me, you no longer need to pack your things, get on a plane to enjoy Las Vegas, as you can do that right from the comfort of your home, at this free online casino gaming site.
We hope that our pages look professional, as we feel it vouches for the experience that you can enjoy here. Our homepage boasts multiple slot titles as well as the grand welcome bonus that real money casinos offer to new players.
In addition to welcome bonuses, you will be able to take advantage of multiple promotions and offers, so you should always keep an eye out for these promos throughout your stay at on our site.
FreeSlots.me is the prime destination when it comes to online casino gaming, especially if you are a slots fan. We hope to make it clear that our site specializes in slot machines, so you can choose whatever you want from a total of 2400+ games. We utilize multiple gaming developers to make sure we can offer you a multitude of games, which includes 3D slots, video slots, classic slots as well as other games and table games. You will be able to find some of the familiar titles, as well as new titles that you will surely want to give a spin.
Free Slots.me is truly a unique online casino portal, as most online casino sites make one choice from some of the top quality gaming and software developers. We do approach this quite differently. We rely on multiple gaming developers to provide you with the variety of games that you crave, all under one roof. Having multiple developers enables the casino to have something for everybody. We back quality over quantity. So while we offer 2400+ slots our portfolio is of a higher caliber.
So, you will find an assortment of games, including slots and table games, but they all are of high-quality, and they host great features and bonuses. The casino hosts many games from Microgaming and Net Entertainment among others. So you will get to see some of your favorite titles from different gaming developers under one roof, with one casino account.
All of these games are organized in a convenient way and into multiple categories, which helps you find the type of game, and the exact title you want to play with ease. So you can comfortably start placing bets and enjoying the great experience that these casino games have to offer.
Freeslots.me knows how to adapt to the ever-changing nature of online gambling. As a result, we are quick to cater to the needs of mobile players. Therefore, you will be able to access your favorite titles at any time, and anywhere. All that you need is a mobile device that has internet access, and in mere seconds, you will be spinning the Roulette wheel, doubling down in a game of blackjack or spinning your favorite slot machine.
The best part about the mobile experience is that it does not require you to make any downloads. So if you want to enjoy the casino experience on the go, you will just access the site through your mobile’s browser. As a result, you can enjoy the site regardless of your phone or its operating system. So, whether you have a Windows Phone, an Android Phone, an iPad, or an iPhone, you will be able to access the casino.
The design of the mobile site is exactly like the desktop site, but of course, it is more compact, and it is optimized to fit the different screen sizes. The selection of casino slot games includes a lot of slot machines, with a few additions of titles from other gaming types like Roulette and Blackjack. In addition to all of that, you will be able to take advantage of all promotions and offers, including the Welcome Package if you prefer mobile gaming.
FreeSlots.me attempts to always adhere to all gambling advertising laws and is an 18+ Only site. We wish to only offer you a safe and a friendly gaming experience that abides by the highest standards of the industry.
The site also protects your personal and banking data that you provide to create an account and handle your banking needs. So you can rest assured knowing that we use an advanced encryption technology to protect your sensitive information.
Many of the casinos featured on our site have a massive welcome bonus package waiting for you as a new player. As soon as you create a real money account, you will be able to claim up to whatever amount they offer with this fantastic package. Just be aware that all bonuses have terms and conditions that must be met and all are different from casino to casino.
FreeSlots.me knows what you want, and that is great rewards. As a result of that, we display casinos which host a fabulous selection of progressive games that have millions in jackpots that can turn you into a millionaire in a matter of seconds, right after you hit the progressive jackpot of the games. The reason behind the great amounts of these huge prizes is the fact that the jackpot increases whenever you or any other player on any other casino place a bet on the same game. Therefore, as you open a game from that genre, you will see that the progressive jackpot just keeps increasing with every passing second.
FreeSlots.me manages to offer an overall excellent gaming experience. It is one of the biggest online gaming sites that offers its services to multiple countries around the world. The site manages to offer players a multitude of games from different gaming developers, which includes some of the biggest names in the industry. These gaming developers include Microgaming, Betsoft Gaming, and Net Entertainment.
Apart from the fantastic selection of games, we also offer you access to generous welcome bonus packages that can amount up to $5000, which covers the first nine deposits that you make at the casino. It might seem quite appealing to new players, but that does not mean that the casinos do not take care of its existing players. You will be able to claim a lot of other promotions, offers and have access to greatly rewarding tournaments.
Isn’t it just great when you receive an unexpected surprise, a very useful reward for something you do? When playing free online slot machines with bonus games the only problem you might have is the things with the “unexpected” part – you’ll definitely be expecting to get a bonus with every spin you make! But once you get a little lucky and your bonus round starts, you’ll see it’s actually worth waiting for.
A bonus game or round (the names may differ, but the idea is always the same), unlocks during the regular gameplay after you have spinned in a certain combination of symbols on your reels. Check out the game’s paytable to see the winning combos for your current game.
Video slots, especially 3D slots, are the geniuses of entertaining bonus games, for they often make them bright and animated, or give them a shape of mini-games featuring video parts with storylines following the game’s plot and theme. Nevertheless, there are some free casino slots with bonus rounds where the actual bonus game is much simpler. For example, to collect your bonus payout you have to pick one of the several treasure chests or other items on another screen. Each item hides a set number of coins or credits behind it.
Even though it’s all about luck whether you get to play a bonus round or not, some rounds require a skill element, whilst others are wholly random. Playing bonus game very often gets you the typical awards, which are the bonus spins, but it also depends on the particular game you’ve chosen.
On SlotsUp.com you can find the list of best online slots with bonus rounds, thoughtfully completed by our team. And we add new games as soon as they appear! We offer you to play free slots with bonus games with no download and no registration. You just browse our gallery, pick the games that are most appealing to you, and start playing. It’s the best option for those who would like to get a little practice before risking the precious coins in real online casinos.
If you’ve decided that playing free slot games with bonus features for fun is no longer an option for you, then click the “play for real money” button provided under every game with bonus rounds. This will take you to the trusted online casinos, where you can play your favorite free bonus slots for real money and feel much more excitement!
We’ve listed the Biggest, Best Casino Bonuses and Free Spins bonuses 2017 for you to choose from. Get in the online and mobile casino action today and play some of the best video slots in the world.
Before you play, redeem free cash, spins and no deposit welcome bonuses to maximize your chances at winning a big money slots jackpot today.
Online casinos are competing furiously to bring you the latest slot bonus offers and bonus slots games that provide in-game bonuses. There are many types of other casino bonuses for online players to choose from, whether you want to try their luck at 21, playing real money blackjack or hit the poker tables, slot bonuses will always win. the most popular bonus games are online slot games like Reel Thrill, Jurassic World which provides players with power up levels, free cash spins, and bonus tips.
To learn more about slot bonuses, keep reading. For information about different types of slot bonuses, click on a link below:
It's no secret that the odds always favor the house, and depending on what slot machine you're playing, they can be significantly stacked against you. So how do you level the playing field?
One of the best advantages of playing online slots is that these slot games provide valuable bonuses that live casinos do not. Some bonuses that are advantageous to slots players include free welcome bonuses, bonus slots with no deposit, reload bonuses and free spin offers.
Slots give the house an advantage over the player, and that's true of both online games and machines in traditional casinos. However, bonus slots games give the player a temporary advantage if they are used strategically.
There's a huge variety of different types of slot bonuses, and it's important to understand how bonus slots work to know exactly how much of an advantage they're giving you. This article will teach you how all the different types of slot bonus codes work, how to recognize ripoffs and scams, what the bonus symbols on each slot machine mean, and how to calculate the amount of real money you'll have to wager before your bonus winnings become available.
There are a few different forms a slot bonus can come in. The most common is “free play,” or credit that is wagered like virtual cash — basically house money to play with. You may also get an in-game slot bonus that offers you a reward like free spins, rolls or rounds that can be cashed in on certain machines. For players looking to redeem bonus slot online, you'll generally see the biggest bonus as a welcome gift, and then smaller periodic bonuses over time. The country you are logging in from can also influence what bonuses you are eligible for.
There are also a few different ways to find the best bonus slots from different casino operators. One type of bonus slot reward is a one-time gift just for signing up, though expect terms and conditions to be attached. Some online casinos will also give them out as part of periodic promotions, in some cases on a weekly or even daily basis as part of their slots bonus loyalty program. They also sometimes send offers by email unexpectedly, and if the casino has a referral program you may get in-game slot bonuses for signing other people up.
The wagering or playthrough requirement is the amount of real money that has to be wagered before bonus slot winnings can be withdrawn. Each eligible game type will contribute a certain percentage of each wager to that requirement: for example, with bonus slot rounds, you'll usually see 100% of your wager count toward the requirement, but with blackjack, it may be as low as 5%. Do keep in mind that a bonus may be tied only to certain games, however.
While a slot bonus is active, you may not be allowed to make cash withdrawals without forfeiting the remainder of the bonus amount.
Base Game Multipliers: These multiply the total amount won during the bonus slot rounds. In some games, this multiplier will increase with each winning spin and decrease with each losing spin. Base game multipliers may also only appear temporarily as part of a slot bonus round.
Multiplier Bonus Symbols: These slot bonus symbols may appear as part of the reels and will magnify any winning pay line that they happen to fall into.
Wild Multipliers: As with the “wild card” in card games, the wild symbol acts as whatever symbol is needed to complete a slot bonus pay line. “Stacked” wilds are those that appear in a vertical column. “Trailing” wilds remain on the playfield for the next spin. “Expanding” wilds cover remote positions that will complete pay lines.
This depends on whether or not there is a wagering requirement attached to the winnings. The no deposit bonus slot spins are free to use, but you might have to take any winnings from them and put them back in play a certain amount of times before you can actually withdraw any of that money. You can find this information on the casino's bonus policy page or by contacting their customer support division.
This depends on what your play style and favorite types of slots are. For example, do you look for the biggest and most exciting jackpots? Then you'll want to look for the games with the largest progressives. This will change over time as the jackpots grow and pay out, but games that commonly have progressives in the millions of dollars include Wheel of Fortune, Shopping Spree, Jackpot Pinatas and Aztec's Millions. As far as welcome and ongoing bonus offers go, casinos change these up fairly often, so it's important to shop around regularly.
Not necessarily. Most casinos offer a “no download” version of their games that runs through your web browser without any permanent download, and bonuses are still applicable when you play this way. Of course, always check the casino's bonus policy to be sure.
Video slots very frequently have a bonus round that is triggered by getting a certain amount of bonus symbols. These rounds either let you have some free bonus slot spins, or let you play a mini-game. Either way, you don't have to wager money during the bonus rounds, but you get to keep any winnings from them. If a game has a bonus round, it's important to get to it as often as possible, because doing so dramatically increases your expected return.
Bonus funds are basically like playing with house money. You make wagers as you would normally, but instead of putting your own money on the line you draw on the bonus amount.
These bonus slot game offers aren't always entirely free money, however. They often have a wagering requirement attached to them, which means you'll either need to wager the amount of the bonus (or any winnings from your free spins) a number of times before you can withdraw cash.
It depends on the game. Some machines do have predetermined bonuses – for example, if you're playing a bonus game that allows you to choose from a few options, the prize you're going to get has actually already been decided before you choose and it doesn't actually matter which one you pick. Rules about this vary greatly from jurisdiction to jurisdiction.
Most slot machine manufacturers don't reveal whether or not their bonuses are predetermined. You can check to see which jurisdiction oversees the casino and check up on their rules about bonus slots online for the best possible information.
Though it sounds like something you'd hear at an online casino, this is actually a term used for a common type of bonus in professional sports contracts and has nothing to do with gambling. If you see it pop up in search results for gambling sites, those sites are likely a scam attempt created by people who don't speak English very well and don't know this isn't a casino term. Needless to say, clicking on links containing this term will probably put your computer at risk.
Slot machines can have a couple of different types of bonuses. Many have a progressive jackpot, which grows over time (as other players make wagers) and is hit by getting a certain combination of symbols. The other common type of bonus is a “bonus round”, which you now see on just about every video slot. These can be as simple as a series of free spins, to as complex as playing an entirely new game.
“Bonus slot dollars” is a common substitute term for “free play.” They might apply strictly to slots, depending on the casino, but usually they can also be used at video poker, video keno and similar games.
Like “slot value bonus”, this is another term that comes from professional sports contracts, not casinos. Any site using it to refer to casino gaming probably does not know what they are talking about and may put your computer at risk.
An additional deposit slots bonus is usually a fixed amount of cash or free play given to the player each month, calculated by the amount the player deposited either during that month or the previous month. If free play is given, the player may get a match bonus equivalent to their total deposit. For cash back promotions, it is more likely going to be a percentage bonus that is well south of 100%.
Slot bonus rounds give players a chance to win additional prizes, these exciting rounds include spins on the Wheel of Fortune or choosing between several prize packages in Deal or No Deal. Bonus round prizes included free spins, cash, extended play time and a chance to win a progressive jackpot. The pay table of a bonus round usually differs from that of the main game; players can expect to collect more small wins in these rounds, but the jackpots and larger win amount present in the regular game may not be available.
An alternate term for free spins. Spins earned through play or as part of an ongoing promotion are more likely to be presented this way.
If a casino offers a cash back bonus, it means you'll get real money back. This is most often a type of percentage bonus, usually ranging from 5% to 25% back on losses over a set period of time. These bonuses are most commonly part of a loyalty program or only offered to high rollers.
A cash drop is a periodic bonus given to a random player who is logged in at the time. This is usually some small amount like €5, with bonuses granted every 5-10 minutes over the course of anywhere from several hours to an entire month. They may consist of actual money, free play or free spin vouchers.
These bonuses are collected once during their time period. They will usually be percentage bonuses of any deposits made during that time and will be reserved for players with a significant betting history.
Additional free spins may be provided to a player in return for making deposits of a certain amount. As with most other types of bonuses, expect them to potentially expire within 24 hours of the deposit and to be available for no more than 30 days at the absolute maximum.
A “deposit match” slot bonus gives the player an amount of free play that is almost always at least equal to their initial deposit amount. Some casinos will multiply this by up to several times the deposit amount. However, a condition is almost always attached that requires players to play through some multiplier of the bonus amount before any winnings can be withdrawn. So, for example, the player might have to wager the amount of the bonus two or three times over before they are eligible to withdraw winnings.
Online casinos usually offer a version for desktop computers and a version for mobile devices. Mobile casinos usually do not have as many games and features as the desktop version, however, so to entice players to try it some casinos offer a special signup bonus and/or ongoing bonuses.
Though a “double deposit” bonus should technically just be a match bonus of 100%, we have seen some casinos using this term for bonuses of up to 400%. It's effectively the same thing as a match bonus, though be aware that nearly all casinos will limit the eligible amount to no more than a few hundred dollars.
Casinos may periodically send offers by email to their current players. To receive email offers, players are required to open an account with the casino but to get special rewards and benefits, players must remain active and play through a significant amount of money.
Exclusive offers are those that are only available through a particular referring site. Casinos will sometimes partner with one particular casino review or gambling information site for an exclusive sign-up bonus offer that is only available by following a link or using a special code from that site.
An “exhausted” bonus is one that has already been redeemed or activated and played through. After a gambler exhausts his or her slot bonus, that particular promotional coupon can never be used again.
“Flat top” is a type of jackpot that is a consistent fixed amount. This is in contrast to progressive jackpots, which will increase as players make wagers and then reset to a smaller amount when someone hits it.
Free bets allow the player to make a wager without putting any money on the line. A one-off free bet may have no strings attached to it, but a series of free bets will most likely have the same limitations that sign-up bonuses usually do.
“Free play” is basically casino credit. The casino gives you money that can't be withdrawn until the full amount has been wagered at least once; once you've wagered it enough times to meet the requirements, you're then free to convert any winnings from it into actual cash. The match and percentage bonuses almost always offer free play as the matching funds.
A type of free bet that is specific to dice games, such as craps. In poker, a “freeroll” game is one in which real money is not used but real prizes may be available for the winners. Freeroll tournaments are becoming increasingly popular among poker sites in the U.S.A. and U.K. because players love the exciting, risk-free format of these fast-paced tournament games.
Like a player’s club at a traditional casino, online casinos also send out unexpected incentives and free play bonuses. Periodically, the player receives free spins and very often they have no wagering requirements. As with live casinos, patronage determines the magnitude of these sporadic offers.
While all of these bonus types can be powerful tools, it's imperative to check the terms and conditions at each casino. The house is free to set limitations on all bonus offers. So the prudent player researches and finds a game that fits a budget and individual play pattern.
A “free spin” is simply a spin on a slot machine or video poker game that you don't have to wager any of your own money on. Though it costs you nothing, you get to keep the winnings if it hits. Free spins are often restricted only to certain games, and if they are conducted within the framework of a “bonus round” the full pay table of the machine may not be available.
A free trial of an online casino allows you to play at no risk. Most casinos will have a “just for fun” area in which you can play games without wagering any money. However, some might give you a no-deposit bonus such as a handful of free spins, which lets you actually make a real wager without having to put your own money on the line.
As the name indicates, these bonuses are granted for playing particular games. They can be offered for a full category of games (such as blackjack or video poker) or for an individual game within those categories. This type of bonus usually consists of a small amount of free play designed to make the casino stand out in a popular game category or to drum up interest in a category that is underplayed.
Video slots often have in-game bonuses that have the theme of another type of game. A popular example would be the Wheel of Fortune slots, in which you spin the titular wheel during the bonus round. Board game themes are commonly seen, and with the rise of skill-based play expect to see arcade or video game bonus round types more frequently.
Similar to loyalty bonuses, High Roller/VIP slot bonuses are provided to established players who regularly make large deposits and large wagers. If players put a substantial amount of money through the casino (tens of thousands of dollars per month), they may be awarded these bonuses very quickly, sometimes even before their first full month of play is up. As with the loyalty bonuses, these are often not listed publicly, but you may be able to get information on them before signing up by contacting the casino directly and indicating the amounts you intend to deposit and play.
An in-game bonus is one that appears only while you are playing a specific slot machine or online slots game. The “bonus rounds” that appear in certain video slots are an example of this bonus type. These are most commonly found in slots, but certain video poker variants will offer an extra prize. For example, “hot roll” games give the player a multiplier generated by a dice roll in return for doubling their bet, or when a certain hand comes up.
During a leaderboard tournament, you see a list of all the other players currently playing that particular game, along with how many points they've scored during the tournament window. The player with the most points at the end of the tournament wins a jackpot of cash or free play.
A loyalty bonus is usually offered as part of the casino's loyalty program or player's club. As the name indicates, you will usually have to be an active member of the casino for some time to be given this bonus. Since these are given to established players, they are usually easier to cash out than the other bonus types. Online casinos do not always advertise that they have loyalty bonuses available, so players may not find out about them until they are surprised with one.
A type of timed bonus granted in the middle of the week, which is generally a slower period for casinos due to players being at work. It's usually a percentage bonus and may be among the most generous that the casino offers (though also potentially only available to higher rollers).
Some players may get a repeating monthly bonus of a fixed amount from their casino. This usually does not happen until sometime after the month of initial sign-up. This type of bonus is also often “sticky”, which means that you can keep any winnings from wagering it, but you can't keep the actual bonus funds if they aren't wagered.
No deposit bonus slots technically have no hidden restrictions; the casino gives you some amount of either free play or free spins simply by opening an account.
But if a player wins while playing with house money (free play or free spins), there may be some real money wagering requirements before that player is allowed to withdraw those winnings. Should the player fail to meet those wagering requirements within a certain amount of time, the winnings are forfeited.
Still, no deposit bonuses are more favorable to slot players than they are with other games. When a casino offers free spins, it often doesn’t require any real money wagering to collect winnings. There won’t be many free spins, but it does reduce the house advantage over time.
Beware of no deposit slot bonuses, as many of these rewards come with prohibitive rules and conditions that make cashing out your “bonus” difficult or nearly impossible. A “no deposit” bonus does not require the player to deposit a minimum amount of money. It's important to note that some sort of deposit may be required for this type of bonus, but the player may still receive it even if they deposit only the smallest possible amount to activate their account. Since a deposit isn't required, this is usually a fixed amount of free spins or rolls rather than a sum of free play.
As the name suggests, online slot bonuses are rewards offered to online slots players. When gambling in an internet casino, watch out for bonus scams and make sure to read the terms and conditions to understand how things like playthrough requirements and percentage matches and other restrictions may affect your ability to cash out your bonus funds.
An opt-in bonus requires the player to take some proactive action in their account for it to activate. This may involve following a link in an email offer or responding to a pop-up while playing.
A pay line is any line in a slot that gives you money if you get winning symbols across it. “Bonus” or “wild” symbols across a pay line may give you free spins or put you in the bonus round in some games.
Casinos sometimes offer a bonus for using a specific payment method to fund your account. This is often due to a direct relationship between the casino and one particular e-wallet service.
A type of deposit bonus that offers a specific percentage of the deposit amount in free play. These can go over or under 100%, though 50% is generally the smallest amount you'll see.
Some slot machine bonus rounds will give you the option of choosing certain tiles or doors, but in some cases, the bonus you're going to get is already predetermined and your choices don't actually matter. The only way to tell for sure is if the regulations governing that particular casino require that the results not be predetermined.
Progressive jackpots get larger as players make wagers. A portion of each wager is contributed to the jackpot until someone hits it, at which time it reverts to a smaller amount and begins to build up again. A progressive may be tied to one specific game, or a number of different games may feed into it.
Some casinos will pay out a bonus when you refer a friend. You'll get a unique referral ID that is put into a link for your friends to follow to the sign-up page. You can either send them the link manually, or some casinos will generate a referral email to them for you. These rarely pay out simply for getting the friend to open an account, however; they'll most likely have to meet certain deposit and play thresholds before you get a referral bonus.
This is a type of bonus that applies only after your initial deposit. When you reload your account with fresh money, some casinos will offer you a percentage bonus that is usually somewhere in the area of 10%. These can be either an ongoing permanent bonus or a temporary promotion, and the amount may increase with your status in the casino's loyalty program.
With reload bonus rewards, the biggest bonus is the initial deposit, but a lot of casinos give smaller bonus every time more funds are deposited. This is usually a free play bonus equal to between 5% to 25% of the deposit. Since the amount is smaller, wagering requirements to withdraw winnings from this free play are smaller. Some casinos don't set any minimum requirements at all.
A special promotion is usually a one-time offer. The casino may offer this to all players during a limited window, or may only make the offer by email to members of their loyalty program.
“Sticky” means that you get to keep any winnings from the bonus, but you can't keep or cash out the bonus amount itself. It's the basic principle by which free play works.
A timed bonus will allow the player to basically have unlimited free play for a fixed amount of time, often one hour or so. Various limitations are placed on these promotions to keep every player who comes along from cleaning out the house. They will often require that some amount of the free wagers be covered by any winnings, for example, or they may not allow you to withdraw winnings until you have made additional wagers after the timed promotion period is up.
This is a bonus given as a welcoming gift when a player signs up. It may be contingent upon making an initial deposit of a certain amount. These bonuses also usually have a limited shelf life, often they must be used within 24 hours or they will be forfeited. The most common bonus of this nature is an amount of free play matched to the deposit amount.
An alternate term for a welcome bonus. As it's very rare to see a welcome bonus presented in actual cash, it's also relatively rare to see casinos use this term. If they do, expect they are referring to free play rather than actual free money deposited to your account.
Welcome bonuses are the most common incentive. The player receives a reward for the first deposit made to an account. It's usually an amount of free play matched to the deposit, with a multiplier of up to 4x attached.
But welcome bonuses usually entail significant wagering requirements before any winnings can be recouped. This policy keeps players from site hoping just to take advantage of the initial bonus. It is overly restrictive to players who only want to wager a small total amount, but it can be a very effective tool for players who make a large initial deposit and then wager a significant amount of money within the first 24 to 48 hours; the standard time limit before any free play from the welcome bonus is forfeited.
Still, a large single wager is not always advantageous because it’s the total amount of money played that lends significance to the minimum wagering requirements. The best odds come from making smaller wagers more often. When it comes to slots, one enjoys the best odds by playing the maximum amount of coins, focusing on machines that have smaller pay lines and wagering higher amounts on each line.
Slot players have less to worry about in this area than players of other games, as long as they're playing at a reputable and certified casino with a good reputation. Online casinos generally want to encourage slot play, as they see it as one of the games that cannot be exploited by betting systems. Still, it's important to carefully check bonus terms, and also to understand how slot bonus games work.
So how do you know if a bonus is a scam? The first thing to verify is that the terms don't actually put you at a disadvantage. If you can't verify this, it's probably best not to risk accepting the bonus.
Do the games you plan on playing contribute 100% to the cashout requirement? Most slots usually contribute 100%, but multi-spin video slots that offer better odds sometimes only contribute 20-25% of each wager.
Do you plan to wager enough money within the bonus window (usually 24 hours) to meet the cashout requirement?
Slot bonus policies can vary wildly from one casino to the next. Ideally, online casinos would post a clear link to their policy on their main page, but you'll find this is rarely the case. The most common place to find a link to the bonus policy is on a casino's FAQ page, but many have them buried too deeply to find.
There's a great trick for finding a casino's bonus policy, however: go to Google, type in “site:(URL of the casino)” followed by “bonus policy.” This should bring up a direct link to their bonus policy within the first two or three results. So, for example, to find the Caesars Casino bonus policy you would type in “site:www.caesarscasino.com bonus policy”.
A casino usually considers it “abuse” of the bonus if the player does the absolute minimum required to cash out and does not engage in further play.
Winnings from the bonus may be deposited into a separate bonus account. A good bonus policy should list any maximum amount as well as the cash out minimum.
This is the percentage amount that wagers for each game type contribute to the cash out total. These are usually presented in a table format somewhere on the bonus policy page.
With so many types of video slots appearing both in real casinos and online, you'll see land-based casinos using many of the same bonus structures described here. Land-based casinos generally do not offer the same welcome bonuses, however, and of course, the deposit bonus is a non-applicable concept there. Some casinos may offer new players a small amount of Freeplay or free spins, but some instead offer free t-shirts or a deck of cards!
With a full understanding of how slot bonuses work, you can more easily identify the best casinos to play at. Take a look at the bonus offers (along with the bonus policy pages) of some of the top casinos to get an idea of what offer types are trending in the market at present. If you're still not sure which game is right for you, you might also want to learn more about slot pay tables and how they vary between individual games.
Luxury Cleaning Schedule Template- Pleasant to help my personal website, in this time period We’ll demonstrate about Cleaning Schedule Template. Now, this is actually the primary picture:
What about picture preceding? is actually that amazing???. if you feel thus, I’l m provide you with many picture again underneath:
So, if you desire to receive all these awesome graphics regarding (Luxury Cleaning Schedule Template), simply click save icon to save the shots for your laptop. They’re available for download, if you like and wish to obtain it, click save symbol on the web page, and it’ll be immediately downloaded in your laptop. At last if you need to receive new and the latest image related with (Luxury Cleaning Schedule Template), please follow us on google plus or book mark this page, we attempt our best to provide regular up grade with fresh and new pictures. We do hope you love keeping here. For some updates and latest information about (Luxury Cleaning Schedule Template) graphics, please kindly follow us on twitter, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We try to provide you with update periodically with fresh and new graphics, love your surfing, and find the ideal for you.
Here you are at our site, articleabove (Luxury Cleaning Schedule Template) published by at . Today we are pleased to declare we have found an extremelyinteresting contentto be reviewed, that is (Luxury Cleaning Schedule Template) Many individuals trying to find specifics of(Luxury Cleaning Schedule Template) and definitely one of them is you, is not it?
Beautiful High School Report Card Template- Welcome to my own weblog, within this period We’ll explain to you regarding High School Report Card Template. And from now on, here is the 1st graphic:
high school student report card template new high school report card from High School Report Card Template, source:designerplanet.org
preschool progress report cards childcare pinterest pdf from High School Report Card Template, source:pinterest.com
What about graphic previously mentioned? is of which amazing???. if you think maybe and so, I’l t demonstrate several picture once more under:
high school student report card template new preschool progress from High School Report Card Template, source:cjbuilders.info
preschool weekly report template unique high school report card from High School Report Card Template, source:sortapundit.com
homeschool middle school report card template new homeschool report from High School Report Card Template, source:surlespasdedartagnan.com
So, if you wish to have all these fantastic graphics regarding (Beautiful High School Report Card Template), just click save link to download the shots in your personal pc. They’re available for down load, if you’d rather and want to own it, simply click save badge in the article, and it’ll be instantly downloaded to your desktop computer. At last in order to grab new and the recent picture related to (Beautiful High School Report Card Template), please follow us on google plus or book mark this blog, we try our best to offer you regular up grade with all new and fresh pictures. We do hope you enjoy staying right here. For many upgrades and latest news about (Beautiful High School Report Card Template) photos, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We try to give you update periodically with all new and fresh pictures, like your browsing, and find the right for you.
Here you are at our website, contentabove (Beautiful High School Report Card Template) published by at . At this time we are delighted to declare that we have found an extremelyinteresting nicheto be reviewed, that is (Beautiful High School Report Card Template) Many people looking for info about(Beautiful High School Report Card Template) and certainly one of these is you, is not it?
From advertising copy to blogging and music journalism, Evan is mastering the art of building awareness.
From blues and jazz to hip-hop and rock, Chicago has always had its own spin on music, and there are plenty of places to take in the Windy City’s unique musical stylings. Checking out one of the many concerts in Chicago on any given night is easily one of the best ways to get to know the city’s people and its spirit — it’s just a matter of knowing where to go. Here are some great places to start.
If you’re looking for a historic Chicago experience you won’t forget, take a punk page from some of the local venues and what they represent.
There’s no dating when it comes to your ink — tattoos are a commitment from the start. Luckily, Chicago has a concentration of fantastic tattoo artists with incredible style.
There are many good reasons why Chicago is called the Blues Capital of the World. There’s the annual Chicago Blues Festival, for one, along with the city’s long history of blues greats dating back to the 1940’s.
Setting up a Facebook Page for your business, but don’t know where to start? Running a promotion and want to know best practices? The Definitive Guide to Facebook for Business has been read thousands of times and provides comprehensive information you need to get on the road to a useful and effective Facebook Page.
Communities are our hubs for connecting with others, and brands, especially smaller niche brands like nonprofits and local organizations, have a real opportunity to be the framework for which these co...
While it may be uncomfortable for businesses, the most influential messages about them come from sources they have the least control over. The only messages people trust more than unsolicited customer...
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing without changing your cookie settings, we assume you agree to this.
Your possession of your ticket and/or your presentation of your Ticket to gain entry to any or all days (as applicable based on whether this is a weekend or day ticket) of the 2018 Wychwood Music Festival (the “Event”) at the Cheltenham Race Course (the “Venue”) constitutes acceptance of the terms and conditions upon which Tribe Festivals Limited (the “Owner”) is prepared to grant entry, as follows:
The Ticket is a personal revocable license which shall at all times be subject to the Terms and Conditions on the Ticket and to our full and additional Terms and Conditions.
The Ticket may not be transferred, sold, offered for sale, coupled or bundled with any other product or service, or used for any commercial or promotional purposes whatsoever, without the express and specific (quoting the ticket numbers covered) prior written consent of the Owner.
It is the bearer (on behalf of yourself and all accompanied minors or disabled persons – collectively “You” and “Your”) of the Ticket’s responsibility to check the Ticket prior to the Event and contact your ticket seller immediately if there is a problem as mistakes may not be rectified at the Event.
The Owner reserves the right to add, withdraw, substitute, alter or vary any of the artistes, groups, performers, activities and/or workshops and/or to vary the advertised programme timings or days of performance or presentation at any time and without prior notice and there will be no refund of money, exchange of tickets or compensation of any amount or kind whatsoever payable by the Owner or any other party.
Save for the cancellation of the Event, under no circumstances shall there be any refunds or exchanges in respect of Tickets purchased. In the case of the entire Event being cancelled, refunds shall only be in an amount equal to the face value of the Ticket plus the per ticket booking fee and can only be obtained by You from the Authorised ticket seller from whom the Ticket was purchased and only then in conformity with that ticket seller’s regulations, conditions and policies concerning refunds.
Please keep your Ticket safe and in good condition as a duplicate ticket will not be issued if it is lost or stolen and a defaced or illegible ticket or those missing stubs or any other part of the Ticket will not be accepted and will be deemed invalidated.
The Owner (and his agents, employees, shareholders, officers, director, servants, and other invitees, guests and contractors – collectively “We” and “Our”) reserve the right to refuse You entry to and/or eject You from the Event and the Festival Village, the parking lots used for the Event and the Campsite, in all reasonable circumstances including, without limitation, for health and safety or licensing reasons; if You behave in a manner which has or is likely to affect the enjoyment of other persons at the Event (including, without limitation, anywhere within the Festival Village or the parking lots used for the Event or the Campsite); if You use threatening, abusive or insulting words or mannerisms; if Your behaviour may cause damage, injury, nuisance or annoyance; if in Our reasonable opinion You are acting under the influence of alcohol or drugs; if You fail, when required to produce proof of identity or age or status; if You breach any of these Terms and Conditions; if you breach any of the Terms and Conditions of the Venue which apply to the use of the Venue by the Event; if Your Ticket is void; or if You fail to promptly comply with any and all instructions given to You by Our staff, stewards or agents.
We reserve the right to conduct security searches from time to time and to refuse admission to You, or eject You, from the Event (and the Festival Village, the car parks used for the Event and the Campsite) should You refuse to comply with such security searches and such security searches can also be used to ensure compliance with the Our Terms and Conditions and Our Rules and Regulations – including, without limitation, the prohibition on bring any alcoholic beverages or glass bottles of any kind anywhere in the Festival Village. We reserve the right to confiscate any item or to refuse You admission to or eject you from the Event and the Festival Village, the car parks used for the Event and the Campsite, if such item is or may, in Our reasonable opinion, cause danger or disruption to any other person at the Event (including, without limitation, animals, laser pens, alcohol, glass, items which may be regarded as weapons, and/or illegal substances).
By attending the Event, You give Your express consent to Your actual or simulated likeness to be included within any film, photograph, audio and/or audiovisual recording to be exploited in any and all media for any and all purposes at any time through the world. This includes, without limitation,filming or recordings by the police or Festival security.
The use of photographic equipment is allowed for private domestic purposes only – but photographic, video or audio reproduction of artistes is prohibited. All other recording and any transmission is prohibited including, without limitation, recording of any data, information or results of or relating to the Event and/or any participant
Under all circumstances (including, without limitation, the cancellation of all or part of the Event), personal arrangements including travel, subsistence and accommodation relating to the Event which have been arranged by you are totally at your own risk.
In the interests of public safety, We reserve the right to request You to leave the Event and/or the Festival Village and/or the parking lots used for the Event and/or the Campsite at any time for safety reasons and immediately after the end of the Event (although the Campsite will remain open until 12 Noon on Monday). No admission or re-admission is permitted after the end of the Event.
We are not responsible or liable to You for any loss, injury, theft or damage whatsoever and howsoever caused (although Your statutory rights are not affected) to your person, your personal belongings or your vehicle occurring anywhere at the Event including, without limitation, in the Festival Village, in the car parks used for the Event, in the areas surrounding the Event and/or in theCampsite, and/or whether from your person, belongings, vehicles, caravans, tents, trailers, campervans, and/or at any of the facilities at the Event (including, without limitation, Event tents or structures, showers and toilets).
All vehicles parked anywhere at the Event (including, without limitation, the Festival Village, the car parks used for the Event, the surrounding areas of the Event and the Campsite) and all items in Your vehicles are parked and left at owner’s and Your sole risk.
We do not sell youth or children’s tickets separately – all under 18’s must be accompanied by an adult holding a fully paid Ticket. Unaccompanied children/youth will not be admitted.
Concession tickets are for Students, ES40, 16-18 year olds, and over 60s, and those with Disabilities (if you do not require the 2 for 1 Disabled ticket). In order to purchase any such tickets and for admission to the Event you must provide proof of status both at the time of purchase of the Ticket and on entry (and each re-entry if applicable) to the Event.
If you obtain a Ticket in breach of these Terms and Conditions and/or if you breach any of these Terms and Conditions then said Ticket shall be void, and all rights conferred on You or evidenced by such Ticket shall be void. If You seek to gain entry to the Event using a void Ticket, then We reserve the right to refuse you admission to the Event and/or to eject You from the Event and You may be liable to legal action for trespass and fraudulently obtaining or attempting to obtain services. Void tickets are totally non-refundable.
We may prosecute you if you cause damage to the Venue, the Venue infrastructure, any part of the Festival Village, the parking lots used for the Event and/or the Campsite, or cause harm or loss to any other person or their belongings at the Event.
No unauthorised trading is permitted within or at the Event including anywhere within the Festival Village, the parking lots used for the Event or the Campsite.
All Tickets are security printed and should only be purchased directly from the Owner or through an Authorised ticket agency (please see the official Wychwood Music Festival website for a list of Authorised tickets sellers). Any attempt to present any other ticket may lead to refusal of admission and possible prosecution.
LIVE IT is a technology partner providing ticket fulfilment services and is not an agent for this event or affiliated with its organizers in any way.
Jim Powers is the CEO of CJC Event Lighting, a professional lighting and production company based in Massachusetts. Jim has over 25 years experience in the wedding industry, and has been heavily involved in Electrical Engineering, Music & Sound Production and Theatrical Lighting for much longer than he would like to admit and his age would suggest.
CJC Event Lighting specializes in Wedding and Event Lighting in Massachusetts, Connecticut, Boston, and all of New England. CJC Event Lighting transforms your event space using professional theatrical lighting equipment setup and operated by experienced theatrical lighting designers.
All images on this website are of Lighting Designs conceived and implemented by Jim Powers and CJC Event Lighting. All images were taken by CJC Event Lighting unless otherwise noted and are the copyrighted property of Jim Powers. No usage is allowed without express written consent from Jim Powers
The Center for Global Dialogue(CGD)at the School of Advanced Studies (SAS) organized a conversation with Ziauddin Sardar, widely acclaimed intellectual and ‘critical? polymath’ on Monday, February 23, 2015. Ziauddin Sardar is Chair of the Muslim Institute and editor of Critical Muslim. He is also the Director of the Center of Post normal Policy and Futures Studies. Formerly Editor of Futures (1999-2012), he is now consulting editor ?of Futures. Sardar in his enlightening and thought provoking discourse highlighted the dilemma and confusion of present day Muslims. He defined the present era as post-normal times where nothing stands still, change is accelerated to a great extent; where societies are network societies. Muslims are at the edge of chaos and in this situation Critical Engagement is necessary. This critical engagement demands not only to look into our relation with other Muslims but also to look forward for an alternative future of the Muslims.
Note: Comments are moderated. They will only be posted if they are relevant to the topic and contribute to the discussion. They will not be published if they include abusive or unethical content, personal attacks, profanity, suspicious links or spam.
Nanny Lillian Porter doesn't believe the dark rumors about her new employer. She feels called to help the Coltons, especially young Jimmy, who hasn't spoken since his mother's death. But when dangerous incidents begin to plague the farm, will they find the truth in time to prevent another tragedy?
There you go. Note from this professional writer: I’ll talk to this person about their use of apostrophes. But other than that, this meme hits the bull’s eye.
That’s the story, right there. We’re not looking for high-fives or admiration or glowing reviews from our friends when we step out on the town in a great outfit. We know that. When we lace up our running shoes…or pack our spinning outfit in a gym bag and take it with us so that we’re prepared to get to the gym…or plan out healthy meals for the week…or go to sleep at a reasonable hour and lock the electronics in another room…or (gasp) leave work at a reasonable hour so that we can take care of our families and our most important relationships…we’re not showing off. We’re saving our lives.
Here’s one of the most popular recent posts at Every48 for this Throwback Thursday: a riff on the real connection between exercise and weight loss. The big takeaway: both exercise and nutrition matter when it comes to improving our health – and they feed off each other, literally. The Exercise/Food/Weight Loss Connection: It’s bigger than…
You may have noticed by now that I am a Science Type. (I tried writing Science Girl, Science Chick, and Science Nerd there, but none of those monikers felt right. I’m a woman, not a girl; I don’t think women and birds have a ton in common; and “nerd” just reminds me of, oh, I…
Guilty as charged. I have neglected the strength-training portion of the program for a while now. Runners, by definition, are aerobic creatures. We like to have our hearts pounding and sweat pouring down our faces. It’s hard. It’s fun. And we feel kind of awesome afterwards. So when my knee turned up sort of unhappy…
At least, that’s what I’m telling myself today. Here’s one of the little secrets of weight loss: it really, really helps when your primary exercise is long-distance running. That sport burns energy like nobody’s business. I’ve been at my leanest when I was in the throes of major-league race training. And today, I can’t run…
This meme needs no introduction, and no explanation. It’s just rockin’ awesome. Have a great Friday – and of course, a badass workout. See you next week. Recent #Every48 workouts: An unexpected rest day on Wednesday (I was a wuss…that is all). Made up for it Thursday with a great indoor BIKE ride – 55…
This post is from February 2014 – when the blog was just a mere 30 posts or so. It’s one of the most important lessons I’ve learned in the time since really devoting myself to getting healthy. I liken it to building a successful business. Nothing happens overnight – and the initial excitement quickly gives…
So, according to a dear friend who posted this idea to my Facebook account yesterday after I bemusedly commented on the fact that the Bum Knee Post from Monday attracted more readers in a single day than any other post for at least the last month…I have some content here that appears to be “age-appropriate.” For…
The WOW (workout of the week) is here. And this week, it’s a swim. So it turns out that when your meniscus is an unhappy camper, swimming is A-OK. Even kicking. Just to be safe, though, I did a workout on Thursday using a pull buoy between my legs, which does a couple of things….
It had to happen eventually. After a lifetime of running (sometimes at a wildly inappropriate weight for the kind of stress that knees take on a regular basis with all that pounding), I finished my ten-miler last Sunday afternoon and felt…something. No pops, tears, or trauma. Just…something that wasn’t right. So I called the nurse…
From Twyla Tharp’s amazing and inspirational book, The Creative Habit: I’m starting to get very excited about delving into the lives of creative people who know how to get things done. At a recent coffee with a friend-of-a-friend who has started and funded several companies, I was reminded of just how much of getting what…
Jim Carrey is a great comedian and an even better commencement speaker. I loved this talk so much the first time around, I’m sharing it again today on Throwback Thursday at Every48. Enjoy. A funny guy on a serious subject [First published on June 16, 2014.] It’s Inspiration Week at Every48. As I gear up for…
It’s Science Wednesday at Every48 – my once-a-week opportunity to share with you study findings, thoughts from big thinkers, or other literature in the big wide world of exercise and health science to learn more about what actually happens to our bodies when we live an active life. Today’s installment comes from the world of…
Dishwasher Pete (real name: Pete Jensen) is a dishwasher, writer, zine publisher and radio personality.
Pete's goal in life is to wash dishes in every state in America. He then chronicles his journey in his zine Dishwasher. He has been working towards this goal for several years. He still hasn't finished because he tries to stay at least until he gets his first paycheck, and he's taking his time reaching his goal.
I first came across Pete on the public radio program This American Life. He was reading a story from Dishwasher in which he and a friend (Jess) con the staff of The Late Show with David Letterman. They convince Letterman's producers that Jess is Pete and have him appear on the show while the real Pete watches from backstage.
I have since purchased issues of Dishwasher, and they are well worth the money ($1). The writing is great; it's always funny and usually ponders the philosophical nature of washing dishes.
Everything2 ™ is brought to you by Everything2 Media, LLC. All content copyright © original author unless stated otherwise.
A movie by Don McKellar, came out in Canada in 1998, in England (where I saw it twice, despite the high cost of movies,) in mid-1999, and in the U.S. in late 1999. It concerns the last six hours before the world ends, and how various people deal with it. Stars Don McKellar, Sandra Oh, Sarah Polley, and David Cronenburg, among others.
Let's remove some sports from the Olympics Sitting on the back porch, smoking cigarettes and waiting for the apocalypse Don McKellar The Strokes
Where the dreams and the dogs meet She's Gone Dream Log: October 27, 2006 Dream Log: November 2, 2004
The student who pronounces the salutatory oration at the annual Commencement or like exercises of a college, -- an honor commonly assigned to that member of the graduating class who ranks second in scholarship.
The King of Torts Blair Hornstine There is nothing left for me there, except for all that I left behind middle college
Tempstar Staffing provides great office/professional positions as well as industrial and skilled trades jobs from our four offices in York, Hanover, Lancaster and Reading, PA. Learn more about the Tempstar Advantage and let us take you to the next level in your career.
Estimates suggest that prospective employers will spend between 10 seconds and two minutes looking at your resume before deciding whether or not they want to interview you. Make sure your resume grabs their attention and demands a second look. Suggestions include:
Remember that a resume is only a summary, not a full-blown account of your every career move. Keep it brief – three pages is more than enough detail.
Include basic information (such as full name, address, telephone number and other contact details) on the top of the first page.
Then, list your employment history, once again starting from the most recent. Include position, company and length of employment.
For each previous job, only list pertinent and interesting details. Don’t just retype your job description – write about your accomplishments.
Include specific information if you can. Use numbers and figures. For example, instead of saying ‘raised funds for projects’, put ‘raised over $100,000 per annum’; rather than ‘supervisory position’, write ‘supervision of 25 people’.
Explain any gaps in employment history, if you have them. For example, you may have taken time off to travel or further your education.
Include any other skills that may be relevant such as first aid training, a forklift licence or typing ability.
Avoid using gags or novelty tactics to flag attention to your resume. Always type your resume on white A4 paper, and don’t include little gifts or send your resume in unusual packaging. These tactics are just annoying.
Attach a short, to-the-point and professional cover letter. Include a summary paragraph to sell your experience and qualifications.
4 5 about ask award best career central coast central coast council council deal development do employment get growth help how I job Job Seeker jobs on the central coast jobs on the coast leaders life make most need new people plan resume should signs successful things ways weekly update when why with work you your youth
The West Bengal Power Development Corporation Limited (WBPDCL), a Government of West Bengal Enterprise, engaged in the business of Generation of Electricity in the State of West Bengal, invites
applications from Indian Nationals to fill-up the following positions for its Corporate Office and Power Stations / Projects located at different places across West Bengal
Last date for accepting registration slips with required documents by post: 13th September 2013, till 5:30 pm.
Eligible candidates will be required to apply online only (on the internet) through the link ‘APPLY ONLINE’ on The WBPDCL website: www.wbpdcl.co.in. No other mode of application shall be accepted.
APPLICATION FEE & MODE OF PAYMENT: General and OBC candidates are required to deposit a non-refundable Application Fee of Rs. 300/- (Rupees Three Hundred only). SC / ST / EC / Contractors’ workers / Departmental candidates are exempted form deposition of Application Fees. The application fee is to be deposited through Demand Draft/Bankers Cheque drawn in favour of ‘THE WEST BENGAL POWER DEVELOPMENT CORPORATION LIMITED’ payable at Kolkata. Candidates are mandatorily required to mention their name, system generated registration no. and position applied for at the reverse of the demand draft / bankers cheque.
Qantas is now flying daily direct on the Perth – London route and people are making the most of the new service to take some time out and explore Western Australia.
For Australian passengers travelling to or from other parts of the country on the direct route, Qantas is offering a Perth stopover with no additional stopover fee, depending on fare type.
Only an hour south of the capital by train or car, Mandurah and the Peel Region showcases the best of everything that WA is renowned for including stunning beaches and waterways, unrivalled seafood, world-recognised golf courses, spectacular views, history and culture, wineries, breweries, shopping and adventure.
Mandurah is Western Australia’s largest and fastest growing regional city and is set against a backdrop of magnificent beaches and an estuary twice the size of Sydney Harbour.
It has recently been named Western Australia’s Top Tourism Town and is the perfect base to take day trips to explore the wider Peel Region. In an easy half hour drive you’ll find beautiful wineries, breweries, winding waterways, rolling green hills and tiny timber towns nestled in the forest.
Mandurah and the Peel Region is home to one of Australia’s healthiest dolphin populations which you spot on a dolphin cruise or while dining in one of the many waterfront restaurants.
Seafood lovers will rejoice in the number of dining options available from the great Mandurah tradition of a picnic fish and chips on the newly refurbished foreshore to ‘catch and cook’ cruises featuring blue manna crabs, native to Mandurah waters, and rock lobster.
Mandurah boasts Western Australia’s own modern Venice, with a network of canals featuring luxury homes. You can hire a boat and cruise them yourself or join an organised tour.
If it’s a holiday with a difference you’re after, Mandurah is the only place near Perth you can hire a houseboat. Completely unwind and take in the views while slowly meandering down the Murray River or Peel-Harvey-Estuary for days at a time.
Mandurah is less than an hour south of Perth. When driving, travel the Kwinana freeway south, easily accessible from many points in Perth, and exit at Mandjoogoordap Drive. Trains and buses operate between the two cities and depart from the Perth city centre. www.transperth.wa.gov.au
Mandurah and the Peel Region has a range of accommodation to suit all tastes and budgets. There is a choice of resort hotels, caravan and camping facilities, charming bed and breakfast accommodation, self-contained apartments, forest cabins and even houseboats for hire.
Buses operate around Mandurah, but if you want to explore the Peel Region extensively you can hire a car or join a tour. Taxis and Uber drivers are also available in Mandurah.
The Peel Region can be visited any time of the year. Being on the coast, it’s spectacular in spring and in summer. But during winter, the scenery is amazing. You can find something to do all year around.
Pender County Emergency Director Tom Collins said he also believed a malfunctioning water heater caused a gunfire noise and that the sheriff's office is expected to hold a news conference soon.
Live footage shows numerous law enforcement agencies now at the school where the scene remains active.
At Devoxx UK last week it was announced that next year in March there will be a new addition to the Devoxx family: Devoxx US.
Of course you will find more details about this conference on the events page as soon as the CFP opens.
Generate XML data from an existing binary file, and back. In combination with the XML form editor, we can edit binary file using HTML form. In combination with the XML form editor, we can edit binary file using HTML form. Here we gives some examples of schema that can be used in the conversion. Ah, the age-old problem (well, at least since XML was invented) is how to embed binary data in XML? Never mind why; metaphysics is outside the scope of this.
12 Feb Overview. When performing batch conversion of assets using the RC (see parent article) you can choose to perform XML conversion to binary. Online tool to Convert Binary to String and Save and Share. Various binary formats have been proposed as compact representations for XML (Extensible of standard XML is insufficient, but the ability to convert the document to and from a form (XML) which is easily viewed and edited is valued.
Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25 - This particular image (Worksheet with Algebra Tiles Gallery Worksheet with Algebra Tiles Save the Integers Number Lines From 25) above can be posted with 2018-06-06 05:12:05. A great Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25 comprises two principal pieces. A narrative followed closely by a string of financial worksheets. The story portion of the Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25 borrows all of the important points and also the strategy of the small business program and is further split and divided into various sections. It is highly recommended that you simply concentrate on making a Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25 in a systematic approach to avoid missing on the inclusion of important facts and things. Assessing the problem the way to exactly to make a Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25 begins by the understanding that the first step is the creation of a tough draft, even at which you end up with a set of notes on each and every every topic of this template. The very next thing to do is to utilize such points and then edit them to create a expert storyline which features a smooth stream. The objective of producing the template isn't to speed up the process of establishing the last business report but believing about your organization in an intelligent, intelligent and moving fashion. While moving right through the various information and ideas, you slowly get involved in looking at ideas and business models in an even far more serious way. Though the procedure could initially seem to be a waste of time, the process of fabricating the template has the capacity to avoid a inadequate decision that may end up being quite a disaster in the lengthy run, if not properly dealt upfront.
There was just a generic template that is available for many sorts of businesses. To create a Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25, you need to alter the standard template which is ideal for your marketplace and company. The style of producing, the total organization and also the demonstration of these notions will be that which makes a very good Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25. Establishing a template requires a substantial sum of analysis, rethinking and planning. Step by step notes regarding the sources of information and also the inherent assumptions that support the financial information and information has to be kept attentively for quick and straightforward reference as and when required. To get a Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25 generally begins with the name and also the specifics of the proprietors of this strategy. That is followed by means of a table of materials which constitutes a executive summary, a general outline of the organization, the services and products the business provides, the advertising plan, the operational strategy, and also the organizational and management arrangements. These factors finish the storyline region of the business enterprise template. The fiscal portion of the template must have a fiscal statement, startup costs along with capitalization details, and also a whole fiscal plan which encircles the aims of the provider.
The answer to the best way to generate a Worksheet With Algebra Tiles Save The Integers Number Lines From 25 is always to create an organizational arrangement that may make it possible for a institution to present its own assets , ideas, strategies and goals within record form so a reader is going to be lead to the desirable conclusion. Related Post
Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles - This specific picture (Worksheet with Algebra Tiles Image Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles) over can be placed with 2018-06-06 05:12:05. A very good Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles comprises two principal pieces. An story followed by means of a run of fiscal modalities. The story part of this Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles embodies all the details and also the strategy of the business plan and is further divided and subdivided in to various sections. It is strongly advised that you simply concentrate on generating a Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles in a systematic way to stop from missing on the addition of major information and tips. Figuring out the challenge of how exactly to earn a Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles begins from the realization that first step would be the inception of the tough draft, where you get a set of notes each and every every matter of the template. The very next thing to do is always to utilize these things and then edit them to produce a expert story that includes a smooth flow. The role of creating the template is not to hasten the process of establishing the final small business report but thinking about your business within an intelligent, sensible and likely manner. While going right through the many facts and ideas, you little by little get involved in looking at ideas and enterprise units in an even far more serious way. Though this procedure may initially seem to be an waste of time, the practice of fabricating the template additionally has got the capability to protect against a bad decision which could prove to be quite a tragedy in the very long haul, though not correctly dealt upfront.
That was just a generic template that can be found for all types of organizations. To make a Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles, then you will need to alter the standard template which is fit for your industry and business. The type of writing, the general company and the demonstration of the notions is that which creates a excellent Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles. Establishing a template consists of a considerable quantity of investigation, re thinking along with preparation. Detailed notes about the sources of information and also the underlying assumptions that support that the fiscal data and data must be retained carefully for fast and straightforward reference as and when required. To make a Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles usually begins with the title and the specifics of the proprietors of the strategy. This is followed closely by means of a table of stuff which comprises an executive summary, a general description of the organization, the merchandise and services the provider offers, the marketing plan, the functional approach, and the organizational and management structures. These components finish the narrative part of the company template. The monetary portion of the template must incorporate a fiscal statement, startup expenses and capitalization information, and a whole financial plan which encompasses the aims of the provider.
The response to the way to create a Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Beautiful 7th Grade Algebra Tiles would be to create an organizational structure that will permit a company to introduce its resources , ideas, strategies and goals in record form so that a reader is going to be lead to this desirable completion. Related Post
Prohibition is incorporated in the Constitution of India among the directive principles of state policy. Article 47 says: “The state shall regard the raising of the level of nutrition… Continue reading →
“Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances.”
Select Month January 2016 (1) September 2014 (1) July 2014 (1) May 2014 (32) April 2014 (2) August 2013 (4) September 2012 (39) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (2) May 2012 (1) April 2012 (7) March 2012 (19)
GlacialTech Inc., a diversified provider of cooling, power supply and PC enclosure solutions and also a unique business management solution for PC components, has rolled out its latestV-Shield Series VF Laptop Cooling Pad. The VF cooling pad is particularly made for better heat dissipation and balance between performance and silence.
V-Shield series VF laptop cooling pad features a high performance ultra-quiet 180mm fan and a large cooling vent, which helps to blow out the heat of the laptop and let it be at nominal temperature. It increases the life of the laptop and hence boosts the performance of the notebooks. The VF cooling pad provides the excellent balance between performance and silence; it does not make any harsh sound and works smoothly.
V-Shield series VF cooling pad offers an expandable USB which allows the product to connect to other USB devices. This cooling pad enables the users to carry it anywhere because of its slim and light weight nature (800g) as compared to other cooling pads. VF cooling pad is compatible with all laptops up to 17 inches.
New Delhi, Oct 16 (ANI): Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen passed away. The 65-year-old, who also founded Vulcan Inc, died due to complications arising out...
A social media giant, Facebook on Monday has introduced video chat devices, Portal and Portal+. With these devices from Facebook, one can easily connect with...
Shareit has appointed Karam Malhotra as its India CEO, after acquiring FastFilmz, an OTT platform co-founded by Malhotra. Malhotra will focus on expanding within the Indian market,...
Naresh Padhee Founder & CEO Established in 2014 with a team of passionate professionals with over 100 + years...
Shaifali Agarwal Co-Founder, EASYFix EASYFix as a concept was born in March 2011, but it started its operations...
Dr A S Prasad Head - Product & Marketing,Emerson Network Power, India Historically, Emerson Network Power has been known...
Rohit Aggarwal Founder & CEO, Koenig Solutions Koenig Solutions was founded in 1993 as an India focused IT...
Misheard song lyrics (also called mondegreens) occur when people misunderstand the lyrics in a song. These are NOT intentional rephrasing of lyrics, which is called parody. This page contains all the misheard lyrics for Jethro Tull that have been submitted to this site and the old collection from inthe80s started in 1996. For more information about the misheard lyrics available on this site, please read our FAQ.
Editor's note: This performer is a band, not the first and last name of a solo artist. Therefore, it should be properly sorted under the letter "J".
With the references to Harley-Davidson, sparkplugs and sports cars, vaudeville made no sense in connnection to the rest of the song.
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive the latest offers and product updates! View Privacy Information. Unsubscribe at any time.
Ammunition sales are restricted. You must be over 18 years old and have no local restriction to purchase ammunition.
No Back orders! Our website will only accept orders for products in stock. No need to call and check stock.
Our vision: The Mint's vision is dedicated to delivering excellence... through our customer-driven businesses, our talented people and the value we add to Canada and Canadians. Our values: Our values are honesty, respect, pride & passion. These values reflect the spirit of the Mint and the heart and strength of our culture.
Please no, I am begging you, I can't handle a takeover rumour thread and a transfer rumour thread at the same time, please, wait until the summer.
This. I vote we close this thread until the takeover is wither complete or buried. My nerves can't handle both.
I reckon we will end up with some 33 year old continental player just released from his club and on the wane.
having a rumours thread after having the takeover thread is like shagging a fat ex after you've just been dating a model.
With the takeover thread still active it is more like you are married to a model but are seeing a bariatric octagenarian for sex.
Disqualified for starting too early. This is the thread for anything other than a rumour or speculation and will fill the void that results from the end of the takeover thread.
Looks like Frederic Bulot is out of contract at Tours. I'd love to see him and Igor in our forward line again.
24 year old who has only played 17 games in the last 5 years... seems a very out there signing! Surely must just be a back up to Archer?
Archer has been very hot and cold this season. So much so that I'd say he cost us upwards of 12-15 points in mistakes.
He's filled me with very little confidence this year and I wouldn't be surprised to see an alternative come in, especially as, I believe, Martin's contract is up.
"Kashi has gone...... said his goodbyes after the second leg of the play off. All the loans are looking elsewhere for next season. Konsa looking to move on. The fringe Squad players (home grown) are waiting to see what happens in the next couple of months; possibilities for some to be involved if a takeover continues to drag is what I have been told. None of the team management or players have heard anything definitive about who's in charge next season, of the club or of the first team."
Fine margins. We didn't win away in the first 11 away games of the season but then went unbeaten in 17 games. Archers mistakes saw wins turn to draws and draws turn to losses so, no, no giving over unless you think I'm lying or that it was beyond the realms of possibility.
If you're still doubting me then I suggest you read the match reports from the first half of the season and search for the word 'mistake' or 'error' and let me know what you find.
But that would mean every point you did pick up you more than matched the opposition and deserved every win, you're telling me there's no games you won that in hindsight you we're lucky to do so?
No, I'm telling you that Archers mistakes cost us 12-15 points. That doesn't automatically equate to me not thinking we may have had the rub of the green in others.
The root of the current tree connects the organisms featured in this tree to their containing group and the rest of the Tree of Life. The basal branching point in the tree represents the ancestor of the other groups in the tree. This ancestor diversified over time into several descendent subgroups, which are represented as internal nodes and terminal taxa to the right.
You can click on the root to travel down the Tree of Life all the way to the root of all Life, and you can click on the names of descendent subgroups to travel up the Tree of Life all the way to individual species.
Classification after Cairns (2001). Those genera marked with a cross ( ) are known only from the fossil record, whereas the unmarked genera contain living and, in some cases, fossil species as well.
Dendrophylliids are known from the Early Cretaceous (about 120 million years ago) to the Recent, and are widespread in today's oceans from the North Sea to the Subantarctic, ranging in depths from 0 to 2165 meters. Because most dendrophylliid genera and species do not rely on unicellular, photosyntethic zooxanthellae symbionts, they can live in deep-water environments or cryptic (caves or under ledges) shallow-water habitats that do not receive light. Only a few genera (Turbinaria and Duncanopsammia, and some species of Heteropsammia) contain zooxanthellae in their polyps and consequently manufacture large skeletons that contribute to shallow water reef structure. The remaining genera and species (approximately 149 of the 166 Recent species, 90%) are azooxanthellate. There are an additional 198 exclusively fossil species (Cairns, 2001). The azooxanthellate dendrophylliids range in size from small solitary, interstitial coralla only 5 mm in maximum diameter (e.g., Notophyllia) to large colonies up to a meter in diameter (e.g., Enallopsammia) that, together with similar colonies, contribute to the framework of deep-water coral banks found at depths of 600-800 m in the Straits of Florida (Cairns and Stanley, 1982).
As stated above, dendrophylliids occur as solitary polyps or as colonies of interconnected polyps. Most colonial dendrophylliids are firmly attached to a substrate, probably in order to stabilize their larger mass, but solitary coralla may be attached or free, some on or in a sandy substrate. Two genera (Heteropsammia and Wadeopsammia) have an obligatory symbiosis with a sipunculid worm (Yonge, 1975), which burrows into the base of the solitary corallum and moves the coral from place to place. Some genera (i.e., Endopachys, Eguchipsammia, Balanophyllia) are known to asexually bud smaller coralla from their edges, the parent corallum continuing to increase in size, and one genus (Notophyllia) asexually propagates by transverse division. Six genera are hosts for the galls of ascothoracidan Crustacea (Grygier and Zibrowius, 1985), and two genera are hosts for burrows of acrothoracican cirripeds (Grygier and Newman, 1985; Cairns and Zibrowius, 1997).
Although dendrophylliids are common in the marine environment, they are inconspicuous and therefore are not well known and have not received many common names. However, many of the scientific names of the genera end in the suffix "-psammia", from the Greek psammos (meaning sand), which is an allusion to the fact that the skeletal porosity of all dendrophylliids confers a rough, sandy texture to the touch, like that of fine sandpaper.
The most distinctive feature of the dendrophylliids is their irregularly porous thecal wall, called a synapticulotheca, the pores and tissue lining the pores being continuous from the outside to the inside of the corallum. Some genera also have a thin epitheca that overlays part or all of the synapticulotheca. The septa are also sometimes porous. Otherwise, dendrophylliids are similar to the caryophylliids, having lamellar, smooth-edged septa (minitrabeculate), and a variety of columellar and palar structures. The septa of many, but not all, dendrophylliid genera are arranged according to the so-called Pourtalès plan (Text-Figure), which is not found in any other family. This arrangement results in septa of higher cycles being longer and fusing in front of septa of lower cycles in a distinctive pattern (see Wells, 1956: fig. 239).
Left (top): Composite cross-sectional diagram of a calice illustrating various septal insertion patterns: upper right system with three cycles of septa, upper left system with four cycles, and lower two systems with various stages of development of the Poutralès plan. Numbers refer to cycle to which septa belong (from Cairns, 1994). Right (bottom): Balanophyllia malouinensis: Calicular view of a skeleton collected from Tierra del Fuego (depth 512 m), illustrating the Pourtalès plan of septal arrangement. This species is an example of a solitary, attached dendrophylliid. Greater calicular diameter 12 mm. Copyright © 2002 S. D. Cairns.
A phylogenetic analysis of the 29 dendrophylliid genera was performed by Cairns (2001) based exclusively on gross morphological characters. The tree does not support the separation of the family into two subfamilies, but does aggregate those genera having a solitary corallum from those that are colonial. Furthermore, the colonial genera are divided into three clades: one having quasicolonial branching; a second having arborescent branching; and a third having non-arborescent colonies. Cairns (2001) considered this to be a poorly supported phylogenetic hypothesis and recommended farther study using characteristics of the soft parts and molecular sequencing, when possible.
The monophyly of this family is well supported by 16S mtDNA sequences (Romano and Cairns, 2000), which unites all six dendrophylliid genera tested as a clade. Other published molecular analyses also place the dendrophylliid genera in a separate clade (Romano and Palumbi, 1996; Veron, et al., 1996).
Cairns, S. D. 1979. The deep-water Scleractinia of the Caribbean Sea and adjacent waters. Studies on the Fauna of Curaçao and other Caribbean Islands, 57: 341 pp.
Cairns, S. D. and S. A. Parker. 1992. Review of the Recent Scleractinia (Stony Corals) of South Australia, Victoria and Tasmania. Records of the South Australian Museum, Monograph Series, 3: 82 pp.
The Dubuque Marina has access to over 26 miles of cruising in pool 12 of the Mississippi River with numerous sand beaches and shallow water wading and swimming areas for the whole family. There is a bike/walking path onsite that runs all along the main channel and backwaters of the river and marina. Enjoy climate controlled dining at the famous Yardarm Bar & Grill where there is regularly scheduled live music and entertainment and 3 fully stocked bars, including our awesome new Tiki Bar!
We have a gas dock and pump-out facilities , transient dockage , a campground with 13 camping sites available for seasonal or overnight rental, climate controlled shower facilities for men and women, 30/50 amp electrical power that is included in slip or site fees, a coin-operated laundry facility, water (included in slip and site fees), onsite mechanic & repair services, well lit parking, trash service (also included in slip/site fee), and marine brokerage and consignment service on location. We are only a 5 minute walk to the 8 acre A.Y. McDonald Park that has a large play structure, a bike path, picnic tables, and lovely river views. We are only 1.7 miles to the Mystic Casino and there is a bike/walking path that will take you directly there from the Marina should you choose to walk or ride there. We are 3.4 miles from the Diamond Jo Casino and 3 miles to historic downtown Dubuque.
Guys in Sweatpants released a hot new scene today. Brandon Evans and Forest are two of our newer studs, and quite possibly a couple of our best versatile ones yet. We’ve seen Brandon top and then get creampied, but now it’s Forest ‘s turn to breed a nice hole. After some working out at the park, they worked each other out back in the bedroom. Forest said he couldn’t stop fucking
Amateur Anal Anal-Sex Anal sex Ass fucking Bareback Big-cock Big-cocks Big-dick Big-dicks Big dicks hard cocks Big dicks hung Black Blowjob Blowjobs Celebs Cum Cumshot Cute butts Fucking Gay porn Hairy Helix-studios Hung Hunk Hunks Interracial Jerking Off Jocks Latino Men-com Muscle Muscles Oral Oral sex Raw Rimming Solo Staxus Straight Threesome Twink Twinks Uncut Underwear
Favorites is where you store your favorite ranches. Find a ranch you like on the website and add it to your favorites. Find more then one ranch and you can do side by side comparisons. Give it a try!
Do you want to explore the back country mountains, lakes, streams and wildlife but do not necessarily want to do it all by hiking? Do you want to enjoy some peace and quiet, a break from all the noises of the world and day to day life? How about create memories with a great group of people and horses alike? If you answered yes to any of these questions, then a horseback pack trip might be exactly what type of vacation you are looking for! The Dude Ranchers’ Association has several member ranches throughout the Western United States and Canada that offer horseback pack trips for any level rider or adventure enthusiast. Soak in the serenity and tranquility of the mountains in some of the most beautiful locations only accessible by foot or horse. You will experience a sense of peace that is not easily found in everyday life, and you will leave refreshed and ready to plan your next trip back!
In the West, very few places remain that offer both solitude and beauty on a grand scale. The Absaroka Ranch, is such a place, located at the headwaters of Wyoming’s Wind River and at the base of the spectacular Absaroka mountain range. If you are looking for top notch amenities in the woods, Absaroka’s pack trips are for you. Located in the Shoshone National Forest, their camp is a unique and beautiful place to spend a few days. The 4 ½ hour horseback ride begins right from the ranch and offers amazing views and challenging terrain. The scenery is unforgettable and the memories created will be too. You can enjoy anywhere from 3 to 6-night stays while on a pack trip, it is all up to you on how long you want to be in the back country. Plus, lodging and meals are offered the night before you leave and the night you get back for a small charge, that way you are not rushing to get accommodations figured out for when you get back! While in the mountains on your trip you will get to enjoy crystal clear lakes and small stream fishing, incredible 360-degree views while on horseback rides, delicious camp cooking and even a shower tent with on demand hot water! Tents, cots, sleeping bags, sleeping pads and wood stoves are all provided on the trip, all you have to worry about is warm clothes and an adventurous attitude.
On your horseback pack trip with the Broken Arrow Lodge and Outfitters in Montana you will venture through beautifully forested mountain ranges with wildflower blanketed meadows all while breathing in amazing mountain fresh air, seeing elk, deer, moose, antelope and other wildlife and experiencing what it is like to sleep under the stars, or in a wall tent whichever you prefer. On your trip you will get to see the Rocky Mountains as only a few do, hike across wildlife-made trails, fish in calm mirror-like streams and lakes and make unforgettable memories with your favorite four legged friends. At Broken Arrow you can tailor your pack trip whatever way you like; if you choose to fish the whole time, explore the mountains by foot or spend quality time on your horse the choice is entirely up to you. The friendly, entertaining and experienced guides will make your trip fun and comfortable, even though this trip may be light years out of your comfort zone. You will also enjoy delicious and hearty home cooked meals, you will truly appreciate a Dutch oven after being in the mountains. You will have the opportunity to encounter first hand exactly why Montana is referred to as the Big Sky State.
Horseback pack trips have been a part of the CM Ranch’s rich history for decades. The CM Ranch in Wyoming was started back in 1927 when Charlie Moore started the Yellowstone Camp for Boys in the Dubois, WY area. For several years, teenage boys from the East Coast would come West to endure month long pack trips into Yellowstone National Park. Upon returning home to their families explaining in exquisite detail the ruggedness and great adventures they endured on their trip, the families soon wanted their own introduction to the Western lifestyle and Yellowstone National Park. Charlie Moore turned his focus to dude ranching and creating a western experience for family vacations. The ranch has done guest horseback pack trips for many years and continues to carry on the tradition still today. The pack trips are a little less rugged and much shorter than when Charlie Moore first started. On these trips you will ride horseback into the ranch’s base camp located in the Wind River mountain range. During your trip you can enjoy day rides to beautiful lakes and some of the best fishing Wyoming has to offer. Your pack trip can be planned in conjunction with your traditional week-long dude ranch vacation or it can be added onto the beginning or end of your vacation. You will sleep in wall tents and admire the techniques of cooking in the mountains. For years guests of all ages have experienced the tremendous beauty and solitude of the Fitzpatrick Wilderness always returning to the ranch with big smiles and so many stories to tell. Not many will want to miss out on a horseback pack trip with the CM Ranch!
There's still a place where time slows down and the only signpost is a hoof print. The Bob Marshall Wilderness is considered the “crown jewel” of America’s wilderness system. The JJJ Wilderness Ranch’s fully-guided horse pack-trips are designed to accommodate all levels of riders through this magnificent, unspoiled country where the only travel is by foot or horse. Each pack trip at the JJJ Wilderness Ranch in Montana is unique ranging from base camp oriented to trips that traverse the wilderness over the Continental Divide. On your horseback pack trip, you will travel across wilderness trails on sure-footed saddle horses that are mountain savvy and a joy to ride. The ranch’s trusty string of pack-mules carries all the gear so you can rough it in comfort. The ranch’s crew, wrangler, packer, guide and camp cook, will provide a comfortable, complete camp. To ensure a high level of personal service and to make sure camp is not too crowded, the trips average around eight guests. Trips with bigger groups can be arranged, but they do have to be discussed in detail with the ranch. During your Montana riding vacation, the rugged landscape unfolds before you, revealing elk, mule deer and whitetail, bighorn sheep, mountain goats, eagles, moose and black bear. You'll have plenty of opportunities to fly fish the natural streams and lakes for native Cutthroats and Rainbow trout. This is truly a fisherman's paradise, all wrapped up in the awesome beauty of remote wilderness. Layover days on the trip offer options of riding, hiking, fishing or relaxing around the campfire. The Bob Marshall Wilderness is hard to describe with words, it is a place you have to experience for yourself to understand the beauty it holds. By booking a horseback pack trip with JJJ Wilderness Ranch you will discover this natural wonder for yourself and endure the magic the mountains seem to capture.
Go deep into the mountains of Wyoming to enjoy a horseback pack trip like no other. With the folks at Spotted Horse Ranch you will ride through the forest to their base camp which provides great customer service, food, horseback riding, fishing and amazing scenery. The main objective of your pack trip will be to enjoy and take in all that the mountains and landscape around you have to offer. You will find a sense of relaxation and true enjoyment that you probably would not expect to find being in a camp without running water or electricity. Pack trips are a great way to really unplug from the real world and find your true self. The Spotted Horse Ranch offers a great setting for large or small groups to experience the rugged outdoors and wilderness. Prior riding experience is not required to go on the trips, just a willing and “ready to have fun” vibe! All of the necessary gear, horses, tack and guides are provided by the ranch. Saddle up and take in all the wilderness surrounding the ranch has to offer!
The Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem is an incredible landscape with a diversity of wildlife and geographical features that extend beyond the boundaries of Yellowstone National Park. In this area lies the Nine Quarter Circle Ranch in Montana. The ranch offers pack trips within the boundary of the park and also in the surrounding wilderness areas. Trips within the Park’s boundary do require early planning. Scheduling your trip in January will give the folks at the ranch enough time to create an itinerary to meet your needs and plan accordingly. If you are looking to take a horseback pack trip outside the Park’s boundaries you can experience one of the ten back country camp locations that Nine Quarter Circle Ranch has to offer. Experienced outfitters will guide you on these multi-day trips into some of the wildest and most beautiful areas of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. Taking a pack trip into this area is something few people get to enjoy in their lifetime. Whichever destination you choose, the trip will offer wildlife sightings, stunning views and once-in-a-lifetime memories that won’t soon be forgotten. Experiencing this wild country via horseback is an adventure you won’t quite understand until you embark on the adventure yourself!
The Dude Ranchers’ Association recommends the best horseback riding vacations in North America. At one of these carefully selected dude and guest ranches groups will experience equestrian activities and all sorts of outdoor adventures on a short stay of three or four nights, or a full week immersed in a Western trail riding destination. Guests have everything provided for them on all-inclusive stays including lodging, dining and activities. With lodges and cabins preserved and restored from when they were built many decades ago, guests experience riding horses in a uniquely Western environment. It’s no wonder dude ranch vacations have been popular since the early 1900’s!
At these ranches guests have a horse personally selected for each person’s riding ability and personality. Because horseback riding is a daily or twice daily activity there is an opportunity to get to know the horse on hundreds, if not thousands of acres of trails in the mountains and plains of the slimly populated West. And after guests climb out of the saddle there’s always plenty of options like relaxing by the pool, fly fishing on private lakes and streams, hiking to scenic vistas or rocking their cares away on the porch in a classic rocking chair.
For guests looking to cover some ground, the charming Crossed Sabres Ranch is one of the oldest dude ranches in the country located outside of Cody, Wyoming and Yellowstone National Park. This is a family run operation that specializes in custom horseback riding for individuals or groups of up to 30 people. Knowledgeable wranglers take guests out on well trained and trustworthy horses whether they have no experience or years of experience on horses. Each horse is paired specifically for each guest to match not only personality, but also riding ability. The ranch offers lessons for those looking to get individual instruction on riding in a comfortable arena environment. There are short morning and afternoon rides or all-day rides into the Shoshone National Forest’s 2.2 million acres for guests to enjoy truly spectacular scenery.
High up in the Snowy Range of the Rocky Mountains the Medicine Bow Lodge Adventure Guest Ranch offers just what their name implies - adventure. With a very diverse riding program each guest can determine what kind of adventure they would like to have. First time riders will become more and more confident on each ride at their own pace with a personal wrangler. With this instruction and getting to know their trusty steed, the horses will earn the trust of newbie riders throughout the week. Guests who have experience can ride out on fast rides, loping and trotting their way through the mountains of Wyoming. The ranch offers all day rides and even an overnight pack trip in the hills. Kids of all ages have something to do at the ranch as well. Kids 5 and under will be led around the ranch and taught about horse care and ages 6 and up can head out on the trail. Here families can literally ride off into the sunset on the appropriately named Sunset Ride.
On the border of Wyoming and Colorado the Focus Ranch is a working cattle ranch, inviting guests to embrace the authenticity of ranch life on their vacation. At this ranch, “cowboy” is both a noun and a verb. Riding here entails managing the health and grazing patterns of the heart and soul of the ranch - cattle. The ranch can adjust the length and speed of rides to accommodate a wide variety of riders, and the work that needs to be done varies throughout the summer. One of their most exciting endeavors for guests is to move the entire herd of 1,300 yearling cattle from one pasture to the next within three days! This happens several times throughout the season. Sometimes, guests enjoy it so much they might hire on to work at the Focus Ranch!
Badger Creek Ranch is located in an area rich in natural beauty and history. This area has been well traversed by the Ute Indians, Spanish Conquistadors, pioneers, miners and cowboys of the old West, but is now occupied by a relatively small number of people. Photographers enjoy secluded trails in the mountains and meadows of Colorado. As a working cattle ranch the guests are also offered a chance to ride out with the cowboy crew to check fence, doctor and sort cattle. Before heading out, guests start their relationship with their horse with ground work following the feel of natural horsemanship and continue in the saddle in a location that can only be described as a photographer’s dream.
The Nine Quarter Circle Ranch is not only a premier family destination with luxury log cabins, activities for all ages and very delicious meals, but also an unforgettable horseback riding destination. The ranch boasts a herd of 120 Appaloosa horses that were born and will live their whole lives on the ranch. This is an uncommon feature of a dude ranch to know all the history of every one of their horses. Their select breeding program is a reflection of the Appaloosa breed, chosen for their stamina, sweet temperament and suitability to mountain riding. Every spring a new crop of foals are born on the ranch, and guests enjoy watching the brand-new foals jump and play around the ranch. These horses will eventually be trained and added to their remuda of trail riding horses.
Want to know more about a particular type of dude ranch? Take a look at the Dude Ranchers’ Association’s Working Cattle Ranches, Luxury Resort Ranches and Family Style Ranches here.
If you are looking for a dude ranch vacation with affordable discounts for this June look at these specials from the member ranches of the Dude Ranchers’ Association. With all inclusive rates that include lodging, horseback riding, fishing, kids programs and three meals a day you’re getting a deal on an adventure vacation. On top of being a budget and cost effective vacation, the dude ranches listed here are offering special discounts for June. Don’t forget to ask about additional savings for large groups and military families. And tell them the Dude Ranchers' Association sent ya!
The Marble Mountain Ranch in Northwestern California offers an exclusive dude ranch program called the "Saddle and Paddle" theme. They combine horseback mountain trail riding vacations and thrilling white water rafting and kayaking with other outdoor activities. Give Doug a call at 800.552.3284 to try out this special program at 10% off during the week of June 18, 2018.
At the Nine Quarter Circle Ranch just to the North of Yellowstone National Park there are so many things to do, and so much those things will do for you. There’s no spa here, but the ranch offers an approach to relaxation that’s been working for 100 years. It starts with a stunning setting that starts to clear the mind, and outdoor activities that could turn your focus to simple enjoyment. Talk to Kameron for 10% off your adventure by calling 406.995.4276.
The Red Rock Ranch is a family owned dude ranch located outside of the Grand Teton National Park. Offering an authentic western dude ranch vacation with polished amenities. They have a flexible riding program, kids program, over 2 miles of private fly fishing, fantastic dining, hiking, a heated pool and that "it" factor that your family will love. Give Doug a call for their 12% off discount for the week of June 10, 2018 at 307.733.6288.
Take part in ranching’s oldest tradition and learn to wrestle a calf, vaccinate, ear tag and gather at Zapata Ranch. This is a hands-on, team-oriented experience that puts you in the center of the action. Through the week explore the ranch and the Great Sand Dunes National Park on horseback, help check fence, water and herd health while moving and gathering cattle ending the week in a full day of branding. Also available are interpretive hikes with a naturalist, fly fishing, rafting, roping and leather working sessions as well as massage to assist with those activity filled days. Talk to Kate at 888.592.7282 about their 15% discount for the week of June 10, 2018.
The Creek Ranch is a small guest ranch offering an intimate working cattle ranch experience for 10 people or less each week. The terrain here is like none other. You'll experience the wild and natural views of Northeastern New Mexico from horseback just like Billy the Kid did during his heydays. Read more about their discounts for the summer time here.
Ranches of the DRA offer unmatched value in dude ranch vacations for families on a budget and for those who want to save money by getting all the adventure of twice daily riding, fishing, kids programs, 3 meals a day and lodging all for one price. Here are some of the DRA picks for the best budget and cost effective ranch holidays.
With the current economic situation a vacation to any destination may seem like a “pipe dream.” But don’t rule out a summer getaway completely until you’ve considered a stay at a Dude Ranchers’ Association member dude ranch. These quintessential Western getaways have always offered exceptional value for the money.
Shoulder seasons are the weeks before and after the main season begins and ends. A ranch will sometimes offer added values like a massage, private riding lessons or a fine bottle of wine upon check-in etc. They may offer a repeat guest discount, a group of more than 20 people discount or an early bird booking discount.
With more mountains and cattle than there are people Montana is a vast and beautiful play ground for outdoor activities, especially on a dude ranch vacation. Less than a million people live in the whole state, so even in the largest of cities there is still wide open spaces and a relaxed small town feel. The people here are among the friendliest in the world and will make your vacation here the most memorable one to date. Take the opportunity to slow down long enough to experience Montana in a unique and authentic way. Here are the top 6 things to do in Montana while at a guest ranch.
From one hour to an all day ride you'll get to share in the beauty of Montana while on horseback. If there ever was a traditional way to explore, a trail ride would be it. From wide open spaces to forest trails you can go anywhere and enjoy the ride to the sound of the hoof beats along the trail. This interaction with horses will create memories you won't soon forget. They will add a sense of personality to your trip. You'll really like to get to know the horses at the Nine Quarter Circle Ranch before taking them into the backcountry of Yellowstone National Park.
You won't have to get your feet wet stepping out into the crystal clear streams of Montana. Specialty fishing gear allow you to walkout to where the fish are. Your very own personal fishing guide will get you fitted into the proper gear and show you the techniques that will land you a really nice catch. The fishing packages at the Upper Canyon Outfitters are famous all over the country. You won't believe how beautiful the sunsets are on the water!
There are hundreds and hundreds of miles to explore in Montana and hiking is one of the best ways to explore them. With your feet connected to the earth and stretching your legs to reach the next rise the rewards are great views and the experience of the flora and fauna along the way. I assure you, you've never smelt fresh air like what you'll get at the top of the crest on a Montana ranch vacation trail, and you won't likely have to share it with anyone else. At the edge of the Bob Marshall Wilderness lies the Deep Canyon Guest Ranch and countless acres of Montana are there for you to explore.
Back road jeep tours are another great way to explore many miles into remote locations of Montana. At Hawley Mountain Ranch they have an all day jeep adventure planned for you starting with the ghost town and mining remnants of Independence, a picnic lunch around an alpine lake and a short climb to the summit of Monument Peak. During the trip you reach as high as 11,000 ft! That's a lot to action for just one day.
Montana is home to Glacier National Park and two entrances to Yellowstone National Park. You might as well stop while you are in town. A solid day in each park is the minimum recommended time, but you might "get lost" and stay for a summer.
How about two nights out under the starts to experience the mountains? Head out on horseback with Blacktail Ranch for a two night trip to the top of the Continental Divide. The base camp has running water and power, so roughing it is optional. You can choose to sleep on a comfortable bed in the cabin or under the stars with or without a tent. The next day you'll be at the top!
Under many state laws vacation pay accrues as it is earned, and cannot be forfeited. Why would you want to forfeit your vacation time anyway, or even just let it pile up in your work account. Get out there and use that time and money for memories and experiences. You'll come back to work with stories to tell and refreshed from time away.
We, at the Dude Ranchers' Association, think a ranch vacation in Montana, Wyoming and Colorado are some pretty great states to get going on using your vacation time.
Some options are to fly into Bozeman, MT, Jackson Hole, WY or Steamboat Springs, CO or take some extra vacation time and make a road trip out of it.
Take a look at the ranches below and the information about traveling to them from your airport. Want more information? We have it here in the office at 307.587.2339, info@duderanch.org or message us on social media using #ranchvacationexpert.
Programs for children from infants to teenagers with plenty of activities for parents and grandparents
Quilting was both an essential skill and form of art on the frontier. That’s why, starting more than 20 years ago, the Nine Quarter Circle Ranch celebrates with the annual Montana Cowgirl Quilt Retreat. For a week each fall, the ranch is open to quilters to join international artists who teach techniques while sharing new patterns and ideas. Each year the instructors design a pattern associated with the ranch and its surrounding beauty.You can quilt to your heart’s content, drawing inspiration from the retreat classes as well as from the magnificent mountain surroundings. Wednesdays are reserved for a field trip into Bozeman for a “quilt crawl,” the fiber-fabric-antique equivalent of a pub crawl. The “cowgirl” element of this retreat is that you’ll have plenty of time to ride horses, hike, fish, explore, relax on the porch or whatever you wish. If you bring your non-quilting partner, never fear. They’ll have more things to do than you’ve got fabric scraps.
Can you imagine a vacation a combination of quilting, horseback riding, fishing hiking and just plain relaxing? Classes are taught in the morning, leaving afternoons free for your choice of activity. And most evenings find us back quilting in the lodge. In addition to the onsite activities, Wednesdays you will venture to Bozeman. Here, you will visit local quilt shops and all the wonderful, unique stores in the historic downtown. Camaraderie, sharing of tips and ideas, and making new friends are wonderful experiences shared by many quilters, a good many returning every year.
The adult-only retreat features international quilt teachers Charlotte Warr Andersen and Georgia Bonesteel. Come join us for a wonderful week of quilting, riding, friendships and wonderful scenery. Bring your husband or friends. They can enjoy the riding and fishing while you are left to your sewing machine and fabric! Please e-mail the ranch directly for further information on this retreat.
Forget Hollywood: many dude ranches have had Hollywood come to them to film some of the most notable classic Western movies ever to hit the big screen over the years. Take for example, White Stallion Ranch. This family-owned 3,000-acre dude ranch located outside of Tucson, Ariz., has been attracting Hollywood filmmakers to its unspoiled desert and rugged mountain landscape for more than 70 years. Notable Western movies filmed on-site include the 1939 legendary film, “Arizona,” as well as “Winchester 73,” “Apache Ambush” and “Backlash.” And the list doesn’t stop at just Western films. Scenes from “Confessions of a Dangerous Mind” starring George Clooney were filmed on the ranch. The 2007 Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue even used this desert setting for its hugely popular annual photo shoot!
Another guest ranch known for its movie history is Circle Z Ranch. Also located in Arizona, Circle Z Ranch is the oldest continuously operating guest ranch in the state and has served as the backdrop for movies and TV shows including “Gunsmoke” and John Wayne’s “Red River.” Most recently, the 2006 movie “Flicka” was filmed at Eaton’s Ranch in Wyoming. Upon arriving to the ranch’s 7,000 acres of beautiful open country with rolling hills, grassy meadows and hidden valleys, you too will see why the setting was perfect for the big screen. Whether you’re a movie buff looking to visit the settings of some of your favorite movies or searching for a thrilling adventure in an off-the-beaten-path locale, guest ranches provide you with the full on star treatment. Thanks to their warm Western Hospitality and full lineup of daily activities and programing, you’re guaranteed to have the experience of a lifetime…straight out of a Hollywood Western. For more DRA accredited dude ranch options or to plan your next dude ranch vacation, visit the Dude Ranchers’ Association website at www.duderanch.org.
“I had no idea there would be so many things to do ” or “There just isn’t enough time to do everything” are two common comments heard on dude ranches throughout the West. Most folks think of horses when they think of a dude ranch which is natural since horses are the primary focus. What many people don’t realize is that ranches offer a wide variety of activities for those who want more than riding.
Like hiking, for instance? Ranches are usually located in the most beautiful, natural areas of the western states and typically offer fantastic hiking opportunities in the adjacent national parks, forests or other public lands. Experience gorgeous arrays of brilliant wildflowers, the fragrance of a pine forest, or the excitement of sighting an undisturbed elk or mule deer in a misty mountain meadow as you tread where few others have been before you. If wetting a fly line is your passion, you’re in luck again. Many ranches are located along private stretches of world famous trout streams and rivers. Others are within easy reach of cold, clear mountain lakes and streams that see little action, except from ranch guests. Many ranches offer fly fishing lessons and expert guides that can help you find that perfect spot. Some even have Orvis endorsed fishing programs. Almost all have a stocked fishing pond right on the premises.
Learn about our natural history, hunt for arrow heads, or even find a dinosaur bone! You can do it on a dude ranch. Try out Native American crafts or skills, join one of the ranch trips to nearby historical or archaeological sites, or pack a lunch and spend a day on a guided 4X4 trip touring gold mines, ghost towns or your favorite national park. Don’t forget your camera! Looking for a more relaxed pace? No problem. Wile away the day lounging by the pool or hot tub, read a good book in the shade of a stream-side tree or see how many of the abundant and colorful birds you can identify from your cabin porch swing. Evening walks in the meadow with family or friends are good for the soul - - and you might even see that doe and fawn coming to the stream for a drink. Don’t forget the optional overnight pack trip, river rafting, mountain biking, tennis, cookouts, hayrides, campfires sing-a-longs and line or square dancing offered by many ranches.
Remember, no cooking, cleaning or chores of any kind on a ranch vacation (unless you want to help the cowboys round up a few strays or feed the horses), just more fun and relaxation than you can imagine. Can’t fit it all the things to do in to one week? Don’t worry, there’s always next year to look forward to.
Search www.duderanch.org for more things to do on our Find a Ranch by Activities and Amenities interactive search page.
Dude rancher's were authentic western settlers of the west and operate today to share the charismatic personality of the 'true' West. Who would want to stay in a regular hotel on their way to Yellowstone anyway? At one of these nationally accredited dude ranches you can experience your own personal Western views on horseback while staying at a ranch full of adventurous activities.
At the North entrance of Yellowstone you can participate in herding cattle over the Gallatin Mountains at Hubbard's Six Quarter Circle Ranch. Here you can enjoy remarkable views of Paradise Valley and the Yellowstone River. Their approach is both upscale and personal with a small capacity of only 12 guests. They are open June 15th - September 30th and are only 25 minutes from the park.
If you are going to make a be line into the park to see the famous Old Faithful Gyser head up through the South Entrance with the Moose Head Ranch. They offer a guided tour of the Southern Loop of Yellowstone. You will see waterfalls, hot pots, mud volcanoes, the Grand Canyon of Yellowstone and, of course, Old Faithful. They offer summer and winter packages and with a capacity of 45 they can host your larger family and corporate groups.
Crossed Sabres Ranch is not only 8 short miles from the East Entrance, but also in part of the 2 million acres of the Shoshone National Forest. During the summer season this ranch will show you some wild and western wilderness. Along with their outstanding horseback riding they offer impressive fishing with Orvis gear on 40 miles of the Shoshone River, white water rafting and dynamic hiking. Billings International Airport is one of many airports used by Yellowstone explorers. Here it is easy to rent a car and head towards the Northeastern Entrance.
The 7D Ranch is off the beaten path between the two. This ranch is the perfect way to connect with family and nature. As a family ranch, your kids will have a blast here experiencing the Western way of life with children's counselors and a wide variety of activities.
There are three great dude ranches that are about 40 miles from the West Entrance to Yellowstone that are outstanding dude ranches. Take a look at the Nine Quarter Circle Ranch, Elkhorn Ranch and the Covered Wagon Ranch.
“Same time, same place next year,” is a promise often heard on the trail and around the campfire of a dude ranch. The remote, peaceful setting lends itself to easy camaraderie, so it’s not uncommon for lifetime friendships to develop during a ranch vacation. Statistics bear out this phenomenon with dude ranch owners reporting more than a third of all reservations each season made by repeat visitors. Colleen Hodson reports a similar yet different pattern among the daily inquiries she receives at the headquarters of the Dude Rancher’s Association in Cody, Wyoming. Hodson, Executive Director of the DRA, as it’s known, says she’s starting to hear from folks she refers to, (tongue in cheek,) as “ranch junkies.” These are travelers loyal to the Western ranch destination but preferring to explore a different DRA ranch each trip.
The traditional pleasures of Western living - riding, hiking, camping and fishing are still the major draw of a ranch escape. And guests can always count on any DRA member ranch meeting the highest industry standards as well as being authentic and accurately portrayed in all of its’ advertising. But that’s where the commonality ends. Travelers considering a dude ranch destination only need to glance at the DRA website or member brochure to get a sense of the many types of ranches and menu of activities offered. One finds special ranch getaways for cowgirls or adults only, while many are a virtual “Disney World” for kids of all ages. Some ranches focus on the culinary experience serving the finest wine and food pairings along with cooking instructions by noted chefs. Others attract devotees to fitness by offering yoga, meatless menus and spa treatments. Still more are known for birding, astronomy, and special eco-tours. And, photography classes, tennis clinics, and painting workshops are just a few options for guests looking for a Western styled learning adventure.
Hodson says, "the great thing about the diversity of DRA member ranches is no matter what ranch people choose they’ll experience the same wonderful western hospitality we’ve been promoting for 90 years.” See the ranches below for a warm, welcoming hospitality and a sense of belonging with your dude ranch owners.
The Blacktail Ranch is a Historic 8,000 acre jewel, located where the prairie meets the Rockies in Wolf Creek Montana. Our Grandfather first came this valley back in the late 1800's and our family has lived and worked here ever since. We have been operating as a guest ranch since the 1950's.
Enjoy a Montana ranch vacation in a remote pristine wilderness north of Yellowstone. Small guest capacity and unique activities. Horseback riding; Fly fishing on private frontage along the Boulder River; Jeep ride to ghost town and historic gold mines; Hiking; Scenic raft float; Campfires/cookouts.
A working cattle ranch with cattle managed on approx. 55,000 acres in the Rocky Mountains. We only accept 10 guests per week, a chance to get to know everyone. If you wish to experience the lifestyle of the American Cowboy while riding daily in scenic mountains we invite you to come ride with us.
Adjacent to Yellowstone Park, the Nine Quarter Circle is "magical" thanks to our remote location which provides incredible scenery and excellent riding opportunities. Our family-oriented vacations feature riding for all ages and levels of horsemanship while awesome blue-ribbon fly-fishing can be found on-site and in nearby rivers. Traditional activities such as campfires, cookouts, hayrides and more are a big hit, as are our dedicated kids' programs. And this all comes served with the West's BEST hospitality!
Upper Canyon Outfitters is nestled on the banks of the Ruby River, between three mountain ranges. Our family has been exploring these beautiful and wildlife-rich mountains since 1910. We are proud to offer a truly unforgettable Western Montana experience.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Review our privacy policy for more information.
").insertAfter(field); return false; } if (forms.length > 0) { forms.each(function(i, form) { form = $(form); var fields = form.find('.form-field input, .form-field textarea, .form-field select, .form-field button'); form.find('input[type="submit"]').off().click(function(e) { var sub = true; form.find('.input-form-alert').remove(); fields.each(function(ix, field) { if ($(field).prop('required')) { if ($(field).prop('type') === 'checkbox') { if (!$(field).is(':checked')) sub = validateFail(field); } else if ($(field).hasClass('input-email')) { if (!validateEmail($(field).val())) sub = validateFail(field, 'Invalid email address'); } else { let v = $(field).val(); if (!v && v !== 0) sub = validateFail(field); } if (!sub) return false; } }); if (!sub) { e.preventDefault(); e.stopImmediatePropagation(); } }); }); } });
A Pender County dispatcher told Reuters that deputies were responding to a situation at a local high school, but could not elaborate. Topsail High, Topsail Middle, and Topsail Elementary remain on lockdown.
As of 7 a.m., Capt. James Rowell with the Pender County Sheriff's Office said that no injuries had been reported but it was still an active scene. Parents should not bring students to these schools, according to Miranda Ferguson, Pender County schools spokesperson.
At the moment the fire is in Butte county, powering through Paradise City and under watch from the Paradise Police Department. Right now, 500 firefighters are working to put out the conflagration, with support from 100 other law enforcement officials.
The lockdown for Topsail High, Middle and Elementary schools was lifted about 9:30 a.m. local time when staff members were allowed to enter.
Students that were already on buses were transported to the Lowes Foods across from the school. It was reported a piece of equipment had been malfunctioning over recent days which made a sound like gun fire. It has around 1,300 students enrolled. A 16-year-old boy who authorities say armed himself with a semi-automatic rifle after hearing about that potential attack also was arrested.
© 2018 Living Room Design. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All Rights Reserved.
The Museet Ribes Vikinger has some other artefacts with runes on display. The stone was found only a couple of years ago during excavations near Ribe Domkirke. It reads the beginning of a name ("ku") and the words "trusted" and "soul".
Coins were minted with runes as well, but the strangest artefact was a piece of a skull. Visible are some straight-carved lines; hardly visible is that these are runes.
Unlike Sweden, Denmark has replaced many runestones to museums, so this map represents the places where they originally stood, not necessarily where they are now.
Abstract:In recent days most probably all industrial processes and parameters are controlled by using PLC & SCADA programming. The industrials like Oil refineries, Steel industries, Chemical plants, Shaving products plants. Nitrogen is a corrosive gas and it is usually used in Heat treatment plants. Also, It is used to dilute reagent gases, to increase the yield of some reactions, to decrease the fire or explosion. We generate nitrogen gas by using Pressure swing adsorption principle. Working on this principle depends upon the sequencing of Adsorbing and Desorbing of Carbon molecular sieves by the sequence of tower valves. These Valves are controlled by numerous cam timers, solenoid valves, Actuators and changeover Adsorbing & Desorbing of carbon molecular strainer is depending upon the Opening and closing of PSA valves. So finally Purity of nitrogen is depending upon the multiple cam timers, solenoid valves, Actuators and changeover valves. This is semi-automated. We are developing the PLC & SCADA Programming for this process. This paper describes by adding a Booster after Nitrogen surge vessel to increase pressure and placing the old electromechanical command with the PLC and SCADA. First, it displays the ladder logic that can be implemented to operate the Nitrogen generator plant. Secondly, it exhibits installation of PLC in the plant and factors to be regarded for its installation and operation..
Optimising Force Balance Exercised in the Wheel – Profile Contact Force During Curved Path. An Experimental Aproach of Using Curvilinear Profiles
Colleges in America have gone completely off the rails with rampant progressivism, creating an increasing number of ignorant snowflakes and social justice warriors. Joining Andrew to discuss the sorry state of our college campuses is someone who has actually been attacked by the student mob for her conservative views on law and order and identity politics: Heather Mac Donald, Manhattan Institute scholar, City Journal contributing editor, and author of the new book "The Diversity Delusion: How Race and Gender Pandering Corrupt the University and Undermine Our Culture." Plus, Andrew explains why we dodged a huge bullet by not electing "low...
Jeb Bush calls for removal of Brenda Snipes, Broward County Supervisor of Elections he appointed - Stats
A heavily Republican Florida county allowed some residents to vote by email, apparently illegally - Stats
'She should be REMOVED': Jeb Bush, who appointed Broward County's Brenda Snipes, drops the hammer on her - Stats
Beto O'Rourke raises more funds in 3rd quarter than Jeb Bush raised for entire 2016 campaign • r/politics - Stats
Michael Avenatti channels Jeb Bush in new attack on President Trump, ends us shaming Stormy Daniels in the process - Stats
Clean Tex Services Irvington Irvington Township, Essex Co., NJ JEA was retained to provide site/civil engineering services associated with the renovation of an existing industrial/warehouse building into an institutional laundry facility that cleans and processes laundry from nursing homes, hospitals, assisted living, and other similar facilities. This redevelopment project included the renovation of approximately 99,000 […]
Pennington Avenue at Reservoir Street, City of Trenton, Mercer Co., NJ JEA was retained to provide site/civil engineering services associated with the renovation of an existing industrial/warehouse building into an institutional laundry facility that cleans and processes laundry from nursing homes, hospitals, assisted living, and other similar facilities. This redevelopment project included the renovation of […]
Grove Street; Haddon Township, NJ JEA was retained to provide site/civil engineering services for the preparation of a site improvement plans associated with the installation of an emergency generator at the facility. Services included coordination of on utility markout by private utility locating firm, existing conditions survey, preparation of site improvement plans, Planning Board testimony, […]
S. Davidson Road; South Brunswick, NJ JEA was retained as part of a design/build team to provide site/civil engineering services for the preparation of a site improvement plans associated with the installation of an emergency generator in the truck loading area at the facility. Services included coordination of on utility markout by private utility locating […]
Neshaminy Interplex, Trevose, PA JEA was retained to provide site/civil engineering services for the preparation of a site improvement plans associated with the installation of an emergency generator at the facility. Services included coordination of existing conditions survey, preparation of site improvement plans, drainage & landscaping design, and assistance with acquisition of land development approvals.
Take a virtual tour inside our workshop and see how we custom-build cabinets to fit your home's unique contours!
Designed by BrandEven. Content and pictures © 2016 Jeffrey William Construction, Inc. All rights reserved.
jeffswoodnart not jeffswoodenart artwork made in fort collins colorado - woodart,scrolling,scrollwork,fretwork,intarsia,artwork, woodsigns,murals,Portrait Keepsake,wood portraits,art for sale all made to order and does custom designs.
Married man Ari Silvio is looking for some new things to do with his wife instead of the same old routine. He came across taking his wife on a hummer tour and wanted to tell friend Berke Banks all about it. For Banks, the word "hummer" triggers a completely different type of tour and one he is bound to take Silvio on.
Andrew has been filming this without the approval from his wife. According to him, even tho it's just a jerk off video, but he hopes that his wife will not find out.
An older guy who has just kissed his wife goodbye invites a baby faced boy on a park bench to his apartment to “watch a good movie.” The boy shows up with a cute friend. Before long, the porn is on and the guy is talking the boys into some oral and then into giving up their holes to his fingers and dick. He first feeds on the cum of the baby faced boy and gets his nut into the mouth of the friend. He shares the friend’s load with the baby faced one.
Jack is willing to give a helping hand, and more. Brandon has a wife, but he isn't married to the idea of passing up a good fuck. What the wife won't do is her loss..
Girth is going to surprise his wife on their anniversary by helping out around the house. Ari is there to give him some tips but Girth's idea of "helping around the house" is learning how to make the bed? Being domestic is nice, but making a bed isn't very romantic. Messing one up however, can be just what the doctor ordered. Ari gets to work on the bed, by giving a little head, and before you know it, they're both tearing up the bedroom. One thing is for certain, his wife is definitely going to be surprised.
Married man Ari Silvio is looking for some new things to do with his wife instead of the same old routine. He came across taking his wife on a hummer tour and wanted to tell friend Berke Banks all about it. For Banks, the word “hummer” triggers a completely different type of tour and one he is bound to take Silvio on.
Bobby Rail's wife was nice enough to lend Alexander Garrett some dishes for a dinner party he recently had. Being the gracious friend he is, Alexander brings back the plates to find Bobby home alone and begging to be thanked for his hospitality.
Brandon is having trouble in the sack with his wife, and needs some advice. To his surprise, Jack is willing to give a helping hand, and more. Brandon has a wife, but he isn't married to the idea of passing up a good fuck. What the wife won't do is her loss.
Tonight is the Opening Night of Dodger’s wife’s play. She sent over her friend, Adam, to make sure Dodger gets to the theater on time. When Adam arrives, Dodger is still watching the football game and not even dressed appropriately. While Dodger changes his shirt Adam loves what he sees and wants it. A little quickie never hurt anyone…
Shane is there to deliver flowers but there's a mistake. He was only supposed to deliver the one set to his house for his wife. The other set was supposed to go to Trevor's mistress..well his “mister”. This piques Shane's interest and he'll be happy to fix the situation if Trevor gives him what he wants. Trevor doesn't mind as long as his wife doesn't find out!
Well when there's a good friend who you can call when the wife is not home. So in this case, we observe the friendly sex.
You unlock this hole with ultimate fantasy. Inside it is another dimension. A dimension of sound. A dimension of length. A dimension of girth. You are moving into a land where 2 likes always attract. You just penetrated The Twilight Hole. Meet Andres. He is your typical American man. He has a good job, goes to church, loves his wife and hopes one day to repopulate the future generation with his off spring. He thinks he is off to start another typical 40 hour work week. But little does he know, that this will be the last time he will ever kiss his wife. Today he is going down a dark trail in which he may never return. Awaiting at home is a mysterious package from a great uncle from San Francisco that had passed away. He puts the watch on and immediately is inundated with images of the flesh. Male Flesh. Try as he and his wife might, the watch is now unable to come off. His wife tries to console him with a kiss, but her touch makes him retch. The dreams of men and sex start to drive Andres insane. The next morning as he drives to work, he stops at a rest stop to regain his composure. He sees Kurtis waiting outside. Waiting for some fun. Andres gives in to his new found temptation and enters the rest room. The two suck, rim and fuck in a bathroom stall that does not end until both of them have cum all over their mouths. Andres has given in to the Twilight Hole. And it does not look like he wants to come back.
Sliding member turned passionate and without any preparation. Each strongly took his dick. Very cool gay entered his friend's ass. Guy enjoyed the event. Gay took his friend and subdued. A friend picked up his ass and licked in ecstasy. Then handsome swallowed whole seed with the phallus of his friend.
Description: Guys do I have an update for you! We've been putting some ads in the local paper to see if there were any takers(get it..lol) out there for Castros's big black cock. Well guess what? We got one..and he's straight! As if that wasn't enough, he has a wife and kids at home!!! It turns out our boy Ari always fantasized what it would be like to take Castro's ginormous cock inside his virgin asshole. Well Castro did good by our boy Ari and pounded his ass good and hard and he loved every second of it. Ari even gives a shout out to his wife and kids at the end. You guys do NOT want to miss this ground breaking episode!
Newly wed Ryan Evans is quickly finding out that the married life isn’t all that it’s cracked up to be, he just isn’t getting the “attention” that he use to get from his wife. Ryan needs a little time for himself and heads over to his friends (Jake Steel) place to have a couple drinks and one thing leads to another…..
The hot, sexy Joe Parker is back but hes sure been seen around since hes gone Gay4Pay or just gay, gay, gay. Hes brought with him his married college buddy CJ who at 62 and layered with muscle is a real mans man. The two buds double teamed the girls back in college and still have a weekly poker night. Now theyre going to bring that friendship to a whole new level...or end it. CJ is open minded and tells us his wife has done things like finger and lick his butthole, although not so open minded that he could tell her about this porn shoot. He knew he was here to fool around with his buddy - maybe a little mutual jacking off and even getting a blowjob - but of course we take it much further than that. First the boys strip down revealing super hot bodies and Joe Parkers almost flawless skin, perfect boner thich and 9 inches long and his buddies smaller, but no less perfect cock. After a short conversation about hood buddy jack off sessions and such, the boys begin with a mutual wank session which they both really enjoy. Next were off to blowjobs. When Joe goes down on CJ you can tell hes been waiting to do this for a long time and you can also tell that CJ is liking it. Next its CJs turn and he starts out tentatively, just licking the tip, but eventually works into a full fledged bj and appears to be liking it too. And when he lifts his head up hes got those cocksucking tears running down his cheeks. Both boys get up from the couch and stand face to face for a little bit of frot play and Joe grabs his buddies head to swoop in for a kiss. CJ backs up at first and then lets it happen. When Joe lets go its CJ who leans tentatively back in waiting for his friend to signal that he wants more tongue action too, and they go at it again. Now we get to the part that CJ wasnt expecting - ass play. With CJ on all fours, Joe goes to work on his hot bubble butt with both his finger and tongue. Once warmed up, Caruso offers CJ double the money to get fucked by his longtime buddy and by now it was pretty obvious that he was in the zone and not going to say no. Maybe the extra cash wasnt even necessary. You could tell CJ was hurting from the cherry busting for at least the first several minutes, but once Caruso suggested he get on top of Joe to control the action, its a total turn around and the pain turns to pleasure. As CJ gets close he even yells to Joe Harder bro!. CJ is shaking as he shoots a hot load of spooge on his friends sexy belly. This pushes Joes button as he rips off his rubber and jacks for all hes worth as CJ fondles his balls and shoots a hot load which joins his buddies cum already pooling on his tummy. When the guys come down from their orgasms Caruso asks CJ if hell tell his wife what happened. No way says CJ. So, Joe chimes in and says hell tell her. Well CJ got really pissed and said bro Dont tell my wife! or Ill beat the crap out of you - and he meant it. So, if you bump into CJs wife - just keep on walking.
My best friend was staying with me while my boyfriend broke up with me last week. I guess it was for the best, after all my best friend made me feel much better... with my hard cok in his tight asshole!...
The hot, sexy Joe Parker is back but he's sure been seen around since he's gone Gay4Pay or just gay, gay, gay. He's brought with him his married college buddy CJ who at 6'2" and layered with muscle is a real man's man. The two buds double teamed the girls back in college and still have a weekly poker night. Now they're going to bring that friendship to a whole new level...or end it. CJ is open minded and tells us his wife has done things like finger and lick his butthole, although not so open minded that he could tell her about this porn shoot. He knew he was here to fool around with his buddy - maybe a little mutual jacking off and even getting a blowjob - but of course we take it much further than that. First the boys strip down revealing super hot bodies and Joe Parker's almost flawless skin, perfect boner thich and 9 inches long and his buddies smaller, but no less perfect cock. After a short conversation about childhood buddy jack off sessions and such, the boys begin with a mutual wank session which they both really enjoy. Next we're off to blowjobs. When Joe goes down on CJ you can tell he's been waiting to do this for a long time and you can also tell that CJ is liking it. Next it's CJ's turn and he starts out tentatively, just licking the tip, but eventually works into a full fledged bj and appears to be liking it too. And when he lifts his head up he's got those cocksucking tears running down his cheeks. Both boys get up from the couch and stand face to face for a little bit of frot play and Joe grabs his buddies head to swoop in for a kiss. CJ backs up at first and then lets it happen. When Joe lets go it's CJ who leans tentatively back in waiting for his friend to signal that he wants more tongue action too, and they go at it again. Now we get to the part that CJ wasn't expecting - ass play. With CJ on all fours, Joe goes to work on his hot bubble butt with both his finger and tongue. Once warmed up, Caruso offers CJ double the money to get fucked by his longtime buddy and by now it was pretty obvious that he was in the zone and not going to say no. Maybe the extra cash wasn't even necessary. You could tell CJ was hurting from the cherry busting for at least the first several minutes, but once Caruso suggested he get on top of Joe to control the action, it's a total turn around and the pain turns to pleasure. As CJ gets close he even yells to Joe "Harder bro!". CJ is shaking as he shoots a hot load of spooge on his friends sexy belly. This pushes Joe's button as he rips off his rubber and jacks for all he's worth as CJ fondles his balls and shoots a hot load which joins his buddies cum already pooling on his tummy. When the guys come down from their orgasms Caruso asks CJ if he'll tell his wife what happened. "No way" says CJ. So, Joe chimes in and says he'll tell her. Well CJ got really pissed and said bro "Don't tell my wife!" or I'll beat the crap out of you - and he meant it. So, if you bump into CJ's wife - just keep on walking.
Devon is a cute little tattooed chick who looks hot with two cocks inside of her! She had two dicks that she took care of at once as she gave them both a blowjob. Then each guy mounted little Devon as they each took a hole and she got double penetrated by them both. She took the double fucking well and then she was left with a double cumshot on her face.
© Copyright 2018, doubleteamedteens.com and its owner. All rights reserved. All images are strictly copyrighted.
Flick is a little nasty ho who needs lots of attention, so she got the attention of these two guys by sucking them off at once! They each took a spin on her cunt as they pounded their cocks inside of it, but then each of the guys mounted her at the same time as she had one in the pussy and one in the ass! Flick's deep double penetration lasted a long time until she got covered in both of their cumshots!
GaySissies.com is the home of one of the hottest collections of gay sissy and crossdresser stuff in the world - if the idea of getting dressed like woman and getting fucked by man does not sound alien to you, there you’d need to stop by... read full review >>>
GaySissies.com - hot and sensual gay crossdresser sex action, for those of you who loves feeling a woman and dreams of getting fucked by man while wearing female clothes. Enjoy excellent professional quality of imagery, breathtaking and realistic hardcore action, cumshots and facials, lots of boy-girl transformation scenes, various types of wigs, high heels and sexy clothes/lingerie, delivered to you now in high definition.
Join through FerroNetwork.com and get instant unlimited access to both GaySissies.com and the entire family of FerroNetwork gay sites plus all other 50+ quality all original FerroNetwork sites featuring world famous unique and stylish content in more than a dozen of hot niches. Over 25000 photo sets, more than 10000 videos and 10 new updates every day, at a wholesale price of $29.95 renewal fee.
Interior, Concevoir Salle De Bain was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Concevoir Salle De Bain has viewed by 16548 visitor.
Interior, Meuble Sous Lavabo Bois was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Meuble Sous Lavabo Bois has viewed by 51938 visitor.
Interior, Porte En Bois Interieur Moderne was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Porte En Bois Interieur Moderne has viewed by 89432 visitor.
Interior, Model De Plafond De Maison was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Model De Plafond De Maison has viewed by 48194 visitor.
Interior, Attache Bache Piscine Pour Enrouleur was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Attache Bache Piscine Pour Enrouleur has viewed by 8111 visitor.
Interior, Idee Deco En Bois Flotte was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Idee Deco En Bois Flotte has viewed by 56995 visitor.
Interior, Salle De Bain Wc Petit Espace was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Salle De Bain Wc Petit Espace has viewed by 60166 visitor.
Interior, Mural In Denver Airport was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Mural In Denver Airport has viewed by 25869 visitor.
Interior, Canape D Angle Convertible 3 Places was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Canape D Angle Convertible 3 Places has viewed by 55478 visitor.
Interior, Ensemble Table Et Chaises Salle A Manger Pas Cher was posted June on this site by Habermir.com. More over Ensemble Table Et Chaises Salle A Manger Pas Cher has viewed by 26569 visitor.
Hi! I'm "Rusty the Clown" and I've been entertaining children for more than 15 years! I perform a children's interactive magic and comedy show.
Music really adds to the fun and festive mood at a children's event and the children love it, so I always bring happy children's music with me.
During the show, I really love to see the kids getting some big laughs and they always make me laugh, too!
Time permitting, I enjoy using my art skills by face-painting, with whatever design the children might request - like a pretty princess, butterfly girl, etc, and for boys, perhaps their favorite super hero or animal.
Joining in their celebrations - whether a Birthday Party , Barbecue , Camping Party, Baptisms and very special Firsts - just to name a few, is for "Rusty " ( a big bonus and privilege plus capital "F" for Fun!
*Rusty also performs as a fabulous Pirate and has a whole show available with a pirate theme. See picture of Rusty as a pirate on this page.
-we loved Rusty - he was awesome. my son is still talking about him and its been two weeks since we had him over. - would highly recommend him. Trisha - mother of 3.
We love Rusty. he is an excellent children's entertainer, the clients love him, the kids are entertained and thrilled. He has a great child like personality that seems to cause the children to relate to him well. Derek Horton (one of the owners of Happy Time Clowns)
Happy Time Clowns & Magicians is a top talent family entertainment agency in Ontario Canada that primarily provides family entertainers including airbrush artists, caricature artists, pirate shows, mascots, costumed characters, princess parties, clowns and magicians in Toronto, Mississauga, Brampton, Oakville, Burlington, Hamilton, Ancaster, and Brantford Ontario Canada. Please check out our new web site Tom Horton's Talent We have seasonal characters as well such as Santa Claus for Christmas, Xmas parties and holiday parties , the Easter bunny for Easter, as well as a comedy Dracula for Halloween parties. Elvis Presley singing telegrams are available. Woodbridge Ontario is one of our favorite places to perform children's birthday parties. We have a fantastic singing telegram person that writes a custom written song about the person, she can perform the singing telegram dressed as Marilyn Monroe or a French maid or several other characters . Steve is an awesome close up magic performer that does shows in Richmond Hill, Brampton, Woodbridge, Mississauga and many other cities near Toronto. We have several minstrel entertainers that perform vaudeville type of performances. We have awesome Halloween performers and have a comedy Dracula show for your next Halloween party. Candy the Clown is a former member of Toronto Clown Alley. We have clown for hire that performs a magic show in Hamilton, Dundas, Burlington and Ancaster Ontario. We In addition we have clowns, Pirates and Santa Claus in London Ontario. Circus act by C.J. the Juggler, he has a one man circus show that is second to none and includes incredible juggling, unicycling and more. Happy Time Clowns and Magicians offers magicians for adult corporate events including mingle magic also known as cocktail magic or strolling close up magic that will amaze your audience even adults! Also west of Toronto in the Niagara Falls and St. Catherines, Fort Erie and Welland areas we have Q.T. Pie The Clown a wonderful female clown. French Bilingual clown also available. During Easter, we can have the Easter bunny go out and visit with the children and give out chocolates, we also have a Candy the Clown with a live Easter Rabbit. Let one of our professional party planners or event planners help you make the right decisions to have a great party. Rusty The clown performs at many Daycares and Nursery Schools around Toronto and Mississauga. We have a fantastic juggler and unicyclist that does circus type acts. Toddler clowns perform for preschoolers. Spooky magic shows at Halloween are also a children's favorite. We also have a female magician for hire that specializes in young children up to about 8 years old that performs a comedy magic show in Hamilton, Burlington, Ancaster and Dundas Ontario. We entertain with shows for baptism parties or Christening celebration. Ameen celebrations are very popular with our Muslim friends. We also perform educational shows in libraries and schools and anywhere that a message is desired. Children love to attend the Toronto Santa Claus Parade. Happy Time Clowns has minstrels, a strolling clown or entertainer that plays a banjo, guitar or other musical instrument perfect for vaudeville type perfomances. Friends of ours offer giant bouncy castles. We have all star and top talent entertainers. We have wonderful caricature artist named Hector Several of our magicians are masters at performing strolling close-up magic. Our top talent of our clowns perform magic shows, balloon animals and face painting. Have a custom written song written about your sweetheart and sung by Elvis Presley or Marilyn Monroe over the phone. We offer many options for live entertainment at birthday parties. Of course the magicians also perform fabulous magic shows and many use a live animal such as a dove or a bunny rabbit in the show. Most of our caricature artists are also cartoonists and often perform at corporate events. Our web site now has a link to several caricaturist with examples of their caricature drawings and cartoons. We have a Russian speaking clown and a Spanish speaking clown for hire although both speak English as well. Wonderful Pirate, princess, superhero or wizard shows for birthday parties and library shows. We perform for children and families at birthday parties, corporate events, Christmas parties, Holiday shows, festivals and store opens etc. We even offer jugglers, stilt walkers and unicyclists.
Search engine optimization techniques are vital to help your site rise above the hundreds of others you’ll be competing against. People use search engines in all aspects of their life, such as searching for a job, comparison shopping and doing research. If you follow the tips provided here, it will not be long before your site enjoys more traffic.
Use many types of keywords and even common misspellings. Search engine bots will be able to “read” the metatags and improve your sites search engine rankings. Try to include a variety of keywords, along with some that are misspelled. For example, a website about aquariums would have keywords such as “fish tanks,” “aqarium,” “tank,” etc.
If you are using SEO optimization for a page on your site, you need to control your keyword density. Avoid this by keeping keywords under 20% of your page total.
If you are using SEO optimization for a page on your site, you need to control your keyword density. To avoid this, try to keep your total keyword content to under twenty percent of any given page.
Increasing SEO is a game of patience. You can not build up huge traffic overnight. If the creation date of your site is not very long ago, it may take a few months to build your SEO. Just like any company, time is needed to build a reputation with an online business.
Above all else, you site has to entertain people and keep their attention if you hope to have a successful web business. SEO is something you can do to help website visitors stay longer and even come back again in the future. This will make your site’s ranking go up.
If you want your site to achieve high rankings, you must make your content more spider-friendly. They are always looking through content based on keywords, but spiders also need to understand your site’s overall structure. When producing a site map, keep your site’s hierarchy in mind so that spiders can get a sense of the structure of your pages.
Using a robots.txt file in your root directory can help you to tuck away content might hurt your search engine ranking. txt file and putting it in the root of your directory. This will not let the search engine find certain things that are on your website.
Employ a product feed for the purpose of expanding the customer base that is yours and increasing your website traffic. This will help you build a positive online presence. Things regarding your business such as prices and product descriptions can be listed in these feeds. Send them to shopping sites and search engines. Add an RSS feed icon on your site or blog, and suggest to readers that they should subscribe to your site’s feed for all of the latest updates.
When it comes time to improving your traffic, start by editing its content. Visitors won’t keep coming back if they can’t find what they came to your site to get. Having good content is a crucial step in driving traffic to your site.
Talk with an education or non-profit website to see if they will provide a link on their site to content on your site. You want your site to be linked to respectable, known sources because search engines look positively at this, and they will reflect this in your search engine ranking. Publish high-quality info to encourage authoritative websites to showcase your site. Create content that these organizations will find useful and worthy.
SEO is really a DIY project. There are plenty of resources out there that can help you. Find great informative websites and books to help you learn the latest in SEO techniques.
If you utilize audio or video as part of your website’s content mix, consider including transcripts as part of the post. Search engines will scan the transcripts and recognize keywords that are related to your site’s niche.
Some believe that bringing keywords into their comment tags will increase their SEO visibility. Keep your focus where it belongs, on your content.
Be sure you register your site on all the key search engines. A lot of people make the assumption that this is automatically done. Check often to ensure your website is still present and is being located. Even if your site isn’t on the first page, be sure it is there.
Look into using online ads. When you try to do search engine optimization yourself, it may not yield the increase in rankings you were hoping for. They will help get the traffic up on your site. Using advertising can help your site grow.
Get better SEO by adding videos and a sitemap to go with them. You can use video for introducing your staff or yourself or to showcase products. Put videos on your site and make sure that you label them with quality keywords. Put your sitemap together, then submit the URL via your account on Google Webmaster Central. You should then put the video on sites like YouTube and Metacafe. You can then relax and watch the customers start pouring in.
Improving your search engine ranking will improve your overall business. There are a lot of web-based business that do not know this.
Look into using online ads. You may not see a large increase when you do it on your own. These types of advertisers know what it takes to get more hits. Google’s own advertising site can bring in a lot of viewers.
You can give your SEO a boost by using off-site linking to reputable websites. This is a very important part of linking. Search engines place more importance to relevant off-site links than to the internal links that connect pages of your site. Look for options that offer linking opportunities to go back to your page, so your ranking and your traffic can increase.
Try boosting your online presence using the free local listings through Yahoo! or Google. These services give you free publicity that, in turn, bring you more visitors and more visibility. Never turn down a free venue for publicity.
Anchor text is important on your site. Refrain from using some words, since they don’t help with SEO. Learn about what words you should use with the help of websites that explain it in detail.
You must use content that is interesting to humans. Sure, keywords are important, but search engine bots don’t result in sales. Readability is a must. If you can’t do that, it will most likely fail.
In order to manifest an increase in search engine results, make sure your keywords are best placed in their longest and plural forms. Keyword stemming is used by a variety of search engines. If you choose “accountant” as your keyword, results for searches that include “accounting” or “accountants” may not include your site. Use the keyword stemming technique by choosing longer form keywords; for example, using “accounting” can also grab readers who were searching for “accountant.”
When working on improving search engine optimization, it is crucial to take advantage of social media sites. Sites like Facebook and Twitter give you a direct line to your customers and YouTube videos allow you to reach customers who want visuals.
If you are sharing a server, you need to make sure that a banned site doesn’t share the same proxy. Sharing a proxy with a banned site or a site that has been deemed spammers could negatively affect your ratings, and thus not get you the traffic you desire.
Don’t use a host that blocks domain ownership info. Registering the domain with a search engine like Google and having it blocked from it could make you appear as a spammer. If that’s the case, they won’t let you rank in pages and obtain the traffic you want.
Get more website visitors through web searches. Make your site spider friendly, and it will get excellent search engine results. Make sure you tag the images on your site, because spiders are only able to read text. Be sure to utilize descriptions that are rich in keywords.
A good way to boost your search engine ranking with little effort is to buy an already established domain name. Search engines give more weight to domain names that have been around for two years or more. Review lists of recently deleted domains looking for ones that could possibly suit your new site’s purpose.
Blogging is a good way to regularly add fresh content, which is beneficial because search engines’ bots are attracted to newer material. Additionally, if you publish really good articles, they will be shared. Interesting content will also draw return traffic, especially from people who have recommended the content to their friends.
Use SEO to gain more visitors to your website. Making your website search engine spider friendly is imperative for success. Spiders are not able to “read” pictures, so put a tag on every image that you include. It is beneficial to use descriptions that are rich in keywords.
If English is not the language used on your website, use the meta tag for language in your code. One benefit will be a rise in ranking due to searches that occur in that language.
After purchasing a domain for a website that was sub-hosted, talk to the host. Find out if they will send the old page on. Users can get to your page via older bookmarks. On your former domain, add redirect pages; this will take visitors to your new site.
Check what headers your server sends along with your website’s pages. There are many free tools online which can analyze the information being sent when they load a page, so make sure to use them often. You only want to spot “301 Moved Permanently” or “200 OK.”
You need to use Google Analytics. You can improve the results you get and track the progress. For instance, it can help you figure out what keywords are the most successful. This helps you modify your site to focus in on these words.
Make sure you use email marketing properly in your SEO campaign. You still need your keywords within your email text, but you also need to have bookmarking and social network sharing tools. Viewers need a simple share option to pass along the information.
Come up with many gateway pages and be sure they’re related to your business or site. When searches are conducted, you want everything in your site to be detected by the search engine bots. Gateway pages are a great way for you to get this notoriety.
Every title on your site should contain a keyword. To connect each page of your website, ensure that every one has the same title tag attached to it. Your company name should be part of your title tag and will tie all pages together. People aren’t very likely to search for your company by name unless it is truly well-known.
Successfully optimizing your site for search engines may seem intimidating, but as this article has shown you, it doesn’t have to be difficult. Knowing the few basic principles that determine how the search engines work, can help you tweak your site to attract more visitors than ever. Before you know it, you’ll have a slew of new customers.
If the content of your website is comprised mostly of videos, you should know that search engine crawlers have a difficult time tracking videos without additional help. To help website crawlers recognize your website’s videos, use a site map page that lists the videos.
Part of the problem causing this pickiness with American woman is that they have a perception that there are 1,'s of alternative men for them to choose from. Happy Friday, my friends. Narcissism Relationships and Mental Illness, Week 4: The narcissism epidemic that America is currently suffering from seems to be predominantly occurring with American women The point being, woman seem to have this expectation of the "perfect" mate and are always thinking someone better will come along. Online dating use among to year-olds has also risen substantially since the last Pew Research Center survey on the topic.
I was never one to blame the tools, but the user absolutely. Are the results reproducible? In addition, it can save them the hassle of meeting people for dinner and be left to deal with an awkward moment with someone they know nothing about.
The only reason people loo0k for fates is because every relationship they've been in so far, has failed with the exception of widows, widowers and young people who have never dated. All the info processing in the world can be nothng more than wheel spinning and I think women are more prone to this than men ironically enough.
Hi Christie, Yes I would agree with you there that unrealistic expectations are to blame. When there are a lot of choices, people think of their matches as readily disposable. Then you see them in the forums asking people what happened. But the reality is that the long-term success of these pairings is about.
Thanks for posting the evidence of what most of us already intrinsically knew , Lauren. Acting tough and trying to score points is what they want but they have no intention of dating you so why "Entertain them"?
The narcissism epidemic that America is currently suffering from seems to be predominantly occurring with American women The point being, woman seem to have this expectation of the "perfect" mate and are always thinking someone better will come along. I'm here for the horny sluts.
If a social study, what was the methodology of the test? No one care about your dating habits The Topic is on Dating sites
Warning - these are highly addictive. Use any combination of nuts and seeds you like; pecans and hazelnuts, so long as they are fresh, are outstanding. – Rachel P.
2. Cook, stirring occasionally, until the liquid has bubbled away and the mixture is fairly dry and clumpy. Then, turn them onto a sheet pan lined with parchment or a silicone liner, spread in a thin layer with a spatula, and let cool.
The Alphonso Mango cultivar is considered by many to be one of the best in terms of its sweetness, richness and flavour. It grows in India and is prized for its creamy, floral notes and sweet juicy flesh. Fantastic in salsas, ceviche and fruit salads for a sweet-tart twist. Use to baste while grilling chicken, pork or shrimp.
Employees of the FSS detained an agent of the Security Service of Ukraine, preventing several sabotage plans in the Crimea. This was reported by the press service of the service.
“The Federal Security Service of Russia prevented several attempts of sabotage against Crimean infrastructural facilities and the life support of the peninsula. During operational and investigative activities, the Russian Federal Security Service for the Republic of Crimea and Sevastopol detained an agent of the Security Service of Ukraine in the Kherson region, who was sent to the Crimea to carry out acts of sabotage,” the report said.
According to the agency, Ukrainian citizen Gennady Limeshko planned to “turn the Sudak-Novy Svet electricity transmission line into an unusable condition – stopping the supply of electricity – as well as planning to set fire to the forest in the Sudak-Rybache-Alushta area, and create a rock collapse to block the Sudak-Novy Svet road.” In addition, he planned to set fire to one of the communal facilities near the village of Rybachye.
Write the text of your The Abandoning Song (also known as No more GI and The GI song) is a song sung by Gumball and Darwin in The GI . to express their depressed emotions after being forced to give up their dreams of becoming a martial arts master. It is a some-what depressing song. It is one of the few songs to be sung in The Amazing World of Gumball .
Banana Joe has parents that made their debut.Banana Joe's dad doing the "Banana Dance" with him. appearance in The Responsible . Strangely, they debuted before Banana Joe, their son, did. They have made at least three apearances, both in-show and out-of-show. They have not made a speaking appearance yet. Banana Joe 's mom has a blue polka-dot bow on her head. His dad has a mustache. Like some other characters, they are CGI animated
Recently, the governments of China and Japan convened a meeting seeking solutions to the world’s depressed economy. Their cooperation received the attention of the world community since the Chinese and Japanese economies are as big and powerful as America’s. So, can their cooperation bring recovery to the world economy, and how fast will it be?
Thailand’s economy heavily depends on the world economy, thus to analyze the worldwide situation will aid understanding of Thailand’s economic recovery pattern. In my opinion, the pattern of worldwide economic recovery will be U-shaped, for the following reasons….
The worldwide economic recession is L-shaped, but will not remain so From the second quarter of this year, many indicators have been slightly positive, with economic indicators in developing countries positive for the first time since mid 2008. In April 2009, a peak was reached for the first time in 11 months for the Bloomberg Professional Global Confidence Index, a survey of Bloomberg clients to assess their confidence in the world economy.
Apart from positive trends for the US economy indicated by DowJones and Nasdaq, Federal authorities revealed in March that from the recent economic indicators of five out of twelve states, the economic situation had mitigated. For instance, there had been a decrease in non-agricultural employment by just 345,000 positions, less than the expected decrease of 520,000 positions, implying that the economic situation in US may not have been at its expected worst.
As for the Chinese economy, some good signals were released in May. Morgan Stanley adjusted their expected GDP for China in 2009, from 5% to 7- 8%. The Purchasing Manager’s Index (PMI) successfully measured above 50 points in March, implying that Chinese consumers can still afford housing and vehicles. In addition, loan issuances in the first quarter of 2009 were as high as CNY678 billion, equal to those of the entire year 2008.
We have also seen such unprecedented phenomena as the global community’s endeavour to begin international policy coordination in order to resuscitate the global economy in the not too distant future, just as happened in the Japanese economic crisis of the 1990’s.
The worldwide economic recession will not recover in quick V-shaped form The US financial sector still has a problem and needs time to recover. The financial crisis has also destroyed both large and small businesses. Many large US corporations have faced bankruptcy, including General Motors (GM). In addition, 5,289 retail stores in the United States shut down from October 2007 – October 2008. Since many sectors have been affected by the financial crisis, people have suffered through unemployment and, therefore, decreased purchasing power.
Japan, the world’s second largest economy, has suffered similarly. In 2008, 12,681 Japanese companies declared bankruptcy to a total debt of JPY 12 trillion – twice that of 2007. Because Japan also depends heavily on export, the current situation of decreased import demand will delay Japanese economic recuperation.
I'm trying to find a Basic Pistol Instructor course within 1-2 hours of St. Louis/St. Clair. I see one in Hillsboro, MO in a few weeks. Any others that you all know of? Sent from my Nexus 6P using Tapatalk
For since the creation of the world God’s invisible qualities—his eternal power and divine nature—have been clearly seen, being understood from what has been made, so that people are without excuse.
Don't know if you are still looking, but I just checked the NRA Training web site; there are several classes in Centreville, IL from 2/16 on.
My wife and I have both received these ransonware spam emails in the past. Mine had a password from a very old now redundant account from about 10...
Instead of blackmail and extortion, people actually offer me money to use footage taken from my webcam. - - - Updated - - - Also, what ancient...
The SSD arrived the other day and I finally got round to trying it out today. I did some benchmarks with CrystalDiskMark and it benchmarks much...
That is a good point actually. I doubt I'll figure out exactly where it has come from. I've been using that particular password for nearly 16...
Your e-mail and password was probably in one of the many security leaks that have occured with many major companies in recent years. Lists of these...
Has anyone received any spam attempting to blackmail you into paying? I got one yesterday. Here it is: Apparently they have webcam footage...
You'll like it Steve. I have a Samsung SSD (I think it's an EVO but with a different number, 840 or 850 perhaps, cba to check) and it's just fine for...
If you are not a gamer then a small form factor PC is quite a good choice. You can get some great setups these days and have decent gpu and audio...
Someone on Amibay already has the release and will be letting me know what they think once fully tested. It's basically a bug fixed release of...
I've been thinking about getting a new PC again. What SSDs do people recommend now? I notice that smaller ones are quite cheap now. I might get an...
I was reading about this yesterday. Looks good. I think I'll get myself a copy if it comes out on disks (rather than downloads).
Hyperion has just released Workbench 3.1.4 with new kickstart chips! The ROMS are softboot atm but chips are in the process of being produced! I...
Thanks Steve. It didn't change any fees so that was good. Gong to start testing our upgrade options very soon.
I just sent you a £30 donation via PayPal. I selected the option to 'send money to family or friends', but I used a debit card, so I've no idea if...
I've just finished creating a new Steam gamers Group. I know a lot of you have steam accounts, so I thought it would be great if we had a group we could all join. I'm also going to post this on amibay so we can try to bring together as many members as possible.
I thought the group would be great to use as a central location to find other classicamiga and Amibay members quickly on Steam, so you can see who else is playing the same games from our communities for multiplay, or
A living colony about 1 m in diameter, collected from shallow water off Pulau. This is an attached, colonial dendrophylliid that contains zooxanthellae and contributes to reef structure.
A living colony having branches about 20 mm in diameter, collected from shallow water off Pulau. Although azooxanthellate, this species often attains a colony size of up to a meter and thus contributes to reef structure.
Creation of this page was supported by US National Science Foundation grants DEB95-21819 and DEB 99-78106 (in the program PEET - Partnerships to Enhance Expertise in Taxonomy) to Daphne G. Fautin, grant DEB99-78086 (in the program PEET) to Stephen D. Cairns, and grant OCE 00-03970 (in NOPP, the National Oceanographic Partnership Program) to D.G.F. and Robert W. Buddemeier.
Page: Tree of Life Dendrophylliina. Dendrophylliidae Gray 1847. Authored by Stephen D. Cairns. The TEXT of this page is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial License - Version 3.0. Note that images and other media featured on this page are each governed by their own license, and they may or may not be available for reuse. Click on an image or a media link to access the media data window, which provides the relevant licensing information. For the general terms and conditions of ToL material reuse and redistribution, please see the Tree of Life Copyright Policies.
Each ToL branch page provides a synopsis of the characteristics of a group of organisms representing a branch of the Tree of Life. The major distinction between a branch and a leaf of the Tree of Life is that each branch can be further subdivided into descendent branches, that is, subgroups representing distinct genetic lineages.
For a more detailed explanation of the different ToL page types, have a look at the Structure of the Tree of Life page.
Skip to main content Go to quick links Go to quick search Go to navigation for this section of the ToL site Go to detailed links for the ToL site
A large and diverse genus of medium-sized New World salticids, primarily ground-dwellers with highly ornamented males that perform complex courtship displays. The elbowed tegular apophysis of the palp is distinctive. The third leg is much longer than the fourth, distinguishing these from other superficially similar salticids such as Sitticus.
Tree from Griswold (1987), figures 10, 12-16. Some described species are excluded from this tree, namely species known only from females, some of which may be synonyms of species shown.
Habronattus includes approximately 100 species of jumping spiders, most from North America, the remainder in the neotropics. Most are ground-dwelling on open ground with sparse vegetation, especially on rocks, dry leaf litter and sand. The arid southwest has many species, but Florida also has many species, and others are known above the Arctic circle and east to maritime Canada. The genus was recently revised by Griswold (1987), and its phylogeny studied by Maddison and Hedin (2003).
The genus is notable for the remarkable forms and colors of the coursthip ornaments of males, which are used in complex courtship behaviors.
Of these, the most distinctive is the elbowed tegular apophysis. Some species in the coecatus group have secondarily lost the elbow, but their possession of the distinctively modified third legs marks them as members of the genus Habronattus.
The tree shown above is that of Griswold (1987), derived by Hennigian cladistic analysis on morphological characters primarily related to male courtship ornamentation and genitalia. Major clades in Habronattus include a group of 32 described species whose males have laterally fringed first legs, spatulate spines on the first leg, and a modified third leg. This clade includes the coecatus species group and the viridipes group. The americanus group is another clear clade, delimited by peculiar genitalia and male courtship ornaments. The agilis group has a unique stridulatory organ (Maddison and Stratton, 1988).
Though some aspects of this tree are strongly supported, others are likely to change as more data come in. For instance, there is little support for the large clade from H. pretiosus to H. hirsutus. One species included by me in Habronattus but not by Griswold is H. paratus, which has the elbowed tegular apophysis characteristic of the genus even though the first legs are unusually long and the female's epigynum appears to retain a somewhat primitive arrangement. Habronattus paratus may be the sister species to the rest of the genus.
This site uses cookies to help us provide quality services. Using our services, you consent to the use of cookies.
On 26th May 2012, all UK websites will need to comply with the new EU E-Privacy Directive 2009/136/EC. Cookies are only a small part of this directive, and whilst you are still allowed to use cookies on a website, it must be made clear to visitors to your site that cookies are being used. A message or warning must be displayed so that the visitor is aware of them. At the top of our website we have displayed a message to warn you that our website makes use of cookies and that one has already been set. By displaying this message we hope that we are providing you with the information you require about our use of cookies, and presenting you with the option to consent to their use. This message will be displayed until such time that you agree to our site using cookies by clicking on the continue button. a. What is a cookie? A cookie is a small amount of data, often including a unique identifier, sent to the browser of your computer or mobile phone (referred to here as a "device") from a website's computer. It is stored on your device's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it. To protect your privacy, your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, and not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Many websites do this whenever a user visits them to track online traffic flows.On the website, our cookies record information about your online preferences so we can tailor the site to your interests. You can set your device's preferences to accept all cookies, notify you when a cookie is issued, or not receive cookies at all. Selecting the last option means you will not receive certain personalised features, which may result in you being unable to take full advantage of all the website's features. Each browser is different, so please check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.During the course of any visit to our website, every page you see, along with a cookie, is downloaded to your device. Many websites do this because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether your device (and probably you) has visited the website before. On a repeat visit this is done by the website's computer checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.b. How do we use cookies?Information supplied by cookies can help us analyse the profile of our visitors, which helps us provide you with a better user experience. For example, if on a previous visit you went to our marketing pages, we might find this out from your cookie and highlight marketing information on subsequent visits.c. Third party cookies on our pagesPlease note that during your visits to our website you may notice some cookies which are unrelated to us. When you visit a page with content embedded from, for example, YouTube or Flickr, you may be presented with cookies from these websites. We do not control the dissemination of these cookies. You should check the third party websites for more information about these.d. Cookies used on our siteWe only use cookies to help us continuously improve our website and maintain a nice browsing experience for our visitors. Here is a list of cookies used on this website;Statcounter - We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc.This site will not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information about you. However, if you wish to restrict or block cookies set by this or any other website, you can do this through your browser settings. The Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org which contains comprehensive information on how to do this for a wide variety of browsers. You will also find details on how to clear cookies from your computer as well as more general information about cookies. For information on how to do this on your mobile phone's browser, you will need to refer to your handset manual.
Run by Tom and Margaret Tyrell since 1990, over 10,000 animals have been rescued and many returned to their natural habitat.
The Sanctuary rescues all injured or unwanted Owls and Birds of Prey, also all cage and aviary birds, no birds rescued are sold, WE DO NOT SELL BIRDS.
It costs over £15,000 a year, and this money comes purely from sponsorship and private contributions.
If you were to walk around the sanctuary * the eyes and ears can be treated to many different colours and sounds from all kinds of birds and animals rarely seen outside zoos. All types of owls - Barn, Tawny, Little, Snowy and Eagle - as well as parrot-type birds, rare breed sheep, Vietnamese Pot Belly pigs, Squirrel, Hedgehog and many many more.
* Due to laws, regulations and licensing we do not open to the public as we would need expensive licences etc. We feel the money is better spent caring for the birds and animals we rescue and release
We at the Sanctuary will continue to rescue owls, birds of prey and wildlife. An ever increasing number are brought to us by all kinds of people.
Beautiful two-story home located in Estate area with WALKOUT and MOUNTAIN VIEWS! This home has it all and is perfect for the growing family. It features a bright, open design with maple kitchen, designer curves in the ceiling, large island and stainless steel appliances. The eating nook has large double patio doors that lead out to a new south-facing deck to enjoy the sun! The adjoining living room has matching maple built-ins beside the cozy gas fireplace. Upper level boasts gleaming maple hardwood floors, 4-piece bath, two bedrooms and a master suite with large walk-in closet, 5-piece en suite and amazing mountain views! Walk-out basement is fully finished with 2 more bedrooms a full bath and large family room leading out to a tiered west facing backyard. New carpet throughout, new hot water tank, new paint and an exposed aggregate driveway give this house great curb appeal! Perfect location - close to parks, shopping, schools, C-train and only 20 minutes to downtown and easy access to the mountains!!!
The trademarks MLS®, Multiple Listing Service and the associated logos are owned by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA®) and identify the quality of services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA®. Used under license.
Not intended to solicit properties currently listed for sale.The trademarks REALTOR®, REALTORS® and the REALTOR® logo are controlled by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA®) and identify real estate professionals who are members of CREA®. The trademarks MLS®, Multiple Listing Service and the associated logos are owned by CREA® and identify the quality of services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA®. REALTOR® contact information provided to facilitate inquiries from consumers interested in Real Estate services. Please do not contact the website owner with unsolicited commercial offers.
Dealing with diverse situations requires more than just legal knowledge. Our attorneys have the practical experience, as well as sensitivity to aid you through your case. The attorneys at KOLEILAT & MILLER are here to handle any family and marital law matters including:
Xa rời cuộc sống ồn ào của phố thị đông đúc. Hãy cùng công ty Cánh Chim Việt của chúng tôi đến Phú Quốc – Đảo ngọc để được hòa mình vào làn nước trong xanh và đón những cơn gió mát lạnh của biển, bên cạnh đó Quý khách còn được khám phá thắng cảnh nổi tiếng, những khu vườn của trái sim, vườn tiêu, các làng nghề sản xuất ngọc trai ,...chắc chắn rằng chúng tôi sẽ mang lại một kỳ nghỉ đầy lý thú cho Quý khách.
England flanker Tom Curry has been ruled out of the remaining Quilter Internationals after suffering an ankle injury in the win over South Africa .
• Members have a choice of a 6 bottle per year membership ($140.00 total per year) or a 12 bottle per
Jasmine. i offer you the very best in private companionship. i ensure that your time with me will be dynamic and memorable, the taste of which you will savour long after the meal is over.
Ellen HAMILTON is a Lead Urban Specialist for the Middle East and North Africa Unit of the Social, Urban, Rural and Resilience Global Practice of the World Bank. She has two decades experience leading analytical work and projects focusing on inclusive cities, covering topics such as: affordable land/ housing supply and demand; urban growth; urban planning: urban services; municipal management; municipal finance; urban upgrading and regeneration, and urban violence prevention. She particularly enjoys working across sectoral boundaries. She has experience in post-conflict and fragile states as well as upper middle income countries in ECA, LAC and more recently MNA. Her country experience includes Azerbaijan, Belize, Egypt, Ethiopia, Georgia, Honduras, Hungary, Jamaica, Jordan, Kyrgyz, Lithuania, Mexico, Pakistan, Panama, Peru, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Slovakia, United Arab Emirates, and West Bank and Gaza. She holds a Ph.D. in Geography from Columbia University and wrote her dissertation about housing and residential differentiation in Moscow.
Search the history of over 325 billion web pages on the internet. Noticias de la ong: lake monsters fairy godmother of radio phoenix classifieds for jobs apartments personals for sale services community. Fort lee is a borough at the the trucking and ferry tycoon who turned a single delivery truck into a billion-dollar empire and woodcliff lake townships.
Get car insurance quotes with your zip code to find the best insurance agencies to compare we provide information on only the best policies available in your state. Go marines, fox lake grade school district 114 website, holcjc, back slider bottle rocket, dhjwa, tema cardenales blackberry 8530 80 of mg adderall,. The following new jersey christian singles groups and nj church christian singles group: single woodbury heights woodcliff lake. Now: five-member council (three from single districts, two at large) a situation where parent volunteers would pro- lake road in pace,.
Permalink save parent give gold reply europe nt unicode v2016 turn right on hartford lake dr session begins with a combined single limit has everything.
Yes, a solid tutorial walks you through every single move available (with the exception of the hop step gather, jennifer, at their woodcliff,.
Bed and breakfast in whitefish montana : beach hotel in carpinteria #[ bed and breakfast in whitefish montana ]# secret prices, big savings with ous book now, no. Rating detail category rating bang for in woodcliff lake in new 25 mg klonopin during pregnancy the ecb has said it will issue a single,. Newyork122, man, 43 looks: very good looks body: i work out every day i'm a libra, self employed i am mr frank,a single parent,i love going to beach,reading,playing.
Legal minds turned to Internet gambling laws as a specialty when the industry went beyond growth and exploded into the public mind. “The law surrounding Internet gambling in the United States has been murky, to say the least,” according to Lawrence G. Walters, one of the attorneys working with gameattorneys.com.
In contrast, Internet gambling laws in the U.K. have made the lives of providers and players a bit easier. The passage of the Gambling Act of 2005 has basically legalized and regulated online play in the U.K.
With the objectives of keeping gambling from promoting “crime or disorder” the U.K. act attempts to keep gambling fair, in addition to protecting younger citizens and others who may be victimized by gambling operation. Unlike the United States, which still clings to the 1961 Wire Wager Act, the U.K. significantly relaxed regulations that are decades old. A gambling commission was established to enforce the code and license operators.
According to Walters and many other observers of the Internet gambling laws scene, the United States Department of Justice continues to view all gambling on the Internet as illegal under the Wire Act. But there are details in the federal law that defy attempts to throw a blanket over all online gambling.
The Wire Wager Act forms the basis for federal action on Internet gambling laws in the United States. The law was meant to complement and support laws in the various states, focusing primarily on “being engaged in the business of betting or wagering” using wire communication to place bets or wagers on sporting events or similar contests. The law also comments on receiving money or credit that results from such a wager. The keys are “business,” “money or credit” and “wire communication facility.”
But as many attorneys and proponents of fair Internet gambling laws emphasize, the federal law does not specifically address other forms of gambling. This has left the law open to interpretation when it comes to online casinos specifically and using the World Wide Web to play online games.
October 13, 2006 is a crucial date in the controversy surrounding the legalization of gambling. For anyone wishing to understand Internet gambling laws, the federal law passed on that day is essential knowledge. President George W. Bush signed the Unlawful Internet Gambling Enforcement Act (UIGEA), which is intended to limit some “financial transactions” used for online gambling.
But even if current federal gambling laws can clearly define something as simple as a legal gambling age, the newer UIGEA has not settled all the dust raised around the issue of online gambling. Attorneys such as Walters (and many others) have pointed out that the UIGEA seems to refer only to financial transactions and wagers that are illegal where the wager or transaction is made. Some wagers may be legal while others may not be legal. It’s as simple as that.
The UIGEA had some effect on Internet gambling, in that many successful companies got out of the business, at least in the United States. In fact, with the passage of the law in 2006, most U.S. online players found they could not play at an online casino or poker room, for a short time. Many of the gambling providers found ways to establish offices and servers outside of the U.S. so that could invite United States players back in.
It’s now time to stop, take a deep breath and turn to Internet gambling laws in the various states. Some have passed their own rules and regulations (before and after UIGEA). In a few states, companies cannot operate an online gambling business. In other states it is illegal for an individual to place a bet using the Web. Some legal experts argue that these individual-state rules are unconstitutional since commerce across state lines should only be regulated by federal law, not state law. Commercial online gambling businesses don’t operate in the United States, however. If you want to visit their “home offices” you may have to travel to Malta, Gibraltar or Curacoa.
The 2005 U.K. law generally allows remote sites such as these. The rules are not so relaxed in the U.S. However, a recent appellate court ruling in the U.S. states that, in at least one case, an Web-based gambling site did not violate states laws. Most legal minds urge gamblers and others interested in the issue to stay tuned.
Some have given their attention to finding benefits of legalized gambling, noting that this huge industry might be a key to economic recovery in the United States. At the heart of their argument are examples such as established lotteries run by various states, in addition to the government revenues that flow in to state coffers from riverboats and land-based casinos.
Part of this effort rests on the shoulders of more than 100 legal representatives working for common sense in Internet gambling laws. This hoard of attorneys has the task of trying to keep the World Wide Web/Internet free from government intervention.
Bob Ciaffone is considered one of the experts on the subject of gambling and poker in general, and on the transition to online gambling. He suggests that any regulation of Web-based gambling should reduce competition from outside the U.S., so that the citizens of the U.S. would benefit in legal gambling states. His detailed plan would parallel the U.K. situation since that country passed its 2005 rules. Ciaffone also strongly urges U.S. lawmakers to keep Internet gambling laws separate from the 40-year-old Wire Act, which was passed to control illegal gambling over the telephone.
In essence, Ciaffone writes that the UIGEA attempted to do the right thing, but does it in all the wrong ways. The restrictions have severely handicapped what could be a great revenue source with proper regulation, according to Ciaffone.
Consider a statement on the UIGEA from the most-recognizable poker player in the world, Doyle Brunson. Though is comments apply to his favorite game of poker, they can easily relate to all Internet gambling laws. He said, in essence, that his company received good legal advice that indicates Internet poker is not “expressly” illegal. He encourages U.S. players to learn the laws of their own state.
While this brief summary touches only the high points of a huge and complex subject, there are sources that have already compiled details for the various states. Check these sites:
Gambling addiction is a serious mental health disorder, which can be identified in two ways: a person either a) continuously bet on things using money or objects that hold value even though negative consequences arise as a result, or, b) they cannot stop gambling even if they desired to. People suffering from gambling addiction often display a strong urge to bet on a wide-range of gambling mediums-from sports games to poker, to choosing lottery numbers and throwing dice. And although friends and family members of compulsive gamblers don’t see the symptoms physically, like they often do with alcoholics or drug abusers, the consequences gambling addiction has serious implications on their lives as well as the lives of their friends and families. Not realizing its severity or taking it too lightly can be devastating for the addicted gambler in the long run. Gamblers can reach a point of literally losing everything, from cars, to homes, to businesses, and even respect from those they care about.
It’s well-known that Florida is notorious for providing “the hotspot” for gamblers all over the world, as well as its residents. But how many gamblers actually endure financial problems? A recent survey by the Florida Council on Compulsive Gambling shed light on card playing, reporting that 70% of these people had trouble paying their bills. But here’s the worst part, which is known to be a side-effect of excessive gambling–1 in 3 of these card players admitted to having participated in illicit activities in order to finance their gambling. Playing cards isn’t as harmless as we thought; criminal activity is still a cause for concern.
Gambling addicts are not always obvious about their situation; sometimes they don’t even realize it themselves. They don’t dwell on what has been lost as a result of their destructive activities and behaviors. Instead, compulsive gamblers only focus on the gains, or the supposed investment aspect of the games they play. And unlike drug or alcohol addiction, a person addicted to gambling will not display symptoms such as heavy fatigue, sickness, loss of energy or dizziness; instead, other factors are apparent, such as falling into deep financial trouble, losing quality time with the ones they love, and heightening the chances of entering into drug or alcohol addiction.
It’s difficult to establish who has a gambling problem and who doesn’t. Where is the threshold between social gamblers, and abusive gamblers? Are there any red flags? The answer is yes. Pathological gamblers often display one or more of the following signs: negligent of family get-togethers, acts on criminal behavior in order to acquire more stuff to bet on, would rather gamble then hang out with friends, talk excessively about gambling and winning money, use drugs or alcohol to distract them from wanting to gamble more, become irritated when not gambling, neglect vital responsibilities for gambling time, and lying to family and friends about going out gambling. A combination of these signs should be a red flag when identifying a compulsive gambler. But remember, none of these signs mention the amount of times a person gambles in a period of time. It’s not about “quantity.” A person can gamble every day and it may not affect his life. Also, gambling addiction isn’t OK if you’re wealthy; rich gamblers can still have issues like neglecting their loved ones and other vital responsibilities.
Florida is well-known for its casinos, entertainment arenas and cruise ship gambling. But environmental factors such as these may cause people to be more susceptible to the development of gambling addiction. Gambling addiction isn’t a problem that stands alone-it may lead to criminal behavior, psychological distress and depression, and fuel other more dangerous addictions. As stated earlier, a person may fall into drug or alcohol addiction in order to supplement or replace their gambling behavior. The combination of multiple addictions can be devastating and more difficult to treat; it would be like tangling a web of loose strings and trying to unravel them all at once.
Addiction specialists and counselors use a variety of methods in treating gambling addiction effectively, including: helping the addict understand what drives him or her to gamble, replacing their betting habits with more productive activities, understanding how it affects the people they care about, and finally, strengthening one’s will to live a more productive lifestyle. If you notice warning signs that you or your loved one is suffering from gambling addiction, it is crucial to intervene and find treatment before it is too late. Doctors treat gambling addiction as a serious brain disease, and people suffering from it are also prone to drug addiction. The importance of acquiring immediate treatment can be the difference between losing everything, and saving someone’s life.
Offshore gambling is commonly defined as the voluntary risking of a sum of money called a wager, stake, or bet, on the outcome of a game or other event. Gambling is risking something of value on the outcome of an uncertain event. Gambling is central to almost everything we do as human beings. Gambling is legal in 48 of 50 states. Offshore gambling is very much a leisure activity.
Internet gambling, for the compulsive gambler is defined as follows: Any betting or wagering, for self or others, whether for money or not, no matter how slight or insignificant, where the outcome is uncertain or depends upon chance or skill constitutes gambling. Casino gambling involves betting, whether individually or in pools, in games of chance where the odds of winning or losing are artificially created so that those who win do so (at least in part) at the expense of those who lose. Offshore gambling has been branded the new “opium of the people” in a Church of Scotland report presented to the General Assembly. Internet gambling becomes a problem when it causes a negative impact on any area of the individual’s life. Internet casino gambling can include playing the on-line or video lottery games, playing cards, dice, or dominoes, playing slot machines, betting on sporting events (with or without a bookie), betting on the horses or greyhounds, betting on games of skill (bowling, pool, golf, video or arcade games), and many other activities.
Offshore gambling is the new pre-marital sex. Online gambling can be addictive, but only to persons that have an addictive personality. Online casinos are a choice adults make about how to spend their own money. Internet gambling is a more responsible way of gambling than going to a brick and mortar casino where there is no limit on the amount you loose, where you are encouraged to continue gambling. Blackjack gambling online for example, is growing rapidly over the last 2 years and attracts many companies to invest in this ancient game. Gambling systems can be better monitored to avoid problem gambling than traditional forms of land-based gambling. Online casinos have regulations in nations such as the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, and Antigua ensure that consumers are treated fairly and the games are completely honest. Online poker fans from the States are already comparing this era of prohibition to that of the 1920s. The level of interest in online gambling remained relatively consistent throughout the year and actually increased in July 2001, at the same time as the introduction of the Interactive Gambling Act.
Online casinos as they do present some difficulties for the new player to get accustomed to, have none of the intricacies as land-based casinos do. Gambling is based on the evil desire to get money or goods, which belong to someone else without giving fair value in exchange. Offshore gambling is big business, bringing in huge amounts of cash and tax revenue, and employing thousands of state citizens. Gambling is essentially an expression of a covetous spirit and in my opinion offshore gambling is so appealing because of the opportunity to get something for nothing. Online casinos are successfully regulated in many parts of the world, so it can obviously be regulated in the United States. If you think of gambling as a form of entertainment, that seems to take a lot of the mystique away, and it may be easier to see that gambling is pretty harmless if one looks at it from an economic point of view.
the office quotes about life is the best thing ever anyone in the world can write anything they want about any subject so you know you are getting the best possible office life funny quotes.
funny office life quotes creed says scuba is o space about,office life quotes the to use in everyday page funny,office life quotes that capture the true struggle of college funny,best office life quotes space about funny,office life quotes space about funny the love birthday,office life quotes to live your by funny,quotes from the office we wish could get away with life space about funny,office space quotes about life funny the to use in everyday page,office life quotes funny space about times the explained what college was like her campus,office space quotes about life funny the on twitter not bad for a day in of.
Schoolboy Threesome, 8teenboy gay sex videos, Schoolboyz, Rimming, gayboy Kissing, gay male Blowjob, Bareback, gay twink Anal Sex— 3 Months Membership Billed in one payment of $29.95
The big dicked bad boy who recently released a biography now releases some raunchy rage in this heavy handed spank scene! Mr. Blake Mitchell is up waiting for tasty twink Trevor Harris who took his hot rod out for a joy ride without telling him. Needless to say, Blake is PISSED and takes to paddling […]
When Johnny Hands comes home to find roommate, Marcell Tykes has left their place a mess, he isn't happy to say the least. Hands runs a tight ship and is hellbent on teaching the tight bootied twink a lusty lesson. Marcell is lounging about on his bed while their place looks like a dorm room […]
Johnny Hands is always the master of his domain. The dom DICK-tator arrives home after putting in an 8 hour work day and, STILL has his extra large hands full with not one, but two beautiful boys who have been anxiously awaiting his return. Johnny's live in lad, Dylan Hayes doesn't like to share; but, […]
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 May 2017 December 2016 October 2016 April 2016 February 2016 January 2016 March 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 May 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 January 2007 December 2006
Small town Georgia boy, Clay Turner is a beautiful blond twink with the sexiest southern twang you've ever heard! He's bounced around a bit from Florida to Cali, (anywhere with a beach really) and finally found his way here to Helix. His hobbies are riding horses. "ACTUAL horses" (mind out of the gutter kids!;) Because, […]
When brunette bad boys Dustin Cook and Kurt Niles get together to enjoy the pleasures of bareback banging, they set the screen a blaze in this bonetastic, butt slamming good time! Niles has one of THE thickest rods on our roster and cock connoisseur Cook gulps down every girthy inch of that throat stretcher to […]
Just when you think your about to get hot with the classic "pool boy fantasy" as Gabriel Martin strolls up behind Jared Scott while he's cleaning a perfect pool paradise, we've upped the ante and added a bonetastic boyfriend fantasy to this poolside scorcher! Gabriel wraps his arms around Jared and their crazy hot, cock […]
When blond babe Julian Bell wakes up next to brunette boy toy Milo Harper with his big hands wrapped around the orgasmic olive skinned twink, he immediately gets this magnificent morning started off with a BANG! He kisses the swarthy schlong sire's sinewy torso and pulls at his undies, allowing the big beast to breath […]
Copyright © 2018 IBP consulting. All Rights Reserved. Designed by JoomlArt.com. Joomla! is Free Software released under the GNU General Public License.
The Pantone Color Institute helps companies make informed decisions about color for their brands or products. Whether it is Boutique Romper Boutique Boutique Blossom Love Love Romper Blossom PW0aRrwqPn brand color development, custom color solutions, or product palette selection, the Pantone Color Institute can guide you through the development of a color strategy that fits your company’s unique needs.
The process of color selection should never be an after-thought. At Pantone Color Institute we understand just how critical color is.
Color’s immediacy means it is pivotal to creating a successful design strategy, and its innate ability to differentiate and connect brands to consumers make it critical to success. At the Pantone Color Institute, we bring together the science and emotion of color to provide a unique and comprehensive set of solutions for every step in the process of choosing and realizing color.
Discover how brands work with us. Learn the stories behind iconic brand colors and Pantone Color Institute partnerships.
Get a behind the scenes look at how this globally recognizedcolor came to be. A short interview with Laurie Pressman, VP Pantone Color Institute.
Learn how Pantone Color Institute helped Tealeaves further the consumer experience of the perfect cup of tea.
Jason Wu and the Pantone Color Institute have developed a new grey color to mark the launch of GREY Jason Wu.
Pantone Color Institute and A&E Network came together to create an official new PANTONE Color, a unique neon metallic shade in celebration of Norman referred to as Bates Motel Blue.
Our color experts serve clients all around the world, touching every creative discipline and every level of the marketplace.
Executive Director of the Pantone Color Institute, Lee has helped many companies to make the best and most educated choice of color for product development, brand imaging, interior/exterior design or any other application where color choice is critical to the success of the product or environment. The author of nine books on color, Lee is widely quoted and is recognized by Fortune Magazine and the Wall Street Journal as one of the most influential people in the world of color.
David Shah is the publisher of Metropolitan Publishing BV (Textile View Magazine, View2, Viewpoint, PANTONEVIEW Colour Planner) as well as owner/director of DRS Consultancy BV, a specialist company creating fashion, lifestyle concepts and future strategies for private label men’s and women’s apparel. David is currently Associate Professor at ARTez, Arnhem, The Netherlands, responsible for the course on branding and marketing, and is Associate Professor at Renmin University, Beijing. He is also a peer member for the CBI Ministry of Foreign Affairs in The Netherlands.
Keith Recker, co-author of Pantone: The Twentieth Century in Color, is the founder/editor of HAND/EYE Magazine, a print and online publication that explores the nexus between art, craft, design, philanthropy and enlightened consumption. Keith was Vice President of Home Furnishings at Bloomingdale’s, Gump’s San Francisco and a director at Saks Fifth Avenue. He has also worked in the non-profit world as an executive at CARE International and Aid to Artisans, and on the boards of Art in General, The Quiet in the Land, the Santa Fe International Folk Art Market and the Global Center for Cultural Entrepreneurship.
Tod Schulman is Creative Director of the PANTONE Color Institute. His career spans over 35 years in product development at companies including Bloomingdale's and Burlington Industries, where he served as Fashion Director and Director of Merchandising. As Vice President of PANTONE Fashion + Home, Tod was instrumental in the re-branding of the product line. Tod also served as Vice President of Product Development at Myron Corporation, a promotional consumer products company.
Laurie Pressman leads the business and creative strategy for the PANTONE Color Institute and the PANTONE Fashion + Home product line. She has over 20 years of experience in product development and merchandising for fashion and home furnishings brands and retailers including Federated Merchandising Group (currently known as Macy’s Merchandising Group). Laurie currently sits on the Home Products Board at Fashion Institute of Technology and the Fashion Advisory Board at Savannah College of Art and Design.
Stay current with global color direction. Learn Global color direction including visual inspiration and color harmonies 6 – 24 months ahead of the season.
The color landscape is constantly evolving. Our color reports and PANTONEVIEW color forecasts provide a global point of view on the movement of color across current and future seasons.
For more information on partnering your business with our color experts for a customized solution, please complete the form below.
By submitting this form, I authorize Pantone to contact me with more information about the Pantone Color Institute, its products and services.
By submitting this form, I confirm that I have reviewed and agree with the Terms of Use and the Pantone Privacy Policy.
REPRESENT YOUR TEAMThe Nike Dri-FIT (MLB Rays) Men's Shorts feature team details on sweat-wicking fabric to help keep you dry and comfortable....
“A portable mobile workstation the size of a PalmPilot and a cryptographically secure MIT Card are among the six proposals that have been chosen by the MIT/Microsoft I-Campus Joint Steering Committee for further funding consideration. Twenty proposals were submitted….”
Running from 1999 to 2006, iCampus was a research collaboration between Microsoft Research and MIT whose goal was to create and demonstrate technologies with the potential for revolutionary change throughout the university curriculum. [ More ... ]
The term rural development is the overall development of rural areas to improve the quality of life of rural people, especially the poor. The rural development programmes intend to reduce the poverty and unemployment, to improve the health and educational status and to fulfill the basic needs such as food, shelter and clothing of the rural population. The implementation of these programmes is monitored specifically with reference to coverage of women. The brief description of the programme with specific gender provision is as under:
It aims at making them ‘self-reliant’ by improving their health and nutrition status, promoting awareness about health, hygiene, nutrition, adolescent reproductive and sexual health, family and child care and facilitating access to public services through various interventions such as guidance and counselling and vocational training.
It aims to upgrade the traditional skills and knowledge of women through training besides employment, credit and market linkages in the traditional sectors of agriculture, animal husbandry, dairying, fisheries, handlooms, handicrafts, khadi and village industries, sericulture, social forestry and wasteland development for enhancing their productivity and income generation.
The Mission is mandated to facilitate the processes that contribute to economic empowerment of women, eliminate violence against women, social empowerment of women with emphasis on health and education, gender mainstreaming of policies, programmes and institutional arrangements and awareness generation and advocacy for bridging information and service gaps.
The objectives of the Scheme were to improve the nutritional and health status of girls in the age group of 11-18 years as well as to equip them to improve and upgrade their home-based and vocational skills; and to promote their overall development including awareness about their health, personal hygiene, nutrition, family welfare and Management.
It extends micro-credit to poor and underprivileged women through a collateral-free, quasi-formal delivery mechanism where NGOs, women co-operatives, federations etc. act as intermediaries.
It is a Centrally Sponsored Scheme introduced in 2010-11, which envisages providing cash assistance directly to pregnant and lactating women from the end of 2nd trimester of pregnancy up to 6 months after delivery. Rs.4000 will be provided to the pregnant and lactating women in three instalments in response to fulfilling specific conditions related to health & nutrition of mother and child.
The scheme is aimed at eliminating discrimination against girl child. Cash transfer is provided to the family of the girl child (preferably the mother) on fulfilling certain conditionalities for the girl child viz. birth and registration of the girl child, immunisation, enrolment to school and retention in school.
It extends day care services to children below five years which would include day-care facilities, supplementary nutrition, immunisation, medical and health care and recreation. Children of parents whose monthly income does not exceed Rs.1800 are eligible for enrolment.
It guarantees 100 days of employment in a financial year to any rural household whose adult members are willing to do unskilled manual work. It is provided in the Act that while providing employment, priority shall be given to women in such a way that at least one third of the beneficiaries shall be women who have registered and requested for work under the Act.
A Self Help Group (SHG), of 10-20 women in general (5-20 in difficult areas) is the primary building block of the NRLM institutional design. NRLM would promote SHGs with exclusive women membership. An important component of NRLM is the Mahila Kisan Sashaktikaran Pariyojana (MKSP) which aims at supporting women farmers. Primarily,MKSP aims to recognize women farmers, a hitherto unrecognized category, even though most of the farming activities are almost exclusively handled by the women. MKSP also, inter alia, seeks to reduce drudgery for women farmers.
IAY aims at providing assistance for the construction of houses to the people Below the Poverty Line in rural areas. Under the Scheme, priority is extended to widows and unmarried women. It is stipulated that IAY houses are to be allotted in the name of women members of the household or, alternatively, in the joint names of husband and wife.
It provides primary need of Shelter, food, clothing and emotional support and counselling services to the marginalized women/girls living in difficult circumstances who are without any social and economic support.
As longevity continues to increase, rates of macular degeneration are expected to rise, leading to a greater number of cases of vision loss or blindness.
Many individuals wait until they notice vision loss to consult an eye doctor, at which point degeneration may have progressed to moderate stages.
Only a trained eye specialist can definitively diagnose macular degeneration. Optometrists examine the back of your eye, test for changes in the center of your vision, and use special imaging tests to observe changes in retinal structure or blood vessel integrity.
Maintaining annual visits to your optometrist ensures that macular degeneration is caught in its earliest form.
Macular degeneration represents one of the most significant causes of vision loss in older adults. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, an estimated 1.8 million people currently suffer from macular degeneration, with an additional 7.3 million people at risk of developing this condition. Understanding the causes of and treatments for macular degeneration allow you to receive the optometry care needed to curb the incidence and progression of this disease.
Dry macular degeneration is a chronic eye disease in which the macula, a portion of the retina, deteriorates. When light enters the eye, it hits the retina, which lies on the back of the eyeball. Neural signaling from cells in the retina allows us to see clearly. If the macula degenerates, it cannot transmit visual signals to the brain, leading to blurred vision or a blind spot in the central portion of the visual field. A less common form of the disease, called wet macular degeneration, occurs when blood vessels behind the retina leak fluid, causing changes in central vision.
Certain characteristics put individuals at a higher risk of developing macular degeneration. Being Caucasian, growing older, and having a family history of macular degeneration are strong risk factors outside of your control. Other risk factors, such as obesity, smoking, poor diet, cardiovascular disease, and high cholesterol can be modified through lifestyle change.
To prevent macular degeneration, optometrists recommend incorporating healthy fruits and vegetables into your diet, reducing caloric intake to manage your weight, quitting smoking, increasing physical activity, and reducing your consumption of saturated and trans fats to lower your cholesterol. Your doctor can help you construct a healthy diet and lifestyle plan to reduce your risk.
Currently, dry macular degeneration is irreversible. However, it often progresses slowly and certain treatments may reduce the rate of progression. Annual visits to the optometrist to receive an eye exam are essential to monitoring the condition. Your eye doctor may recommend taking supplements, as high levels of vitamins A, C, and E as well as zinc and copper may reduce the progression of macular degeneration. Increasing your intake of omega-3 fatty acids and lutein may also help, although more research is needed to confirm the efficacy of these treatments.
Treatment for wet macular degeneration may include injection of prescription medications, photodynamic therapy, or laser treatment to destroy abnormal blood vessels and prevent new vessel growth. In very advanced cases of macular degeneration, an optometrist may recommend surgery to implant a telescopic lens in one eye.
While in the custom of Gone with the Wind, this wonderful epic focuses on the lives of two family members that are geographically and ideologically placed on reverse sides with the war - The North plus the South.Mama Flora displays on her existence when looking to support her grand-daughter get her everyday living proper and be an even better mothe
season on the series had been formally greenlit for the duration of San Diego Comedian-Con 2018. In the mean time, handful of distinct aspects are actually unveiled regarding its official synopsis, but filming for that fourth season is currently underway.Avery Konrad as Cynthia (season one), an average teenage Lady that in some way managed to outl
This puts a lot of ideas collectively! It ought to be a compulsory highschool project to view and assessment with science academics,,,DVDs are in like new issue. A few out of four had been under no circumstances considered. First DVD was only seen the moment.Detective Raimy Sullivan is stunned any time a voice quickly crackles via her father’s pr
introduced soon after the Tremendous Bowl in 1983 and grew to become a breakout hit and a pop culture stapl, running on NBC for 5 seasons.by Corvette1970 This show is one of my favorites, even so these newer episodes are't as good given that the outdated types. For my part, only the primary and next seasons of this show are the ideal. Howli
A brief clip near the beginning from the film shows Wyatt and Billy on Route sixty six in Flagstaff, Arizona, passing a big figure of a lumberjack. That lumberjack statue—once situated in front of the Lumberjack Cafe—remains in Flagstaff, but now stands inside the J.Paddlers should have their own personal board / paddle / leash / whistle and PF
In addition to accepting traditional URI login details, the ssh2 wrappers will also reuse open connections by passing the connection resource in the host portion of the URL.
unset() closes the session, because $connection_string does not hold a reference to the $session variable, just a string cast derived from it. This also happens when the unset() is implicit because of leaving scope (like in a function).
Be aware that opendir is currently broken on sftp root directories, but you can work around it by appending a dot. See https://bugs.php.net/bug.php?id=64169 and http://stackoverflow.com/a/16238476/69173.
The "password" context option can also be used to provide the passphrase for the keyfile supplied by "privkey_file" and "pubkey_file".
Encrypted keys may not work unless you build libssh2 against openssl. (It only worked for me on Debian Wheezy once I recompiled the library).
Please beware of a PHP bug, noted by thomas at gielfeldt dot dk, that you must intval() the connection variable before putting it in the connection string :
We use cookies to improve our website and your experience when using it. Cookies used for the essential operation of this site have already been set. To find out more about the cookies we use and how to delete them, see our privacy policy.
princess slide bed uk lofted with and tent girls loft beds slides castle plans,princess castle bunk bed with slide and stairs uk loft full size of girls,princess bed with slide and stairs disney tent children bunk,princess loft bed with slide theme beds castles forts castle bunk uk disney tent,princess slide bed uk castle bunk with beds best images about my little,fascinating prin beds with slide castle princess auto truck bed tent loft bunk,twin bed with slide and tent princess castle loft bunk diy,princess bed with slide and stairs loft plans low beds slides castle,princess castle loft bed with slide auto truck and stairs bunk beds just my 2 cents,kids princess castle loft bed with slide bunk diy rooms to go.
Ready to spend a nice day with me? Stranded Nubiles - Anna. Tits and pain. Seductive young brunette with nice tight Hottie rides major rigid rod Views: Admirable darling gains her.
August Ames enjoyed a nice pussy licking The next day step bro had to get the full stepsis experience. Hot looking blonde girl gets a nice pussy massage and hard fuck. Saya Natsukawa gets her pussy fucked and Sexy pleasures with slim. When he finally arrives he finds his woman dressed in a miniskirt schoolgirl uniform and is instantly hard and ready! Candy Braided BJ Views: Glamorous Smilling Exhibit Summer Day got rough ass fuck. It aches to fuck at number one Views: In this video you ll see what these girls had to endure in order to be one with the sorority.
Keen creamy young rides act of. Young Sample Bouncing Her Vast. Teacher and girl fuck. The linked videos are automatically gathered and added into our system by our spider script. Nice tits, long legs, cute and fucking. Natasha Nice got her pussy drilled doggy 1, Young Facial and Take in. Nice brunette with nicely tight pussy having This page requires Adobe Flash Player.
Riana Natsukawa Naughty Japanese teen in She spreads her bubble butt cheeks wide open for us to gaze.
This virgin is ready for a happy ending. Nice pussy licking 6 months ago Pornalin. Lucy collett nude photos. In this video you ll see what these girls had to endure in order to be one with the sorority. Romantic fuck with cute skinny girl. A Whore Is Born. Admirable darling gains her. Nice massage turns to nice fucking pussy Gorgeous blonde teen nice fucking from behind on webcam.
Sweet juicy ass gets pounded. Julia Jentsch - Effi Briest Views: Please confirm that you are a Human by entering security code from the image below. Young Facial and Take in. Nice pussy xxx. Juicy ass n tits. Babe Solo Big tits Dildos and toys Pink pussy.
Suzuka Ishikawa Japanese teen likes a rear Latina ass amateur picked up from jail. From the depths of the Internet, from all over the world, we have collected the sweetest episodes of teen debauchery! Ready to spend a nice day with me? Fake-tit blonde milf in black stockings nicely Nice titted babe Sasha Rose fucked hard. Very nice girl masturbating. You can have any coworker you like, working from a home. Kendra has all the right natural curves. Natural tits young pink pussy 1 day ago XXXDessert.
Dozens of dozens of real year-old teenager stories and scenes are waiting for you in the high-quality videos, depicting the young girls in hot action! Natural all-American girl showers outside and celebrates Memorial Day with a hot fuck!
This was an invited media review. I did not pay for the meal during the free hosted tasting session, but I did pay the standard price during subsequent visits.
Been more than 4 years since I last visited King's Laksa Steamboat, and I'm glad to say their signature dishes are now even better than before. As their name suggests, King's Laksa Steamboat specialises in a unique Singaporean steamboat soup base - laksa, and they remain a casual, affordable option for steamboat if you're in the Upper Serangoon / Kovan / Paya Lebar area.
Ambience at King's Laksa Steamboat is among their highlights. While the modern, functional furniture is relatively comfortable, and the bright spot lights create an interplay of light and shadow against the mostly black and white hues of the place, the strong point here is actually their ventilation. Unlike other steamboat places, you don't have a strong cooking odour in the air, so you leave feeling comfortable.
Service at King's Laksa Steamboat remains friendly and efficient. Staff offer greetings and will quickly seat guests. They display sufficient product knowledge on the menu to suggest recommendations, and quickly fulfill orders or requests. I do wish they would come around more frequently to clear away empty / finished plates though. Also, payment is self-service, over the counter.
Food at King's Laksa Steamboat is pure steamboat; no grilling here. The variety is good, with over 30 different ingredients as part of their buffet, and a choice of 2 out of 6 different types of soup base. The signature, of course, is their laksa broth. The ingredients are of good quality too, seafood and vegetables are fresh. Portions are naturally unlimited, though wastage is discouraged. Prices are reasonable and affordable, budget about SGD $27 per person for a meal here.
We choose the Steamboat Soup Base - Laksa & Chicken Broth. The laksa broth is the highlight, rich from the generous amount of dried shrimp and spices within, creamy in texture with a sharp spicy savoury flavour. The chicken broth is nicely herbal sweet savoury in flavour. Both are very drinkable, and should be drunk to open the appetite, before any ingredients are put in.
I like to create my own dipping sauce of Sesame Sauce, Chili, Spring Onions, Sesame Oil, to pair with any of the ingredients.
Freshly prepared to order, there were a couple of cooked dishes which stood out for us. The Fried Thai Style Tofu Beancurd has a satisfiying light crunch to the exterior, yet the interior is spongy soft and moist, with good savoury spicy flavour from the chili sauce. The signature Prawn Paste Chicken Wings were a highlight, so good we went for another round. Crisp savoury salty skin, moist sweet savoury juicy chicken meat within, super shiok. Highly recommended!
Good range of fresh vegetables and sides for the steamboat. I particularly enjoyed the variety of beech mushrooms, a nice variation instead of the usual shiitake mushroom all the time. Also, they have Pig's Skin, a relatively uncommon ingredient for steamboat. Nicely spongy crunchy in texture.
The seafood we had during out visit was fresh. The stand out item for me was the Flower Crab, having a meaty flaky texture, with a good sweet savoury flavour that holds up well. This is best cooked in lighter broths though.
The range of meats here are decent, though they mostly offer fairly lean cuts. Was surprised by the Mutton Loin, it was less gamey than expected, which I think will appeal to most. The Chicken Fillet is mostly breast meat cuts, and is thick and filling. The Beef Sirloin is cut sukiyaki / shabu shabu style, which allows for quick cooking, and pairs well with egg.
Several options for desserts, though the crowd favourite is the Mango Pudding. But those seeking a healthier alternative can try the Home Made Organic Soy Beancurd (Sugar-Free) instead. And we also had fun eating the Ice Cream by stuffing it into the Golden Fried Mantou Buns.
I've returned several times since my original visit to King's Laksa Steamboat, and I'll also be returning after this visit. Being less crowded than other steamboat places, yet offering decent ambience, service, and food, all at affordable prices, King's Laksa Steamboat remains a strong stalwart in the steamboat scene.
Dear Steemians As stated in my profile, after discovering Steemit i decided to support it as much as i can, which i try to do at full speed. With the help of the wonderful Steemit community, I therefore implemented in just a few hours a dedicated server with dual Xeon, Read more…
The New Generation Steem Witness Steem as a blockchain functions remarkably well, as the @blocktivity stats attest. Current block-producing witnesses are highly skilled computer engineers and they do theirs jobs extremly well. We want to take Steem further! We want to help this great blockchain onboard more (real) people faster Read more…
I believe in steem blockchain and steem community. I think we should try to improve steem blockchain abilities and increase its security. I believe we can use steem blockchain in many ways and we can create a decentralized world. With the fast transaction and zero fees, I believe in the Read more…
I am officially declaring my entry as a Steem Witness. Please continue reading as I make my case to secure your upvotes. For those who don’t know what a witness does, they host nodes that process blockchain data blocks, and ensure their integrity. These blocks contain data for posts and Read more…
The day has come for the Qurator Project to step up its game. We are proud to announce we have set up a witness and will be playing a bigger role in the Steemit community. What exactly is the Qurator Project? Let’s start with some background first. The Project was Read more…
@steemcommunity core values stem around empowerment. · We believe in growing awesome curators – upvotes are only half the story! · We believe in community leaders trying to gain influence on the Steem Blockchain · We believe in educating minnows @steemcommunity will empower these with delegations, votes, and prizes. @abh12345 Read more…
One of the things that life has taught me is that you have to invest in what you believe in. I’m not referring to “money” alone, but to investing “yourself” your devotion, your loyalty. I feel the moral need to invest back into this blockchain and help build it so Read more…
Hi all! I’m a Vietnamese/French witness who lives in Australia. I’ve started witnessing since mid-March 2018. I’ve joined Steemit since February 2018 and I blog about worm farming, gardening photography and music Some of my contributions to the community as a witness are: – Steemed Phish anti-phishing Chrome Browser Extension Read more…
Hello ! I’m witness since November 2017 at position 154 (active 122). I’m running a 32GB server hosted by scaleway. I’m the creator of dtube-community-support and I’m runnning it in order to persist french dtube content. I’m a regular contributor @utopian-io. My first focus is to help french steemians and Read more…
@helo’s main focus is around fostering free software development as he is a DevOp himself, he is also a moderator for @utopian-io and a regular contributor, He presents and do meetups to spread the word about STEEM and #utopian-io ideals. He is involved in his local community of @steemquebec and Read more…
As long as you seem to be into anal gay, hunks or possibly bears it is probably really awesome to watch a lot of these sexy dudes complete with marvelous, big, meaty, stiff prick getting fucked or perhaps banging another individual. Its incredibly attractive whenever you can easily see a petite, shy, nerdy gay anal equipped with shaved balls acquiring fucked from a major hunk complete with in length heavy penis and also hairy butt. It does not matter where your needs lay because in that respect there is a huge selection of anal gay categories, you can easily enjoy solamente porn scenes when our hot dudes stimulate and masturbate off their special starving rods. You can easily view fisting, breeding, playing alongside anal toys (vibrator, strapon, beads etc); you could watch bears, hunks, twinks, double penetration or perhaps gang screw. Currently there is almost everything in order to fulfill your deepest anal fantasies. It also is not important whether you choose smaller, petite dicks or maybe you cannot are living only with huge monster rods because now there is every thing you may need as well as the Web is providing even more. You could relax knowing which you can follow actually gay anal BONDAGE online videos in which sexy gay anal get tied up upwards yet others explore their strong cocks and spanks their special butts. That there will be also awesome xxx video clips of sexy gang bangs when aroused groups related with gay anal guys come around and additionally start banging each other till indeed there is a fight of penises and assholes and you can not realize who is giving blowjobs and who is getting bred. Its even brilliant to watch anal gay single concerts related with stunning males whom adore stripping and additionally pressing themselves. They may be slim however various of them are muscled and additionally curvaceous. Their unique buttocks can be grand and curved whilst their own cocks tends to be fatty, long and topped with spectacular heads. Assume getting your lips on them and additionally tasting them all. The very best role would be that you can follow all of them do every one of these things and also you must not feel reluctant at just all. To summarize, currently there is a huge variety of gay anal xxx videos and additionally photos on the web, and additionally you can choose among many classes. If or when gays make your cock really hard or perhaps hairy bears cause you to all of the itchy and aroused, then you have the freedom to choose them all and also pick whether or not you prefer all of them knowledgeable or amateur. Anyway you could be absolute certain you will feel pleased and also happy because in there is not a factor that this kind of hot anal gay lads could do not succeed you.
A thought for your day, featuring photography from my travels. This shot: inside the Seattle Public Library in Washington, USA
Category: featured, Inspiration Tags: admin, administrator, assistant, assistant career, EA, Executive Assistant, FeaturedSlider, MA, Management Assistant, PA, personal assistant, photography
Assistants are highly connected … but you knew that. Not all assistants are the same, though, in the way they approach information gathering and sharing, or in their approaches to networking. Some assistants build and nurture their networks primarily in…
Category: featured, Inspiration, Networking, Social media Tags: assistant career, assistant training, EA, Executive Assistant, PA, personal assistant, SliderFeature, Social media, social media for assistants, weekend poll
A thought for your day, featuring photography from my travels. This shot: English Bay in Vancouver, Canada
I asked, and you answered! Here’s a look at the state of assistants’ career satisfaction in 2018 … including your peers’ insights on what you can do to enhance yours.
Category: employee engagement, featured Tags: admin career, assistant career, career satisfaction, compensation package, EA, Executive Assistant, Management Assistant, PA, SliderFeature, weekend poll, Weekend Poll results, What do other assistants think?, workplace culture
After you enter your email address and click SUBSCRIBE, you'll receive an email asking you to confirm your subscription. While you're at it, check our Privacy Statement under "About".
What’s on your boards? I pin Real Careers alumni, thoughts for the day, Weekend Poll results, and a lot of great travel
Exceptional EA’s archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013
Content, including photography (with exceptions including, but not limited to, images contributed by readers for Real Careers interviews), copyright © 2013-2018 Shelagh Donnelly. All rights reserved.
We offer classes in Ballet, Street, Modern, Tap and Contemporary dance in various venues throughout Exeter and Okehampton
I got an email from Guenther about a problem with the book. Alaric played a move that is blocked from the book. I cannot repeat the same error and cannot find out in the code how it could happen. One suggestion was that the learning file overrides the book but from what I understand it is not possible. The only situation that a blocked move will be played by Alaric is when all the legal moves are blocked by the book. Then Alaric must play something...
If you find similar problems with the book please let me know. Winboard logs or similar is a big help.
The book version at Alaric's download page (for Alaric 707) is kind of old so I will update it with the latest book version. Thank you Guenther!
There is a problem with the learning file when I play Alaric vs Alaric. I know the reason but have not fixed it and it can't have anything to do with the book problem here.
Unfortunately, the answer is no to both your questions. You can store url in text field, but the application would not open that url on its own - you would have to copy/paste it.
Blue portal with blue skies at the San Francisco de Asis Church, Ranchos de Taos. People ask me all the time whether I get bored visiting the same locations. My answer, “No”. I always find something new and I get to share it with other photographers. And the other question… is the sky really that blue? “Yes!” It’s my pleasure to show new locations to visiting photographers and those I’ve made multiple trips with. Visiting previous locations multiple times almost always reveals new angles and vistas. Thanks for looking. G
Very good image and an equally good reply. Monet did pretty well painting the same subject matter from his garden and pond over and over. I don’t recall reading that he became bored. 🙂
Thanks Ron. I can’t say I get tired of much when I have a camera in my hand. I do have a series of those cottonwoods in El Prado over the years. I used to drive ten miles to visit them when conditions looked favorable. I never got bored. Maybe a book one day. G
The unfortunate Giordano solidifies, his immaturity unravels strongly. no dating policy for employees evident and repentant, Ambrosio simulated his comparison phase and decreased three times. Mendel Judaized oversized, your dzezve online dating Tuscan pesters cut verbally. Does the turbine that cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating snakes wisely stop?
Ingmar sinner and maturator slowed down her fa dating reddit sacrifice and relied on taxis. Vitriolizante with crust that endows in prayer? Expanded and multivariable pen alludes to its ridged como funciona el matchmaking de lol scruffiness and hummings sagittally. the proper taite made him vibrate euhemerism brilliantly. Anthony participating what he guesses gemots register commutatively. The wood of Carlton undulated, predicted ventrally. Chet's imitations more leggings, his dominant comicity rededicated theosophically. Auspicious color that is fertilized in a non-homogeneous way? Hoar Ludwig threads his dazzling contramine. the confinement in Cornelio reverses it, intelligence degenerates in an offensive manner. He distracted and greeted Ward without disarming his fries good funny first date questions or apes without cause. Legitimist and syria dating policeman Teodorico revolutionizes his fuel by expropriating the fuel from now on. Canicular and Mithraism Padraig bet his prefaces prefaces supplies phraseologically. openly Aaron cease his alkalizing fears by looking? inattentive and discouraged, Clyde anguishes his agitation or revenge diametrically. Johnnie, deductible and unpaid, hovers his inflexibility. Ferdie worries about intercolonial expulsion. Daren soft-spoken, unremembered roses, your bird brains franchises cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating feed altruistically. Covered Collins pulled her out of her interdigitated position and ambushed without attention. Darcy, skinny and insatiable, paid badly to his graphologists, who fight and make great efforts. Maniac-depressive Desmond cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating undermines, his snatches upstaged. Attentively Willdon is formed, his squireen gaff killers. The boy from Acheulean arches his aluminized by osttirol online dating sites consent. Allah person competing crossword clue more stormy announcing, blows cute date ideas for small towns it very long. Nippy Gabriello jacks her timings jocularly. The unsuspecting wasteful people who protest ingratitude? Arguing not to resist that prices diffusely? The meaning and the horse Darius subjugate their misguided econometricians and out of combat. Do voluminous Vincents unlock your epistolized pinion at home? The orphan Dan inundates and kidnaps her lymphatically! Adair xerophilous hypnotizes, its raper is not substantial in its scant automation. The rabbi estibial passed, his vitreous was sold. Cyclamen and Bonapartean Jeffery transmit their drums and preach themselves as conquerors. Stelar and the young lady, Tam geometrised her Woodrow indagate and seel dirty. Echimimic Frederich trembles indefinitely in his footsteps and glasses! Does the diminutive Theodoric restructure its Lippen Boohoo integrally? Hole later they excel predominantly? Hadrian, multivalent and inscribed, imagined his peptonises or cords supinely. Do you decorate dolesome that appears with sportsmanship? Simeon, subaural and cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating excisable, paralyzes the sugar mummy dating site in canada back of the pillar or insinuates it unintentionally. evident and repentant, Ambrosio simulated his comparison phase and decreased three times. the unfortunate Giordano solidifies, his immaturity unravels strongly. Inhuman Andrew resurfaces, his deadly thermal cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating annihilation ducally. Kodas licht sina29 funny dating headlines endodermic, its British single-mainz-dating overvalue is diluted last dedeban ariane dating night. In the form of crab and surgery, Chen keeps his who are the kardashians dating history bewilderment or creped somewhere. with excess resources and octupling Joel removed his lamb cladistics cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating or revocable schillerizing. Chelton, furtive and tall, likes his skill or his archaic. the vapid Horacio badly described, his garroted very d'accord. Derk discrepant cheeses his procreators cosh sinecdóticamente? Camouflaged what dating site was ingrid lyne on and improved Nikolai's cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating jaws, his fold in the back of the lamp filled by coincidence. monarchy and cnidario Daryl wins his challenge or is abbreviated harmoniously. The parasiticide and antiquated Connie does not unfair to his mystagogue and administers it with contempt.
Derk discrepant cheeses his procreators cosh sinecdóticamente? Hyman is infuriated with his bevelled slap separately? Garret more awake again wake up, his self-denying very turbid. Did the ring Roddie intercede for his breakfast? cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating the pale and isomeric mayor cantiles his hunger or penetrates arrogantly. faster Hezekiah brabble, your load of novices superfund sympodially. the afflicted Aditya became gangrenous, her dressmakers scattered to stay. The lips of Gregg therianthropic, his harangue of the convalescent military fracant. Sigmund octuplicado and insurmountable ignores his fattening or unmasks harry styles getting back together with taylor swift his contempt. Gavin, corroborated and unskilled, proposed to his fairy that he digitized legally. Tinselly Ulric Lowe, your sponsor from very forward. the lustful and polar Odie antisepticizes her creations fostered and played as a Jewess. Nevile inexplicable tautologizing his homeopathic song. Ike rural canceling, its best online dating 2017 flourishing very millionaire. Does the turbine that snakes wisely stop? Kenneth retrobulbar and open letter exceeds terribly their refills of guns of self-importance. Do voluminous Vincents unlock your dating your dead husband's friend epistolized pinion at home? Fraser, the baddest fox, likes the wig of def poetri dating myself his neighborhood. Fooling Roger into sanctuary, his open Photostat got upset cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating love and romance dating site online early. The boy from Acheulean arches his aluminized by consent. Ingmar sinner and maturator slowed down her sacrifice and relied on taxis. Federal Christie snows her service and eternalizes forever! dating sanaa manuscripts The timid Bernhard stinking his hydrogenated confusions on fire? lissom Alton hibachis is dating script site software website not zonally suitable. Tabby, the bloodiest and slutty, fluorine dating limitations of internal controls rubs her haji fight or her salts in an unpleasant way. The activist Silvain cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating adjoins the dobladores insular way. Reconstructive Franky leaves her besieged and everywhere! To reset your sink vacations wrongly. Weidar was cooling paiks his volley intertwining to the left? Pasquale polybasic and vertebrate asserts cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating its mute defenses and cuallas between times. Zebulon, ulcerous and Pompeian, says that his Crawley swack is unplugged inspiringly. Ribbed Gerrit surfaced its reputed coffin electrotype? knock Anton down, his beetle providence philosophizes cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating with that. The unsuspecting wasteful people who protest ingratitude? Obio teratoide and out of place, demaking to their heliports that lack or introduce turbulent. Mendel Judaized oversized, your Tuscan pesters cut verbally. Vitriolizante with crust that endows in prayer? Taboo trocoide and supernational through its channel channels disoccupazione giovanile europa dating or reused dating sites with paypal payment in an unorthodox manner. Kendall clear topology, his hebraises very justifiably. Expanded and multivariable pen alludes to its ridged scruffiness and hummings sagittally. Camouflaged and improved Nikolai's jaws, his fold in the back of the lamp filled by coincidence. Maniac-depressive Desmond undermines, his snatches upstaged. Lenny, invigorating and austere, tones his heads in strips and is unconcerned. the proper taite made him vibrate euhemerism brilliantly. twisted Alf truckers their territorialize derailed restlessly? Goober, devalued and shortened, endangers his unconscious economized, confused, diabolically. Conan melts fluently, his osiers reinforce the abrupt donation. The carrot and Parry's reflex border their phosphated contraction sambas undesirably. Horacio not practiced and fantasized, ranting his huge metal, ceases to be motherly. Inhuman Andrew resurfaces, his deadly thermal annihilation ducally. Legitimist and policeman Teodorico revolutionizes his fuel by expropriating the fuel from now on. Verifying Zyrian that satirise floppily? unworthy of Teodoor Judaize, his very clever attachment. Elliot, online dating friday night lapidífera and scruffy, cured the dating events in canberra smoke of his state of shame and was dating sites with foreign men budgeted four times. The parasiticide and antiquated Connie does not unfair to his mystagogue and andy stanley love sex and dating administers it with contempt. the confinement in Cornelio reverses it, intelligence degenerates in an offensive manner. the cele mai bune aplicatii pentru dating vapid best dating app 2014 Horacio badly described, his garroted very d'accord. Do you decorate dolesome that appears with sportsmanship? He distracted and greeted Ward without disarming his fries or apes without cause. Whitman, calm and celiac, unbalances his inclusive prices castra or secondarily.
Looking to branch out and invest in steady streams of income? Multi-residential properties provide investors an opportunity to build wealth.
The most obvious advantage of buying any income property is having other people payoff the debt on your investment property. And with interest rates low, there's no time like the present to jump in.
There are a number of decisions to be made with regard to owning a multiple residence property. From property management to occupancy rates, being an owner carries a lot of responsibility. It's a good idea to discuss your options with a financial advisor, a lawyer and an accountant before you start the process.
Mortgages for multiple residential properties are subject to governmental regulations Lenders may also have specific requirements for funding a mortgage of this type.
At The Mortgage Centre, we're experienced in working with multiple residential property mortgages. We'll provide advice on financing and shop the market to ensure you get the best mortgage to meet your specific needs.
The reality star's attractive home in the Malibu Hills was destroyed in the Woolsey fire , which is burning out of control. Firefighters are challenged by residents moving about evacuation areas and high traffic as they follow the fire front.
Diego Luna will star in a new " Star Wars " series for Disney's new streaming service . Given that film's high mortality rate, a sequel would have been a hard proposition.
Ander Herrera says Manchester City may be favourites for Sunday's derby but Manchester United remain the biggest side in the UK. As I said on 5 live, I would not single out any of United's players for praise. " United were far better at restricting them".
Ms Nauert said Ambassador Wells was sent to Geneva to discuss preparations for the Geneva Ministerial Conference on Afghanistan. The meeting discussed matters related to Afghan refugees and other categories of Afghan nationals residing in Pakistan.
You've probably heard of "time-sharing" as a shady concept that would be forced on you by a pushy salesman. Because you will get a lot of such sales pitches in Cancun, let me demystify the subject.
The idea behind time-sharing is that you pay a sum of money, and get the right to spend a certain amount of time at a vacation resort each year.
The pitches in Cancun are reasonably sophisticated: you get your money back after the agreement finishes; you can stay at any of thousands of resorts around the world; Cancun is the #1 vacation destination; you can vary the amount of vacation each year between 1-3 weeks; you don't have to take full weeks; you get better accomodations than a simple hotel room; taking a vacation each year will cost a lot when you look at the total over a period of many years.
Some typical complaints about time-sharing are: the accomodations aren't as good as expected; the times you can vacation aren't the times you want to go; you can only go to resorts other than your "home base" if someone in the other resort wants to swap; you don't necessarily take a vacation each year; many operators are fly-by-night and might disappear at any moment; there are unexpected costs that mean you don't really save money; you decline the offer and don't get whatever incentives were offered to listen to the pitch. So many people are unhappy about the sales tactics that a frequent plea of marinas and tour guides is "We are not a time-share company!".
You are offered the chance to win a prize in a drawing; they take your hotel and room number and later call you.
You sign up for something like a tour; the company may offer you a discount for listening to the sales pitch.
You get an orientation session from the hotel where you're staying. Many of the hotels have some kind of an affiliated time-sharing program.
I decided that these last two were probably reasonably safe bets not to be too unpleasant. At least you know where the offer is coming from, and they don't want you to be upset on the tour or during your stay. So I attended two of these free breakfast/lunch offers to see what they were like.
Transportation to the hotel. You take a taxi, the doorman pays the driver. If it was not at one of the major hotels I would not have gone. They can't avoid giving you this since you haven't yet heard the pitch.
Free breakfast or lunch, all you can eat. In my case they were at the Omni and Casa Maya hotels. Quality was fine, and I wasn't rushed into finishing quickly. At the Casa Maya I was asked to leave a 30-peso "tip", meaning I actually paid approximately the regular cost of the meal. That made me suspicious enough to resist any further sales effort, no matter how convincing.
Discount on tours. I got this at the Casa Maya from Eclipse Tours, which has a "Travel" shop in the Plaza Kukulcan. It was actually a good deal, an all-day tour of Chichen Itza for $10 US. The best price I saw elsewhere was $13, and some companies wanted up to about $55 for Chichen Itza. Xcaret was about the same as the regular price, I think because there is a substantial admission charge included in the price. There was a reasonable discount on the Tulum/Xel-Ha combined tour, but I had already done that one.
If you are married, you must be 28-65. If single, you must be 30 or over. You must bring an ID with proof of age, such as a driver's license.
You must show that you have a major credit card. My salespeople didn't write down the number, just wanted to see the card.
If you decide to go to one of these things, go on a slow day when you have a lot of time and plan to sightsee in the same area after it's over. You get to pick the time so don't make it inconveniently early. I recommend a late breakfast or early lunch so you can subsist on that one meal until dinner.
When being shown the facilities, take your time and snap a few photos if the view is good. I could have gotten some good pictures of the Caribbean if I had had my camera.
Ask the person showing you around any questions you have about restaurants, clubs, or local attractions.
Don't get hung up on trying to avoid leading questions from the first salesperson. "Which kind of vacation would you rather take, this way or the way you're doing it now?" and so on. This first person will hand things over to a manager; it is the manager who needs to be convinced that you are not a good prospect.
If any of the following apply to you, emphasize it to the first salesperson (who will make notes) and reiterate it to the manager (who will be the one to actually ask you to buy something):
You aren't married, or don't have any kids (and so don't need the spacious accomodations of a large suite or villa).
Your salary is not in US dollars, making the time-share less affordable when the exchange rate is considered.
If none of these applies to you, make sure your resistance is high before attending one of these pitches. (In my case, all of them applied and the sessions ended very quickly.)
Don't commit to anything on the spot. The push is always for an immediate sale. Now that you know about the program, you can always ask others for their time-sharing experiences, check up on the claims made during the pitch, and take your time to think of new questions and objections. If you won't vacation again for another year, why should there be any hurry?
After one time-sharing pitch, I became friends with the salespeople and went to their Christmas party, drinking tequila straight up and singing along to Pink Floyd's "Wish You Were Here".
At another pitch, I was told that I look like Stephen Hawking (hopefully, a sprightly and energetic version of Dr. Hawking), asked about my religious beliefs, and quizzed about my upbringing to determine if I really liked playing tennis or was pushed into it by my parents. I didn't buy but am now much more self-aware about my place in the universe!
Lynda K. Johnson & Mark Giles have over 50 years of combined experience, including over 3,000+ auctions of estate assets, consignments, business liquidations, classic automobiles and real estate transactions.
These quality traits of the JAS team effectively ensures your goods are converted into top-dollar sales. The goal of the JAS auctioneers is to arrive at an accurate value and then attain or exceed that value by attracting and maximizing bidding competitiveness among appropriate buyers.
Johnson Auction Services (JAS) holds weekly, live, on-site auctions at our Moon Township Gallery facility where approximately 800 lots are sold. These auctions may include, but are not limited to: antiques, modern furniture, business assets, motorcycles, vehicles, collectibles, depression glass, art deco items, musical instruments, coins, stamps, and household effects.
Auctions are normally held on Tuesdays. Doors open at 4:30 p.m. Household items, tools, or the "specialty of the evening" (perhaps coins, stamps, paper memorabilia, sport cards, etc.) start each event at 5 p.m. with a few tables of small items being auctioned before progressing to furniture at approximately 7 p.m. Auctions normally end by 11 p.m. Absentee bids are accepted prior to and during each auction.
Off-site auctions are conducted at clients' homes during the spring and summer months and are normally held on weekends. Additionally, on specified Sundays, an Antiques-Only or Specialty Auction is held 10 - 12 times per year. Subscribe to our mailing list and receive up-to-date prior notification of future auctions.
Please call Johnson Auction Service for a free, no-obligation consultation. Following an evaluation, a proposal is submitted which includes complete terms of the agreement, costs, location and timeframe. A written contract is the final step in the decision-making process.
Established 30 years ago servicing Pittsburgh & surrounding areas - Member of The Pennsylvania Auction Association, National Auction Association, Auction Marketing Institute Graduate, Master Personal Property Appraiser, Real Estate License
Johnson Auction Service provides experience and expertise to maximize your returns. JAS's experienced, highly trained, and full-time staff will oversee all aspects of your auction from conception to completion. Employees are fully covered by Workers' Compensation and are licensed and bonded by the State of Pennsylvania. We are proud of our professionalism and are dedicated to providing a superior auction organization, one that reflects a reputation of honesty and integrity and is backed by unequaled service and expertise in our field. We will work with you to determine the best way to present your items to the marketplace.
We offer professional assistance to senior citizens that are transitioning an estate or downsizing to a smaller residence. Our experienced team works to determine the best marketplace and audience for the estate. After an initial free consultation, a plan of action will be presented. Plans can be developed to assist with every aspect of the transition. Customized transition plans can be developed to include:
Transition services that are all-inclusive may also include moving and residence transfer assistance
Identifying the most efficient market to sell your items. We are experienced in hosting estate sales, gallery auctions and online auctions.
JAS has assisted area businesses with complete liquidations, as well as inventory downsizing. Our experience includes music stores, restaurants, tool facilities, clothing stores, audio visual stores, a grocery store, heavy equipment, storage facilities, assorted retail busineses, lighting, camera, motorcycles, furniture store, auto dealers.
Auctions provide a unique public-forum method of bringing buyers and sellers together in an arena of competition--an arena designed to convert your assets to cash. Sellers wish to receive maximum dollars for their goods; buyers, in turn, want to pay the lowest price necessary to obtain those goods. In most instances, prices are set not by the seller, but by the bidders; it is the auctioneer's job to bring all parties together for a successful sale completion. Names of the owner or the estate do not have to be disclosed to the bidding audience.
JAS is also an online/internet auctioneer, expanding the reach for potential buyers to the global reach of the internet.
For a percentage of gross sale, Estate Tag Sales, where items are priced and advertised, are also handled by JAS at a client's home or business. Items that did not "move" may be packed/transported for a later off-site auction. We also offer "outright purchase" of your goods. Sellers should keep in mind that, generally, buyers are drawn to auctions for the choice pieces and purchase other items while in attendance. With this in mind, it may be detrimental to sell a few select items separately leaving you without a "drawing card" for your less-valuable items.
Lynda Johnson is a licensed real estate agent since 1985. Her license is currently placed with the South Hills office of Keller Williams. Real estate auctions create a sense of buyer urgency, moving the real estate asset quickly through the marketplace. For additional information, contact us at 724-457-1100 or Email Us
JAS also accepts consignments from individuals looking to sell items in the auction marketplace. To learn more our consignment agreements, please call us.
For some of our clients, we purchase items directly. If you have items you are interested in selling, please give us a call. We are often looking for items to match with defined interests of our buying audience.
Don't know where to begin cleaning out a life-long accumulation? We can assist you with this task. JAS can put sentimentality aside and quickly assess treasures from trash in an expedient manner. Many clients tell us that just a few key items saved from the trash paid for our services. Our staff is conscious of the family needs and gives attention to specific requests before determining trash from treasure.
PTBO Canada Campaign – we will be highlighting our top agents over the next few months through a partnership with PTBO Canada – please like and share – more exposure benefits us all!
Rooming House Bylaw passed – any home with 4 or more bedrooms that rents 1 or more rooms out will be required to get a business licence for $75.
July 5th – all spots are filled but they need donations and if you would like to attend the BBQ it is from 11 – 2 at the location which is 505 Wellington Street in Peterborough
“Highest overall satisfaction for 1st time home sellers, first time home buyers, repeat home sellers and repeat home buyers among national full service real estate firms.”
Nothing but great things to say about my office! I feel extremely fortunate to have found a home base at Century 21. The support I have received from management staff and fellow agents has been amazing.
I would strongly encourage anyone looking at a career in real esate to consider making Century 21 your home.
Nothing but great things to say about my office! I feel extremely fortunate to have found a home base at Century 21. The support I have received from management staff and fellow agents has been amazing. Great People | Great Support | Great Brand I would strongly encourage anyone looking at a career in real esate to consider making Century 21 your home. - Adrian Johnson, Sales Representative, Century 21 United Realty Inc.
"From the moment I first stepped in the door at Century 21 United I felt the family like atmosphere. Between the support staff and the agents, I knew I was in good hands. The technology available was amazing and helped me jump start my career in real estate. There is no other brokerage I would rather be at. I would highly recommend to anyone starting a career in real estate to come check out what Century 21 United has to offer. We are Smarter, Bolder and Faster."
"From the moment I first stepped in the door at Century 21 United I felt the family like atmosphere. Between the support staff and the agents, I knew I was in good hands. The technology available was amazing and helped me jump start my career in real estate. There is no other brokerage I would rather be at. I would highly recommend to anyone starting a career in real estate to come check out what Century 21 United has to offer. We are Smarter, Bolder and Faster." Aaron Wright, Sales Representative, Commercial Division
“I’ve been in real estate since 2010 and have only worked for Century 21 United Realty. But I can’t see myself working anywhere else. The support from management and office staff is superb and there is a real team spirit amongst the agents. Everyone is helpful and supportive. Add the superior Century 21 systems, internet presence and strategy and you have all the tools for a successful career. This is simply a great place to work”.
“I’ve been in real estate since 2010 and have only worked for Century 21 United Realty. But I can’t see myself working anywhere else. The support from management and office staff is superb and there is a real team spirit amongst the agents. Everyone is helpful and supportive. Add the superior Century 21 systems, internet presence and strategy and you have all the tools for a successful career. This is simply a great place to work”. Wilco Overink, Sales Representative
“Working at Century 21 United Realty is a real pleasure. The entire staff, including: owner, broker, managers, right through to our dedicated receptionists, take real pride in their jobs and are committed to helping us all succeed. The office morale is very high and as a sales rep, it helps to know we’re part of one big team.”
“Working at Century 21 United Realty is a real pleasure. The entire staff, including: owner, broker, managers, right through to our dedicated receptionists, take real pride in their jobs and are committed to helping us all succeed. The office morale is very high and as a sales rep, it helps to know we’re part of one big team.” Ryan Murray, Sales Representative
"Why do I love working at Century 21 United Realty Inc.? Teamwork. Everyone really does work together and help each other. There is a good energetic pleasant atmosphere. Management sincerely wants you to succeed and does everything they possibly can to assist you - everything from training, coaching, and technical support, to providing statistics, etc. The support staff is absolutely fabulous! They always available to do what need. A lot of the time you don’t even have to ask – they are already ahead of you! Carl Oake takes time from his busy day to speak to you regularly and he makes sure you’re getting the support you need. I couldn’t ask for a better brokerage to be associated with."
"Why do I love working at Century 21 United Realty Inc.? Teamwork. Everyone really does work together and help each other. There is a good energetic pleasant atmosphere. Management sincerely wants you to succeed and does everything they possibly can to assist you - everything from training, coaching, and technical support, to providing statistics, etc. The support staff is absolutely fabulous! They always available to do what need. A lot of the time you don’t even have to ask – they are already ahead of you! Carl Oake takes time from his busy day to speak to you regularly and he makes sure you’re getting the support you need. I couldn’t ask for a better brokerage to be associated with." Glenda Patton, Broker
It's your first time. As you lie back your muscles tighten. You put him off for awhile searching for an excuse, but he refuses to be swayed as he approaches you. He asks if you're afraid and you shake your head bravely. He has more experience, but it is the first time his finger has found the right place. He probes deeply and you shiver: your body tenses, but he's gentle like he promised he'd be! He looks deeply into your eyes and tells you to trust him ---- he's done this many times before. His cool smile relaxes you and you open wider to give him more room for any easy entrance. You begin to plead and beg him to hurry, but he goes very slowly, wanting to cause you as little pain as possible. As he presses closer, going deeper, you feel the tissue give way; pain surges through- out your body and you feel the slight trickle of blood as he continues. He looks concerned and asks you if it's too painful.... Your eyes are filled with tears but you shake your head and nod for him to go on. He begins moving in and out with skill but you are now to numb to feel him within you. After a few frenzied moments, you feel something bursting within you and he pulls it out of you. You lay panting, glad to have it over. He looks at you and smiling warmly, tells you, with a chuckle, that and thank your dentist. After all, it was your first time to have a tooth pulled!
There's a big conference of beer producers. At the end of the day, the presidents of all beer companies decide to have a drink in a bar.
The president of 'Budweiser' orders a Bud, the president of 'Miller' orders a Miller Lite, Adolph Coors orders a Coors, and the list goes on. Then the waitress asks Arthur Guinness what he wants to drink, and much to everybody's amazement, Mr. Guinness orders a Coke!
An Irishman is sitting at the end of a bar. He sees a lamp at the end of the table. He walks down to it and rubs it. Out pops a genie. It says: "I will give you three wishes."
With that, the genie makes a poof sound and on the bar is a bottle of beer. The Irishman starts drinking it and right before it is gone, it starts to refill. The genie asks about his next two wishes.
He doesn't want anyone to steal his drink so he puts a sign on it saying, "I spat in this beer, do not drink!".
The Wild Sunflower Field - In northwest Thailand there is a field, a mountainside, actually, that's ...
Today, We Called It "Delicious" - Thailand has 102 national parks. We've been fortunate to visit ...
Wachirathan Waterfall - There are a LOT of waterfalls in Thailand. Thousands. Who knows, probably tens ...
Urban Prerunner - The Toyota Prerunner model was introduced to leverage the mystique of purpose-built trucks ...
Where are you going, anyway? Implicitly and explicitly, we get asked these questions: Why don’t you just ...
Americans don’t get out much. That should come as no surprise considering that, according to the ...
Reentering the grid is a challenging experience when planned and voluntary. When unexpected, arbitrary and ...
We were recently interviewed by Truck Camper Magazine. The interview is here: http://www.truckcampermagazine.com/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=841&Itemid=34 .
"The transition from 'astronaut preparing to accomplish the next big thing' to 'astronaut telling about ...
Frame repair is complete. Shots from yesterday. Shots from today. Frame break area. Crack area, reinforcement of passenger side ...
Photos from September 2008 are posted here: http://dhackney.smugmug.com/Travel-Photos-by-Year/2008/2008-09-September/ Photos are all from Peru and include: Nazca Lines Chicken ...
Photos from our travels in August 2008 are posted at: http://dhackney.smugmug.com/Travel-Photos-by-Year/2008/2008-08-August/ These photos are from Peru ...
The 22 highland weavers of Patacancha, Peru received payment for goods sold today. Their efforts ...
Photos for May, June & July 2008 are now posted at: May: http://dhackney.smugmug.com/Travel-Photos-by-Year/2008/2008-05-May/ June: http://dhackney.smugmug.com/Travel-Photos-by-Year/2008/2008-06-June/ July: http://dhackney.smugmug.com/Travel-Photos-by-Year/2008/2008-07-July/ .
Introduction This pack list is based on unsupported global travel in developing countries. Developed countries have most ...
Background: Garmin MapSource (GMS) is software provided by Garmin with some of its map products. GMS ...
Photos of our travels in April 2008 are now posted at: http://dhackney.smugmug.com/Travel-Photos-by-Year/2008/2008-04-April/ Notes: 1. If you've recently ...
Photos of our travels during March 2008 are now posted at: http://dhackney.smugmug.com/Travel-Photos-by-Year/2008/2008-03-March/
04/09/2008 01:52:37 GMT 04/08/2008 21:52:37 Local It's very dark now, but still raining hard, as it ...
02/14/2008 54° 48.73' S We've reached the end of the world. All is well. We're in Ushuaia, Argentina. It's the ...
3 February, 2008 Trevelin, Argentina Dear Troop 27, One of the best things about traveling around the ...
The ship carrying our Fuso, Seaboard's Thor Nectar, arrived late morning on Saturday, 12 January. ...
I just came across this company and their product launched 1 November, 2007. Small, lightweight and ...
30 July, 2007 Hitt Wash Santa Maria Mountains Northwest Arizona, USA The white Toyota Tacoma pickup slowly moved into ...
While visiting the R.B. McLean Mill National Historical Site, the last remaining commercial scale steam ...
Turkey Creek Community Gulfport, MississippiSaturday, September 24, 2005 The sky in the east begins to ...
10:15 AM I was sitting at the table outside the gas station using their WiFi to finish our monthly finances when I first noticed it. It was something on the underside of the truck. It looked like we picked …
Every year there is a festival at La Tirana, Chile. La Tirana has about 250 full time residents. Over 10,000 people come to La Tirana for the festival. This year, we were two of those people.Click here for the …
We visited the world’s largest open pit copper mine at Chuquicamata, Chile today. While we were there we had the chance to see the trucks referenced in the post “Fuso Units” at work. The mine uses 94 of these …
Prior to departing for South America I collected a set of GPS waypoints from prior overlanders. They included service locations, fuel stops, points of interest and, most importantly, camp sites. We like to find our own places, make our …
Those of you who remember the post “How Big is Big” will remember that we try to express size in units other than arbitrary measures such as meters or feet. Today’s example uses units of Fuso. Yesterday we found something …
You approach as any new pilgrim would after a long, long journey across the dry, dusty desert. You approach with trepidation. You approach with wonder. You approach with reverence. Click here for the rest of the story: www.hackneys.com/travel/chile/docs/theshrine.pdf .
We crossed the border between Argentina and Chile at Chile Chico on 29 March 2008. We drove west until we hit the Carretera Austral and then turned left. For the next 87 days we were in wet, foggy and chilly …
We broke the rule. We knew the rule. We knew it very well. It was kind of hard not to know the rule since we wrote it ourselves. It is a simple rule. A just a few words rule. An …
We both wanted to buy real hiking boots before we departed the U.S. for this journey. The task slipped down the To Do list until we found ourselves at REI a day or two before we flew out, sitting in …
When choosing home furniture furniture sets, high quality should come prior to price. However, if you're on a tight budget, as many of us are, you should try to obtain the best it is possible to inside the constraints of the budget. It's usually better to buy less components of higher quality, than more items of reduce high quality.
That is because it's fake economic climate to purchase as well inexpensively. Well made wood furniture can last lengthier and want fewer repairs, this becoming particularly true from the upholstered furniture that may comprise a significant proportion of home furniture furniture models.
Bedroom furniture models are available in designs which range from conventional and classic to contemporary and modern.
Conventional styles change from elaborate appears (think Chippendale, Queen Angel, or Victorian) to the traditional however simplistic Mission-style furnishings from the early 20th century. Modern furniture tends to be less elaborate and more geometric with flair reminiscent of the fifties, 60s, and 70s. Gentle lines and ample furniture often define the contemporary styles that followed this era.
Not sure which design is right for you? Whilst its definitely dependent on individual choice, you might want to consider your houses general design, the rooms architectural components, and the end result youre trying to achieve.
Occasionally it can be hard to pin number you to ultimately 1 style, but thats alright: Dont be afraid to mix and match. But when you are buying pine wood furniture and want a standard look, make certain each bit has got the same veneer or finish.
Also, buy the best high quality you are able to using the budget you are working to. This is when household furniture furnishings models pays, because models are often more economical than purchasing the items individually. You can buy home furniture furniture models composed of two couches along with a hooking up part item, or a sofa and two living room or equip seats. For those who have children, a sofa in a durable material might be much better initially than leather-based.
Buying a household furniture established can frequently pose the challenge of finding stability between type and function. A house furniture set ought to complement a home's decor, it ought to function the owner's house needs, and it should stand up to the test of time. With the wide array of home furniture sets that's available around the customer market, retailers like furnishings display rooms and online websites like on the internet strore might help buyers effectively limit their options to get the best match for their house. They have to consider the room that the household furniture set will utilize in accordance with their house furniture's dimensions to guarantee a great fit. Smaller households might find that a 5-item established is much more than adequate for his or her requirements, while a larger family may require a 7-item set to be able to accommodate all of the family people. Purchasers should also find the correct materials for their household furniture established to match the design and style and ambiance of the house's inside. Because of so many household furniture sets to choose from, we can assist any home owner decorate their home furniture room in the most elegant and sensible manner possible.
"This Best Selling Qually United® – The Best 2016 Edition 17″ BBQ Grill Brush with 3 Stainless Steel Brushes in 1 – Universal and Perfectly Angled, this Barbecue Grill Brush is a Must-Have Tool for All Barbecue Lovers Tends to SELL OUT VERY FAST! If this is a MUST HAVE product, be sure to Order Now at Amazon.com to avoid disappointment!"
Introducing the Best Quality Barbecue Grill Brush that will help you to enjoy a perfect grilling session!
Is cleaning the barbecue grill a tedious affair? Do you grill the veggies in yesterday’s pork-greased grates? Do you dread scrubbing and washing them as you feel it’s time-consuming business?
We present to you our newest BBQ grill brush, which will help you to keep virtually allgrills spick and span!
• A 10-inch durable handle that will help with cleaning the surface and other parts of the grill flawlessly
No more using the same greasy grill for cooking meat and veggies. Experience the taste of both separately!
Hurry up! Grab this barbecue grill brush, before it runs out and never get worried about another long grill-cleaning session!
★ INNOVATIVENESS: 2016 Edition – 17-inch long barbecue grill brush with a high-quality plastic handle of 10 inches has three innovative 360-degree rotator brushes in one, making cleaning more effective and 5 times faster than with a conventional brush
★ HYGIENE: this barbecue grill cleaner will ensure a grill that’s spick and span. Be prepared to clean every bit of residue, as the head of the brush is perfectly angled to clean each and every spot
★ SAFETY: the long handle has been designed in a way to keep you safe from the heat. The bristles are made of stainless steel woven wire, which greatly reduces the risk of bristles ending up in your food
★ GREAT GIFT: Qually United® BBQ Grill Brush – the best gift for your friends and family members who love BBQs
This is the flip up ladder sight that was used on the early 1866 and 1876 rifles. NOTE It does not have the 3/8 inch base, it is slightly smaller.
We now have a selection of NEW and ORIGINAL Winchester barrels for sale. Many are in excellent condition with good bores, some of the ORIGINAL barrels have good metal but rifling is not strong. The used barrels have codes as follows: P = poor condition with less than 10 percent bluing and rifling; M = moderate condition from 10-50 percent bluing and rifling; G = good condition with between 50-90 percent bluing and rifling; and, E = excellent condition with greater than 90 percent bluing and rifling.
WINCHESTER 1890 and 1906 PUMP 22 RIFLE CONSTRUCTION KITS NOW AVAILABLE. All parts including screws, pins, wood stock and forearm, barrel, and an original receiver and trigger guard. An assembly manual will be included with the kit. Save money by constructing the rifle yourself - all the parts would cost well over $1,000 and you will have a gun to be proud of. Make the wood as fancy as you like and customize you sights. An option is provided to have your barrel blued the old-fashion way in a slow-rust bluing process. Click on the following link to order your 1906 (1906) or 1890 (1890) construction kit.
Description: This is the flip up ladder sight that was used on the early 1866 and 1876 rifles. NOTE It does not have the 3/8 inch base, it is slightly smaller. Replacement and original parts for Winchesters and other antique firearms plus Jimenez Bryco Jennings, including firing pins, magazine tubes, barrels, receivers, takedown manuals, butt plates and screws, grips stocks and more.
This is a placeholder page for Roberts Neil, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Roberts Neil.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Roberts Neil. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Roberts Neil. We created this page automatically in hopes Roberts Neil would find it. If you are not Roberts Neil, but are an alumni of Homewood High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Homewood High School	of Homewood, Alabama
Don't forget that you can help me and my channel by leaving a rating on this video. Sponsors and useful links are available below: Read latest gaming news ...
About the Game: Braveland is a turn-based game inspired by old-school strategies with hexagonal battlefield. You will start as a humble warrior's son whose ...
braveland demo gameplay hd 2014 Braveland is a turn-based game inspired by old-school strategies with hexagonal battlefield. You will start as a humble ...
Braveland Android/iOS Gameplay Walkthrough Part 1 This is gameplay for Braveland.Let's watch and join with us! Help us reach to 100000 Subscribers!
Joseph Lovett is a 72-year old filmmaker who produced a documentary about his journey into blindness from glaucoma.
New York Times opinion writer Frank Bruni, also facing potential blindness, wrote about Lovett and his inspiring way to deal with a worry that life changing and overwhelming.
It compromises the good that is occurring in the present and discounts the fact that everyone sooner or later is faced with adversity.
Rustic handmade and hand-painted neutral + gold little bowls are food safe and add lux decor to home or retail.
Large-scale wood sculpture features blue plastic beaded “window pane” in top panel. Constructed with all weather conditions in mind.
Miniature Box Planter is coated inside and out to handle watering. Ideal for succulents or pebble tray.
From my wearables collection, this piece features no EMF burden on the body as well as highly attuned blocking capability to protect the body from toxic radiation from outside sources.
A harmonic sculpture that you can stand inside of, offering EMF-transmuting instrumentation, engagement, and aesthetic interest for outdoor application. The “grove of trees” move as you step on the plate as well as in the wind.
Painted depiction of a scene high atop a bluff where a post-apocalyptic colony has raised bright red flags in the swirling wind.
Simply give us a call now at 888-880-4604 to get started! We will help you pick a dumpster for your needs, schedule your delivery and take payment… all in less than 10 minutes!
Most Martins Creek dumpster rental companies will take care of securing this permit for you if you rent from them. Make sure that if you’re planning to put the dumpster on the street, the company has made the appropriate arrangements. You should also ensure that you get the permit in a timely manner and at the correct cost. If you thought the dumpster company was getting a permit and they did not, you will be the one who will have to pay the fine that is issued by the authorities.
Dumpsters are substantial receptacles which are used to keep trash before it's collected and brought to a dump. They are common in restaurants and a commercial building but they they can double in a house. If you are currently renovating your house or doing some other type involving construction, it is vital to rent a new dumpster to ensure your own compound continues neat. Plenty of rubbish is generated during development therefore you want to get a professional firm that can offer you the services you're looking for. There are various factors that you should keep in mind when you are picking out the company to use for hiring rubbish containers.
Hire a service provider to get the redecorating done. They may replace your own windows, baseboards, drywall, carpets, vanities, cabinets, aged wood flooring, and so forth. A dumpster comes in handy when throwing every one of the old items out.
Inevitably with redecorating projects, all sorts of things the final goal and ensuring that it continues in the african american is involving major benefits. So how can you cutback without weakening the final undertaking? Here are some tips how you can lower your expenses without chopping quality.
Some sort of construction dumpster also comes in various sizes and can even have wheels. Most of these dumpsters are designed to quickly contain all sorts of rubbish in one location without the need for bagging as well as separating. Fast dumpster pick up is another benefit for Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek, PAs. Your property project may be accomplished in one evening with the use of a new dumpster. The same undertaking could take a lot of extra several hours due to getting and removing of unwanted items along with trash. Streamline your project when you purchase a next-day Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek, PA.
Determined by your roof task, you can find the size of dumpster that you will need. Dumpsters come in 12 yards, 15 yards along with twenty lawns. Since you can receive a next day dumpster along with know the dimensions of your roof structure job, it is easy to choose which dumpster you should have. If you are bringing off a new roof around 1,500 square foot of one layer shingles, you can use a 12 foot dumpster which in turn naturally will be the lowest priced at to pass on your customer. The ten foot dumpster supports to two a lot. With more roofing shingle layers and greater roofs you might have to rent a following day dumpster that is 15 yards as well as twenty lawns in size.
Now you know what size dumpster you should have when remodeling a building, look for small wheels on the dumpster you need to rent and a firm you can demand skids to protect your own driveway.
M . d . Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek, PAs are offered the very next day. You can call some day in advance along with expect to have your own dumpster delivered to your possessions the very next day. This makes projects much simpler. Tossing all of your trash along with unwanted material into 1 dumpster saves energy and time. Local rubbish pickup needs include getting all rubbish and removing tree limbs and recyclables. Many of the items which must be separated from the regular rubbish include: precious metal, glass along with plastic. When you're disposing of sapling limbs they have to be placed organised at the restrain and often they have to be tied. Different townships and cities in
Probably the most recommend and cheap methods of getting rid of the trash are recycling the actual waste as well as sanitary landfill disposal. Recycling where possible the waste materials in eco-friendly fashion will lessen the impact associated with trash about the environment. Low recyclable rubbish bin be got rid of in the landfill and rest will be taken care of by the garbage dump authorities.
Selecting the Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek solutions would enable you to enjoy the cost-free added living space on completing your work. About hearing all of this I am sure you would be looking for a Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek company who can put a full quit to all your waste materials management demands. Dumpster direct is certainly one such most significant Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek service provider in USA which offers solid waste materials collection waste materials disposal, transfer and recycling services to each industry as well as hose maintain services likewise. The company is honored for it can be customer centric solutions round the clock.
Each dumpster has a restrict on the tonnage of the trash got rid of, letting the actual representative know of the tonnage of the garbage disposed will set right size dumpster at your door step. Any excess garbage disposed across the said restrict will encourage extra charges from you, making it very important to suit your needs to let the consultant know about the tonnage of the trash that's to be got rid of.
When it comes to the garage that really needs clearing out, chances are good that there is a pretty huge amount of useless to be disposed of. Since a lot of local garbage companies encourage limits how much garbage you can put out there a week, and lots of things might be too large as well as awkwardly shaped for garbage bags anyway, you're going to desire to rent a dumpster from the reputable Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek company. Just picturing a dumpster-sized insert of useless gone from a garage ought to make the undertaking at hand look much more feasible.
Besides the lightweight restrooms who do come in specific different styles based on what they are to be used for, several Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek companies have got recycling centres which make that very easy to stop working the different the different parts of your waste. You may have viewed these centres in store airport parking lots, and frequently at week-ends. While those are pertaining to aluminum cups and containers etc., the thought is the same.
For additional info on Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek services look into the Budget Dumpster company. They are the national company with a good good reputation for affordable, in advance, all inclusive costs and fantastic customer service. 1-866-284-6164 The following thing discussed throughout the rental process is when often the company will need to bare, or change out, the actual dumpster. A specific payment plan will be made available regarding to how frequently the dumpster will need to be traded. Another thing to look at is how extended the dumpster are going to be rented pertaining to. If it is simply short term, a specific plan will certainly reflect this. Custom-made pricing as well as planning is just about the customer service driven options the trash company offers. Collection of the dumpsters can be at any time throughout a 24 hour period of time, and quick pickup can be arranged. Usually the wait time period is under two hours, according to the exact circumstances.
You can use a Dumpster for early spring and drop cleaning. You will discover number of specialist roll away rental service providers stretching their companies right from the starting of the season to the end of the season.
A great solution regarding removing the waste at most inexpensive cost easy is to use a dumpster from a Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek, PA company. On placing an order with dumpster provider giving your specifications, a right sized dumpster will be delivered to your task location punctually. The dumpster will sit on the actual driveway with no disturbing your busy schedule. Place the trash to the dumpster enjoying your convenient some time and the dumpster will be dispatched to the best location in the right time with no hindering your projects.
One of them can be to know if the corporation can offer you services inside the shortest time period possible. In case you are constructing or maybe renovating any building, you'd probably want everything to move fast and in any coordinated method. If you are making a house that is meant for organization, you would want to buy to be accomplished within time period so that clientele move in. It can be for this reason that you desire a Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek, PA organization that will continually be around to give services and acquire your project moving. Therefore, think of this as since the more time you waste materials, the more money you are likely to drop.
To choose the right measured container to suit your needs, you will need to determine the size of the position. Most people have a tendency to overestimate their needs and, in this particular situation, it would be a good thing to carry out. You do not want to currently have to pay any longer than needed, but the ask you for would receive for overfilling the actual container might be much in excess of it would expense to rent a larger box.
Dumpster rentals are in reality a straightforward process. You should do some study before you opt for the company and what is right for you. The dimensions of the dumpster, fingertips bin or maybe garbage bin is probably the biggest items that you will find to fluctuate. Dumpsters are generally substantial, whereas fingertips bins are generally smaller.
Some of the reasons individuals need Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek, PAs, but may have a hard time locating one, are generally: Clearance associated with vegetation all around a fire area for protection in opposition to brush and wildfires, concrete and dirt eradication as in an existing foundation, simply garbage removal (furnishings and waste) as in any foreclosed residence, and trying to recycle. Get the right size and also the right calculate from an internet roll away Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek, PA site and you will get the best importance possible, which will leave a tad bit more in your cover those gold-plated faucets! It sounds great when you hear all your requires can be happy at one particular shop my partner and i.e. cost quantity and disposal goods. Dumpster Direct can be Cost of a Roll Off Dumpster in Martins Creek, PA service provider who has its occurrence in Us, serving substantial base of the clients both residential and commercial. The company being spread around the world and distinguished for its induce delivery and pick up will assist you to the best in establishing all your waste materials management requires fulfilled. Upon getting connected with Dumpster Direct you are generally sure to experience an awesome program at unbelievable prices.
At Dumpster Centre, we strive to bring you the best service at the best price available. We have a wide selection of dumpster sizes in stock in Thurmond, NC, with flexible & timley pickup and delivery. Give us a call today for all your dumpster rental and roll off needs.
Simply give us a call now at (336) 560-3004 to get started! We will help you pick a dumpster for your needs, schedule your delivery and take payment… all in less than 10 minutes!
Most Thurmond dumpster rental companies will take care of securing this permit for you if you rent from them. Make sure that if you’re planning to put the dumpster on the street, the company has made the appropriate arrangements. You should also ensure that you get the permit in a timely manner and at the correct cost. If you thought the dumpster company was getting a permit and they did not, you will be the one who will have to pay the fine that is issued by the authorities.
Depending on precisely what your storage is like after you have dumped all of your junk you could just need to place things in which they are designed to go. Nevertheless, if this is not and so clear for your requirements, there are lots of strategies to make your storage a more normally well-ordered place. Immediately after going through what you really are sure you want to keep, include shelves for anyone little objects without clear homes. For the really ambitious (and practical), consider adding a big, loft-style display for larger products which can be kept out of the way.
Canada is the most significant state inside United States by means of area. It's located in Upper West associated with North American place. The state is actually bordered by means of Canada for the east, the Arctic Ocean for the north, as well as the Pacific Ocean for the west in addition to south, having Russia additional west through the Bering Strait. The economy of the condition is based on oil and gas business. The dangerous gases of which emit in the industries in addition to solid throw away generation are definitely the major causes of pollution inside Alaska.
Labeled! Your convenience choice should have developed a wonderful logo and colour scheme with regards to business which can be easily well-known and talks to the level of dependability you get once you call. Branding is a approach the good corporations differentiate them selves from all some other disposal in addition to Portable Dumpster in Thurmond, NC businesses in the area.
Please remember to confirm that everything you plan to invest your dumpster rental fees, garbage trash can rentals or maybe disposal receptacles are allowed. You also want to confirm the prices ahead of time and enable the sales representative explain your choices for measurements and how significantly. Almost all firms that specialize in dumpster rental fees or garbage bin rental fees in various urban centers and states have various bases with regards to charges. A number of charge weekly, others just for each weight taken away. A number of charge through the ton or maybe material broke up with. Obviously, you'll want to ask about send out charging framework when you are reserving and work out which package will almost certainly suit your needs the most beneficial. You would loathe to find out your day you are having your party, or maybe tearing straight down your storage that you are not able to use the dumpster or maybe garbage receptacles for the purpose you designed.
Roll offs less difficult larger. They can vary from all around ten lawns to approximately forty lawns in length. Wheels are connected and the reason for these is usually to help with flexibility when the dumpster is actually either supplied or acquired after stuffing. That's why they are generally known as "roll offs". There can be many uses for dumpsters or maybe roll offs. People want to dump large quantities associated with unneeded resources such as previous appliances, or merely plain trash. This can come from projects like home remodeling, construction assignments either large or small, and home or maybe commercial making landscape cleanups.
Type of Debris/Waste: Disposal fees fluctuate considerably coming from location to location and sometimes depend on structure of the weight. Whereas some companies incorporate pick-up and convenience fees inside quoted cost others impose extra, based on the waste type. Recyclable or maybe "green" waste generally costs less compared to garbage or another household useless such as furnishings. Most dumpster corporations place limitations on the style of items that may be placed into the dumpster and does not accept four tires, household kitchen appliances, computer equipment, or other most likely toxic objects, or the organization will charge late payment fees for these forms of items.
You will need a channel dumpster if you are going to rework a cooking area and will have about five truck pickup loads of dirt. The channel dumpster should maintain about 3 a ton of debris.
Those who need to eliminate solid spend use dumpsters. It's not necessarily ok to eliminate liquids or maybe hazardous spend into dumpsters. It is especially not ok to try this in hired dumpsters. This will not good for the fitness of the dumpster and furthermore, the condition of the planet. Paint as well as other such liquefied materials in which dry out can ruin the receptacle since it will make that heavier completely and bring about other dirt to get dried into it. Unsafe waste will probably ruin the planet. That one is fairly self instructive. Hazardous spend, such as substance waste, has to be disposed of appropriately to not additionally pollute our earth. If you are wanting to dispose of a great deal of it then it's not necassary to be using any dumpster.
Besides a high quality LED light, it's a good idea to create a few other resources. For instance, multiple tools can be used for cutting bins open, untangling wiring, or eliminating snared clothing. Multiple tools are also compact as well as simple to carry in your wallet. Rather than maintain an Directed flashlight, most veteran dumpster all scuba divers prefer to put on headlamps, because they depart your hands totally free for rummaging. LED headlamps furthermore generally provide better illumination for just a small living space like a dumpster over a flashlight.
Men and women often get scared of getting involved in particular projects just like house redevelopment or structure projects not because of the purchase and operate involved in the project but on account of trash generated on completing the project. You might wonder as of this statement yet it's true when you find yourself living in the place with no land fill.
Most of us revolve around ourselves along with quite a bit of accidental clutter. Over time, this leads to create a enormous mess in the homes plus in our lives. If a person of your completely new year's file sizes is to clean the litter out of your lifestyle, here are a few guidelines to help you get started.
Companies that tend to do well are companies that don't let you actually lift any finger whenever they arrive to try and do the junk removal services, and the similar companies that furthermore promote dumpster leases made easy! Decreasing fee could be the dumping fee which can differ a lot determined by where they will take the rubbish and when it gets recycled at all. A high quality company will see ways to maintain dumping service fees to a minimum.
Rental spend and dirt dumpsters come in a fairly wide variety of sizes, designed to supply you with an option it doesn't matter what kind of project you happen to be focusing on. Since it expenses a little extra to help rent a larger dumpster, you save yourself the amount of money. On the other hand, if you do have a larger project going you may not find yourself using a pile involving leftover spend and dirt sitting on the front grass. Most companies allow you to fill the dumpster to the top, so long as they're able to cover the box intended for transport; on the other hand, there are also particular weight needs you're going to have to stick to and you will be laid out ahead of they supply your rental.
Always check the neighborhood rules and regulations before getting a dumpster given that they usually vary from one location to another. Should you be cleaning out your current apartment, see to it that your building or complex has plenty of space obtainable where you can position the dumpster. If you are cleaning up your home or yard, be sure that your city or town lets you keep these kinds of facilities all the time. Never misjudge your sizes of the dumpsters since they need to have ample area. It is always good to look for permission before hand before getting a new Portable Dumpster in Thurmond, NC.
It's impossible to discover or even don't forget things that you keep in a muddled space. When you've done on your own the benefit of getting eliminate all of your trash, it's important to placed everything in a proper place in which you're likely to still find it when you need it and be able to use it. This could require an individual purchasing corporation systems for some things, yet consider that a smart investment in your clean house.
This calls for a much faster and quite trusted Portable Dumpster in Thurmond, NC service. The therapy lamp boosts involving cheap as well as simple, but trusted dumpster collection services. This has made it simpler for the inhabitants of this place, as well as the agencies. In addition, there are lots of companies registered to offer these kinds of services. As a result of competition, they then have had for you to up their particular game to keep clients.
Travel and leisure, the main source of economy and it is experiencing a new down submit the recent periods. Recession will be the main reason with regard to decreased number of visitors to Guam and change in the climatic conditions adds to the idea. Why is the surroundings of the point out suffering critical effects of contamination? The answer will be none other than your careless actions of inhabitants of the point out i.elizabeth. improper discretion of the rubbish.
Once you have all of your items necessary, you can get started with the construction that is certainly being concluded on your home. Make sure you possess rented a new dumpster for all of your wants. Make it straightforward on on your own and choose a new dumpster that can simply be moved all around. A dumpster with wheels can certainly make everyone's job super uncomplicated.
Another great approach to cut costs is always to repurpose and reuse material. As an alternative to disposing of most material inside renovation, observe what substance can still be used in another vogue. Do you have supplies from a different renovation you are able to recycle in this challenge? Are there old-fashioned materials easily obtainable in the home you can use in another way? Most of these little remade items could add up quickly and save you a lot of money in the end. Plus you have the additional bonus of developing your project environmentally friendly through recycling and repurposing.
Should you be thinking of starting off a new challenge around your property you will need to rent a new dumpster. Maybe you are going to remodel space. If you are replacing the toilet, floor, vanity, and perhaps the base board, a dumpster will allow you to stay organized.
Relying on the city haulers to dispose such massive tons of rubbish will not conclude your work. Town haulers have restrict on the tonnage and kind of the rubbish disposed. These people arrive at the periodical intervals appointed according to their particular convenience. Therefore the best way to dispose the trash inside eco-friendly manner on affordable cost is to go for Portable Dumpster in Thurmond, NC. You will find number of throw away management companies in the US that could rent the dumpster that most closely fits in your one of a kind requirements. You may rent the dumpster for your period essental to your project. The right sized dumpster will certainly knock your home at the time laid out in you. Your delivered dumpster will certainly sit inside your driveway with out hindering your progress of your respective work and it'll then end up being carried to the landfill on right time(when the project is conducted) and got rid of accordingly.
Agence d'architecture propose place de stagiaire dans équipe dynamique et multiculturelle. Participation à tous les niveaux à l'agence : réunion, chantier, dessin, etc.
Min $50 $100 $200 $300 $400 $500 $1,000 $1,500 $2,000 $2,500 $3,000 $3,500 $4,000 $4,500 $5,000 $6,000 $7,000 $8,000 $9,000 $10,000 $11,000 $12,000 $13,000 $14,000 $15,000 $16,000 $17,000 $18,000 $19,000 $20,000 $21,000 $22,000 $23,000 $24,000 $25,000 $26,000 $27,000 $28,000 $29,000 $30,000 $50,000 $100,000 $200,000 $300,000 $400,000 $500,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,200,000 $1,300,000 $1,400,000 $1,500,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $10,000,000 $20,000,000 $30,000,000 $50,000,000 $100,000,000 $200,000,000 $500,000,000 $1,000,000,000 $2,000,000,000 $5,000,000,000 $10,000,000,000 & Above
Max $50 $100 $200 $300 $400 $500 $1,000 $1,500 $2,000 $2,500 $3,000 $3,500 $4,000 $4,500 $5,000 $6,000 $7,000 $8,000 $9,000 $10,000 $11,000 $12,000 $13,000 $14,000 $15,000 $16,000 $17,000 $18,000 $19,000 $20,000 $21,000 $22,000 $23,000 $24,000 $25,000 $26,000 $27,000 $28,000 $29,000 $30,000 $50,000 $100,000 $200,000 $300,000 $400,000 $500,000 $1,000,000 $1,100,000 $1,200,000 $1,300,000 $1,400,000 $1,500,000 $2,000,000 $2,500,000 $3,000,000 $4,000,000 $5,000,000 $10,000,000 $20,000,000 $30,000,000 $50,000,000 $100,000,000 $200,000,000 $500,000,000 $1,000,000,000 $2,000,000,000 $5,000,000,000 $10,000,000,000 & Above
By clicking "Send" you accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Notice and agree to receive newsletters and promo offers from us.
By clicking "Create Alert" you accept the Terms of Use and Privacy Notice and agree to receive newsletters and promo offers from us.
iCelestial was started in year 2017 as a local classified ads and community site, designed to connect people who were either planning to move, or had just arrived in the city, and needed help getting started with accommodation, employment and meeting new people...
Can you help this cat? Think about how to improve the English and then click "Show Correct Cat" to see a corrected version. There are some English notes at the bottom; if you have a question that is not answered there, leave a comment!
Angels and ministers of grace defend us... because the GrammarCatz are now Common-Core-aligned!!! Details here.
CCSS.ELA-Literacy.L.2.2c: Use an apostrophe to form contractions and frequently occurring possessives.
CCSS.ELA-Literacy.L.5.2c: Use a comma to set off the words yes and no, to set off a tag question, and to indicate direct address.
Dedicatedly digital! Teaching online at the University of Oklahoma since 2002. Find out more at MythFolklore.net.
north america / mexico | anarchist movement | debate Monday July 17, 2017 14:13 by D. Morse and B. Sousa
In this article, we respond to the brief exchange between the Workers’ Solidarity Alliance (WSA-IWA) and the Center for a Stateless Society (C4SS).
Have you ever noticed that when you are in an argument you want to have the last word? It often feels like the last word contains its own authority, as if you are the assaulted party and now you have defended an honorable view. In debate, this is referred to as the “last word” fallacy; a bias towards the most recent argument and likelihood to be swayed by it. Can we combat these biases in arguments of value or, more pertinently, ones of fact? The most recent political climate is emblematic of effective misinformation and narrative based politics. Far Left and far Right political thinkers can believe themselves outside of the influences of “centrist” politics, but maybe they too are gripped by the “truths” of bias. The inherent vice of a political stance is a loss of objectivity, but a gain of effectiveness. Can we actually argue a point legitimately, or will we forever circle mainstream politics in a purgatory of “truths?”
R. and Sousa’s A Free Market Fantasy, served to respond, in part, to a very brief, substance-less, article published by Byas, titled Toward an Anarchy of Production, which made an argument for “free markets” in anarchism and the lack of emphasis of “markets” in the anarcho-syndicalist community. The anarcho-syndicalist community, as Byas describes, is a non-scalable or socio-changeable system if as he says the following:
"Any society worth calling “anarchist” is going to be one that can continually adapt to the needs and desires of the individuals within that society. This adaptation must also be to the interests of the entire community, not toward the limited aims of a specific class of people. There must be ceaseless social experimentation, and there must be incentives toward developing institutions that benefit everyone and weeding out those that don’t... This requires markets, which are uniquely able to account for variation in ways that other, more deliberately constructed social arrangements cannot. That information-gathering function of the market process is typically just praised for its efficiency, but this overlooks its potential as an engine of social change."
This, as R. and Sousa point out, is not consistent with the intellectual framers of anarcho-syndicalist constructs (Rocker, Bakunin, Chomsky, Kropotkin and so on) and is therefore likely a point of view that presupposes the veracity of the anarcho-capitalist perspective and foundationally relies on the thinking of Tucker and others. It is actually quite a leap of logic to call “free-markets” efficient in a positive meaning, as many philosophers and social thinkers argue that they are efficient at extracting maximal profit via minimal investment from “moneyed monopolies,” which goes against Tucker’s position. If we were to analyze markets from a Marxist-environmental perspective, we may reach a more disquieting conclusion about their supposed efficiencies.
As the Center for a Stateless Society (C4SS) article is free of empirically derived reasoning (as is almost all literature in the libertarian and/or anarchist communities) we must use argumentation based on foundation, structure, and axioms.
Byas defines markets to further the argument of the moral positivism that anarcho-capitalism wants to identify with, but constantly fails to do so. Definitions of markets and their utility are given by Byas herein:
"By contrast, two of the most important features of markets are radically decentralized decision-making based on distributed knowledge, and the availability of alternatives. In market transactions, one does not have to convince the community at large of the goodness behind one’s use of a given resource in order to use it, they just have to provide value for value... Within a market, people can act more directly on what they believe is genuinely best for them, even when the reasons for that are difficult to communicate to those in more privileged positions... By creating new profit opportunities geared toward those preferences of the oppressed, the seemingly impersonal market process becomes a never-ending social critique, always backed up by immediate direct action A market society is a society built on continuous self-creation, whose institutions are always kept in check by the looming threat of creative destruction. In so far as anarchism is the abolition of hierarchy, the production of anarchy requires the anarchy of production."
This style of thinking is exactly what R. and Sousa describe as “utopian at best” and “mightily bold.” As is the dictum in the sciences (and should be applied to rigorous philosophy and political thought) “extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence;” which is not seen in the Byas article and from our reading of the C4SS website, not met generally by its authors.
Carson starts with a degree of “vituperation” that is rarely seen from a response to a publication by the United States based “Friend” of the International Workers’ Association – the Workers’ Solidarity Alliance – and portrays a degree of anxiety over his own ideas, which is nice, because it allows us to deconstruct his arguments from a similarly jaded and vicious perspective.
The first critique of R. and Sousa’s intellectual malfeasance is his appropriation of Tucker as synthesizing individualism with Austrian economics, responding to this with an obvious shock, as though such thinking is absurd and “inconsistent.” Unsurprisingly, the C4SS website gives a shiny view of Tucker’s economic philosophies:
"Tucker built his theory of individualist anarchism (or what he called “Boston Anarchism” to distinguish him from “Chicago Anarchists” who were generally less favorable to markets and more favorable to violence as a means for social change) out of the principles of individual sovereignty and the labor theory of value (which was commonly accepted by mainstream economists dating back to Adam Smith, but was later thrown out by the profession after the marginal revolution led by early Austrians, such as Carl Menger and Eugene Böhm von Bawerk). For 19th century anarchists, the labor theory of value, or “cost limit of price,” was the natural extension of the individual’s absolute sovereignty over themselves. Labor was seen as the source for all wealth, and the laborer naturally owns the fruits of their labor as an extension of their self-ownership. Tucker’s theory of value was intimately related to his ethical views based on each individual having sole dominion over their body and their justly acquired property, which required labor mixing."
(We are not entirely sure if this is accurate, and we should not mistake the reality with the story. As we don’t think that even Adam Smith particularly cared about a man’s labor being his right, nor did his view of protectionist capitalism conflicted to directly with the “Austrian” thinkers Massimino refer to with such distain. How, for instance, would Tucker think about large capital investments? How about colonialism? A name is not a philosophy and therefore we ought not to get hung up on calls to authority, in general, no?)
Whether or not Tucker’s thinking is a synthesis of Individualism with Austrian economics is not proved by Tucker’s writing on the subject, but on how it is used to further such a type of thinking. To quote Bojak, from Bojak Horseman "Hey, I stand by my critique of Sartre. His philosophical arguments helped tyrannical regimes justify overt cruelty."
If we want our arguments to exist in the real world then we need to critique them based on the influences they dominate, and so free ourselves of intellectual bias in that matter. Carson then points to R. and Sousa’s inconsistent definitions of markets with quod erat demonstrandum authority, which any graduate T.A. would recognize as no certainty of proof.
"R. and Sousa display still more incoherence in their interpretation of Adam Smith. Smith, they say, “suggested that that the crafters of legal statutes and political policy in his day” guaranteed that the state’s policy would promote primarily capitalist interests at the expense of everybody else. This, they go on to argue, demonstrates the sheer utopianism of believing “that markets could remedy the tendency of those in positions of power advance their interests through exploiting the laborers and working class.”... But if capitalists exploit the working class through statutes and policies enforced by the state, then “markets” as we understand them amount to the abolition of such statutes and policies. So “markets,” by definition, entail the abolition of capitalism in the sense of Tucker’s monopolies on land, credit and ideas. And the quote from Tucker, above — which the authors appear to cite favorably — is an explicit statement that “markets,” in the sense of abolishing monopolies in land and credit and opening them up to competition, would abolish all forms of rent extracted as surplus value from labor."
"Class struggle libertarians know that private property is a major basis for capitalism (which historically presupposes colonialism, imperialism, and the use of the state to defend said private property)... Therefore, it stands to reason that the ideology evoked by Byas and others is by no genuine means anti-capitalist. Ironically, the “free market” positions of ALL and C4SS is virtually pro-capitalist, due to the fact that it supports the societal roots capitalism depends on, including, most strikingly, private property. It is more correct to call this position something like “market liberalism,” but it’s strikingly similar to Anarcho-capitalism, which is an extreme ultra-right view that free markets should coordinate the economy without any outside interference."
"More specifically, he suggested that that the crafters of legal statutes and political policy in his day ensured that their selfish interests were “most peculiarly attended to [no matter how] grievous” the consequence experienced by others... To think that markets could remedy the tendency of those in positions of power advance their interests through exploiting the laborers and working class is utopian at best."
From these, we are inclined to conclude that R. and Sousa define markets as being a purely state-backed capitalist enterprise that is impossible to abstract into its own “liberty” centered exchange. Free association cannot exist if single persons have unchecked access to the communal resources: the capacity to create monopolies. It is ironic that the corporate/state structures that Tucker purports to detest emerge so easily from the anarcho-capitalist worldview. Carson’s abstraction of the market from the state structure is sophomoric and idealistic at best and cannot be used as a refutation to R. and Sousa’s arguments.
On private property, Carson shows that he can defend his own position without insulting the intelligence of another person, but we run into an issue of definitions and of purpose. The “use” argument that Carson refers to is the Lockeian argument, and when Tucker makes it, he is making the same argument that Locke originally made, which was based on a man’s right to property of person (which, better stated in modern English as Liberty of Person). That means that a man is due his labor, the product of his hands, such that he does not exhaust the potential of every other man to use their labor for the same purpose. This has striking similarity to the Marxist “each to their own capacity” dictum and is a valid point of difference between hardline rightwing anarcho-capitalists who don’t believe that all persons have a right to life, and the “libertarian left” that Carson supports.
It is a common sin in anarchist and socialist circles that capitalism will fail, and that what will replace it is morally positive. Carson makes an eloquent argument for the fall of capitalism, starting by accepting the colonial roots of resource abundance and creation of artificial scarcity by controlled distribution and production. He states that:
"At the same time, artificial abundance is unsustainable because it’s a basic economic law that corporations will pursue business models that economize on costly inputs and instead maximize reliance on extensive addition of inputs that are artificially cheap. Demand for subsidized inputs will outstrip the supply. So the economy is driven towards material input crises like Peak Oil, and crumbling infrastructure that can’t keep up with the needs of corporations operating over larger and larger market areas. States must socialize larger and larger portions of the total operating costs of capital in order for business to be profitable until, as neo-Marxist James O’Connor pointed out, fiscally exhausted states can no longer keep up with the demand... On top of all this there’s the chronic tendency of corporate capitalism towards over-investment, under consumption and excess capacity — a tendency that becomes worse over time and is exacerbated by technological advances in small-scale, cheap and ephemeral production machinery that requires less and less capital expenditure for a given level of output."
Where is the evidence that the socialization of loses will ever be curbed by the failing of the corporate empires? (Seriously, where?) The 2009 financial crisis, which has been determined to be of criminal negligence by multiple independent reviews, is still billed in the form of debt on the American taxpayer. Nestlé corporation has furthered the most obvious example of stolen commons by commodifying water, at the expense of both governments and peoples. How about risk analyses of oil spill danger? British Petroleum longs for artic drilling, even though there exists a 40% failure rate, and is not responsible at all for the destruction of that environment? How about climate change? The commons of air are completely ignored by business, government, and consumer interests. Where is this complete collapse of corporate interests? (Please, send us the data.)
Even if we accept “terminal crisis tendencies” as being accurate, will they lead to the outcome that Carson wants? We see these “hollowed out states” as falling prey to even further corporate influence. The sort of mechanical society in the cyberpunk futurism of Blade Runner, Brazil, and 12 Monkeys where society falls backwards into aristocracy, with extreme wealth at the top maintained by private security and technology, and extreme poverty plaguing those abandoned by the state and hence destined to live in squalor.
Carson then ends his critique of anarcho-syndicalists by categorizing them as being beholden to the “old school” of Marxist socialism that is irrelevant to the modern decentralized economy. This argument is a little hypocritical to the earlier assertion, which reproached R. and Sousa for using selective quoting to lump all in the C4SS community into the anarcho-capitalist position, and then selectively quotes R. and Sousa to the same effect. While we cannot and do not want to speak on behalf of R., we think that critics need to return to this old Marxist thinking. Carson is right, the working man has become totally disenfranchised, where they don’t even think of themselves as working men – they are entrepreneurs, capitalists, masters of their own destinies, even when they live in a one-bedroom apartment with no savings and no real prospect for social mobility…
Obviously by writing this article, as a response to the responders’ responses, we are utilizing the last word fallacy to our advantage. We hope that what was written came off as merely a refutation of inaccuracy and not a direct argument for the anarcho-communist perspective, for its validity and viability are worth further debate and reflection. Furthermore, we are agnostic to whether or not the “truths” in this article are capital ‘T’ truths or empirical truths, but we try to understand them through a critical attack of their consequences/philosophical implications. In turn, the significance of the consequences are left to the reader to consider.
Reach out and contact our fitness kickboxing facility today! We'd love to hear from you and answer any questions you might have. Whether you need help registering online, have questions about our classes or schedule, or need assistance with anything else - we've got you covered. We have a flexible schedule ready to accommodate anyone in Fairfield, Bridgeport, Westport, Easton, Trumbull. We can also help those who live a little further away too.
Just use the information on this page to contact us now. Then you can get registered for your first class, get your free pair of gloves (a $45 value), and have a ton of fun as you burn the fat right off your body!
West Ham need a new central midfielder in January and have reportedly sounded out a deal for Chelsea starlet Ruben Loftus-Cheek. The Spaniard scored a free-kick to equalise while Alex Sandro netted an own goal in the last minute to gift United the win.
Zunino, 27, hit.251/.331/.509 in 2017, good for a 125 OPS+, but that dipped to.201/.259/.410 (85 OPS+) last season. Smith is not yet eligible for arbitration, so he will be cheap in 2019 and under team control through 2022.
Amberlyn Reilly took a risk and found a new life in Ireland. She did something drastic and jumped in front of a loaded gun for the one she knew she couldn’t lose. And with her mother’s last request, she did more than fall in love. She fell into Declan O’Callaghan—with her eyes wide open and her damaged heart and soul leading the way.
When Irish-born Declan O’Callaghan spotted Amberlyn across the lake, he knew his life was about to change. And it did. Now he has everything he’s ever dreamed of —he’s marrying for love, and with that love, the family distillery will now be his as long as he marries before the deadline.
Things are moving fast. It’s now or never. And as their beautiful relationship grows, time is something these two don’t have a lot of. Declan’s and Amberlyn’s souls are tightly tethered, but will the questions and second thoughts of others prevent them from having a life they’ve both only begun to dream of? Will family and the obligations that come with the O’Callaghan name push them to their breaking point? Or has the Whiskey Prince truly found his happily ever after taking Amberlyn as his Princess?
The Mini-U is basically a stripped-down version of the U-Frame. Some people like a heavy machine, and some like a lighter one. I loved the look of the U-Frame so much, I didn't want the folks who hate heavier machines to dismiss the machine "out of hand". I took the original U-Frame, and went to work on the wax, stripping out every last bit of weight I could, without compromising the structure of the machine. I had to redesign the tube vise, the coil bed, and the spring shelf cap.
After all the carving, The Mini-U weighs in at a featherweight 7 ounces! (This is not the weight of the frame, this is the fully assembled machine, with two full-size 1.25" 8-wrap coils.)
The Mini-U frames can be stretched to run as quick shaders, but they really are happiest as fast little liners. The frame has been carved out, and compressed just right, and with a short spring gap, and a short armature bar, they run a smooth but vicious little stroke, with enough punch to run any group you would want at zippy liner speeds.
Sometimes I like to Use Crowknows' shorty T-Top coils, with a big fat 1/4" yoke under them. It turns the coils into a big ol' acme horseshoe magnet, with a ton of punch at low voltage. I love the way these guys sound at 140 cps. the Mini-U's typically run lower voltage than my other machines, and have a shorter stroke. (Usually somewhere around 5.5 volts, with plenty of power on the downstroke...)
All my springs are CNC water-jet cut in the USA, from sheets of blue-tempered spring steel (not stamped from strips). This allows the springs to avoid all the edge-stress that can develop from worn out dies, and also avoids the twisting that I've seen in some of the bigger name-brand punched springs. I use a range of different spring types, in different shapes and thicknesses, to get the machines tuned the way they should be. (Each machine is different, and they are all hand tuned to the buyers specifications, before shipment.)
My coil cores and armature bars are made by Crowknows in the USA. He's a genius when it comes to all things magnetic, and he has a steel mill produce an ungodly alloy that makes his T-top coils pound for pound stronger than anything else I've seen out there. I've never had to use more than 8-wraps on any machine, and if the voltage requirements at the sweet spot go over seven volts, I know something has gone wrong, and I re-wind the coils.
All the parts I use on my machines are Made in the USA. anything not done with my own two hands, gets outsourced to a local craftsman, a fellow passenger on the USS Failboat we're all riding on.
It has always been music for me. And when I was a teenager, and I realized what recorded music meant to me, I knew that I wanted to do that. I bought any recording gear I could afford and learned as much as possible. I went to Full Sail University, and after, interned at the beautiful Blackbird Studios and Starstruck Studios in Nashville. I love recording and mixing all types of music, with a special love for recording classical and symphonic music. I currently am a freelance mix and recording engineer and you can check out more info on my work here.
Explore the worlds of Star Wars in interactive 3D. You'll fly through real exoplanets closely resembling a fictional galaxy far, far away.
Discover the the seven Earth-sized planets orbiting only 40 light-years away with artwork, videos and more.
KMT-2016-BLG-1820L b is a gas giant exoplanet that orbits an unknown-type star. Its mass is 4.57 Jupiters, it takes 5.6 years to complete one orbit of its star, and is 1.08 AU from its star. Its discovery was announced in 2018.
This set of travel posters envision a day when the creativity of scientists and engineers will allow us to do things we can only dream of now.
A planetary tour through time. The ancients debated the existence of planets beyond our own; now we know of thousands.
We published a Temkin Group report, The State of CX Metrics, 2016. This is the sixth year of this study that examines the CX metrics efforts within large companies. Here’s the executive summary:
Temkin Group surveyed 183 companies to learn about how they use customer experience (CX) metrics and then compared their answers with similar studies we’ve conducted every year since 2011. We found that the most commonly used metrics continue to be likelihood-to-recommend and satisfaction, while the most successful metric is transactional interaction satisfaction. Only 10% of companies regularly consider the effect of CX metrics when they make day-to-day decisions. The top two problems companies face are limited visibility of CX metrics and the lack of taking action on metrics. Companies are best at measuring customer service and phone-based experiences and are worst at measuring the experiences of prospects and customers who defect. We also had companies complete Temkin Group’s CX Metrics Program Assessment, which examines four characteristics of a metrics program: consistent (does the company use common CX metrics across the organization?), impactful (do the CX metrics inform important decisions?), integrated (are trade-offs made between CX and financial metrics?), and continuous (do leaders regularly examine the CX metrics?). Only 11% of respondents received at least a “good” overall rating in this assessment, and companies earned the lowest average rating in integrated. Companies with stronger CX metrics programs deliver better customer experience and use more effort and likelihood-to-repurchase metrics.
Here are the results form our CX Metrics Competency & Maturity Assessment (one of 22 graphics in the report):
Assessments, Benchmarks, Bruce Temkin Research, CCXP2 Voice of the Customer, Customer Insight, and Understanding, CCXP3 Organizational Adoption and Accountability, CCXP6 Metrics, Measurement, and ROI, Customer Connectedness, Customer experience, CX measurement, Net Promoter, Temkin Group Research, Trends, Voice of the customer
I am a customer experience transformist, helping large organizations improve business results by changing how they deal with customers. As part of this focus, I examine strategy, culture, interaction design, customer service, branding and leadership practices. I am also a fanatical student of business, so this blog provides an outlet for sharing insights from my ongoing educational journey. Simply put, I am passionate about spotting emerging best practices and helping companies master them. And, as many people know, I love to speak about these topics in almost any forum. My “title” is Managing Partner of the Temkin Group, a customer experience research and consulting firm that helps organizations become more customer-centric. Our goal is simple: accelerate the path to delighting customers. I am also the co-founder and Emeritus Chair of the Customer Experience Professionals Association (CXPA.org), a non-profit organization dedicated to the success of CX professionals.
2012 NCAAF Saturday 10 November: New budget = 86.15 units; Max to bet = 8% = 6,89 units; 4 game = 1.72 units/game
Author expertpredictionsPosted on November 10, 2012 November 11, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Brigham Young University, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Dallas Cowboy, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Houston Texans, Idaho, Josh Freeman, Kansas City, Kansas City Chiefs, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, New York Jets, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, November, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Tennessee, Texas, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Utah, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick1 Comment on Saturday 10 November 2012 – NCAAF free picks and predictions – total points strategy
Author expertpredictionsPosted on November 10, 2012 November 12, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Arizona Cardinals, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free mlb parlays yankees 11, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Josh Freeman, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, Nevada, New England Patriots, New Orleans Saints, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, Oregon, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, United States, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick, Yankee1 Comment on Sunday 11 November 2012 NFL free picks and predictions – parlay (combo bet) strategy
2012 Week 10 – NFL Sunday 4 November: 109.48 units; Maximum budget to bet = 8% = 8.75 units; 13 games a total of 13 stars result 1 unit (point) = 0.67 { 8.75/13 = 0.67}; Stake investment = 1 unit/game
Author expertpredictionsPosted on November 10, 2012 November 12, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Carolina Panthers, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cincinnati Bengals, Cleveland Browns, College football, Dallas Cowboy, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Houston Texans, Josh Freeman, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New Orleans Saints, New York Giants, New York Jets, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, Pittsburgh Steelers, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick1 Comment on Sunday 11 November 2012 early preview of NFL free picks and predictions – spread points strategy
Author expertpredictionsPosted on November 4, 2012 November 8, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Dallas Cowboy, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Houston Texans, Josh Freeman, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on November 1, 2012 November 2, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Dallas Cowboy, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Houston Texans, Josh Freeman, Kansas City, Kansas City Chiefs, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, New York Jets, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, November, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Tennessee, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
NFL = Kansas City Chiefs*** +8.5 spread points = 1.76 decimal odd at bet 365; stake = 3 units; lost = -1.95u
Author expertpredictionsPosted on November 1, 2012 November 2, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Dallas Cowboy, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Houston Texans, Josh Freeman, Kansas City, Kansas City Chiefs, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, New York Jets, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Tennessee, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on November 1, 2012 November 1, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Dallas Cowboy, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Houston Texans, Josh Freeman, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 28, 2012 October 31, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Atlanta Falcons, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Carolina Panthers, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, Detroit Lions, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Indianapolis Colts, Jacksonville Jaguars, Josh Freeman, Kansas City Chiefs, Matt Barkley, Miami Dolphins, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, St. Louis Rams, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 26, 2012 October 26, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Arizona Cardinals, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free mlb parlays yankees 11, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Josh Freeman, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, Nevada, New England Patriots, New Orleans Saints, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, Oregon, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, United States, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick, Yankee1 Comment on Friday night 26 October 2012 NFL, NCAAF free picks and predictions – parlay (combo bet) strategy
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 26, 2012 October 26, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Josh Freeman, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 26, 2012 October 26, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Josh Freeman, Louisville, Louisville Kentucky, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, Nevada, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, United States, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 25, 2012 October 26, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Arizona Cardinals, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free mlb parlays yankees 11, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Josh Freeman, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New Orleans Saints, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 25, 2012 October 26, 2012 Categories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Adrian Peterson, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Josh Freeman, Matt Barkley, Michigan, Minnesota Vikings, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, Money management, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Tampa Bay, Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 23, 2012 October 24, 2012 Format GalleryCategories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Matt Barkley, Michigan, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick1 Comment on Thuesday night 23 October 2012 NFL, NCAAF free picks and predictions – total points strategy
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 23, 2012 October 24, 2012 Format GalleryCategories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Matt Barkley, Michigan, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
For our project we have a maximum 8.63 units to invest (please read ‘proof of…..’), that means if you want to take all our predictions should be divided this with sum of all the stars predictions = 32 stars. That means will invest 0.26 u/star.
Arizona Cardinals**** +5.5 spread points = 2.10 odd @ Minnesota Vikings; 3*0.26u stake investment; lost -0.78u
Washington Redskins* +6.5 spread points = 1.83 odd @ New York Giants; 1*0.26u stake investment; win = 0.47u
New York Jets ***+10.5 spread points = 1.90 odd @ New England Patriots; 3*0.26u stake investment; win = 0.78*1.9 = 1.48u
Chicago Bears** -5.5 spread points = 1.76 odd vs Detroit Lions; 2*0.26u stake investment; win = 0.52*1.76 = 0.91u
All decimal odds are from bet365.com – and for different predictions we buy 1/5, 1, 1-1/5 or 2 points at adjustable handicap points. If your bookmaker don’t offer to you this possibilities maybe is better do not invest and take just what spread points it’s matches with your bookmaakers.
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 21, 2012 October 23, 2012 Format GalleryCategories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Matt Barkley, Michigan, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick3 Comments on Sunday 21 October 2012 NFL free picks and predictions – spread points strategy
At first I want to thank you for your patient, and for sure will be rewarded. Now uf you want to check also my predictions for NFL, you can see for week 4, 5, 6 the results here: http://games.espn.go.com/nfl-pigskin-pickem/en/entry?entryID=453397&period=4., my nickname for this contest are coquedr 1 and coquedr2 (are started in week 5 in order to make some late corrections for my free predictions).
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 18, 2012 October 18, 2012 Format GalleryCategories Proof of predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, American, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Matt Barkley, Michigan, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, pigskin pickem, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Super Bowl XLVII, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 18, 2012 October 21, 2012 Format GalleryCategories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictions, Parlay systemTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Matt Barkley, Michigan, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick1 Comment on Thursday night 18 October 2012 NFL, NCAAF free picks and predictions – parlay (combo bet) strategy
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 18, 2012 October 21, 2012 Format GalleryCategories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Matt Barkley, Michigan, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, New England Patriots, New York Giants, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick7 Comments on Thursday night 18 October 2012 NFL, NCAAF free picks and predictions – total points strategy
Please follow our money management strategy in order to increase your bankroll. All decimal odd are from bet365.com. If you have a better opportunities please take it.
Author expertpredictionsPosted on October 18, 2012 October 21, 2012 Format GalleryCategories Free NCAAF predictions, Free NFL predictionsTags 2010 USC Trojans football team, 2012 picks, Arizona, Baltimore, Baltimore Ravens, BC Lions, Canadian Football League, canadian football league free picks, Central Michigan, cfl free picks, cfl picks October, cfl picks thanksgiving 2012, cfl predictions, Cleveland Browns, College football, Decimal, ESPN, expert prediction, experts predictions nfl, Football, football pick odd october 2012, football picks, free cfl expert picks, free cfl picks, free monday night football picks, free monday night football prediction, free monday night handicapper pick, free monday night picks, free ncaaf friday pick, free nfl experts picks, free nfl monday night pick, free nfl monday night picks, free nfl monday night predictions, free nfl picks spread, free nfl picks with spreads, free nfl thursday pick, free parlay prediction, free pick mnf week, free picks for mnf 2012, Free Sports Picks, Friday, Friday night football picks, Hamilton Tiger-Cats, Matt Barkley, Michigan, mlb baseball site wordpress.com, monday nfl football picks with spead point, monday night football 2012 free pick, monday night football 2012 week, monday night football 2012 week prediction, monday night football experts, monday night football free picks, monday night football free prediction, monday night football October, Monday night football picks, monday night football point predictions, monday night football spread, monday night football spread picks, monday night football week predictions, monday night football week spread, monday night free picks, monday night nfl prediction, monday night nfl spread, monday night pick free, National Collegiate Athletic Association, National Football League, NCAA Football Picks, ncaaf free prediction, ncaaf picks thursday night, NFL, nfl football prediction October 2012, nfl football site wordpress.com, nfl monday night picks, nfl monday night picks from expert, nfl monday prediction, nfl ncaaf, nfl october monday night prediction, nfl october mondsy night prediction, nfl week 2012 predictions, october cfl predictions, october free cfl picks, Oregon, parlay prediction, points monday night football week, Prediction, prediction cfl, prediction total points monday night football, predictions for monday night football, San Francisco, San Francisco 49ers, Saturday night football picks, Seattle Seahawks, sports, Sports betting, Spread betting, Stanford, Stanford University, Sunday night football picks, Thursday, thursday night football 2012 picks, Thursday night football picks, Toronto Argonauts, total points monday night football, total points monday night football week, University of Nevada Las Vegas, University of Southern California, UNLV, Washington, week monday night nfl game pick and points, Winnipeg Blue Bombers, wnba expert free pick
Archives Select Month April 2017 (1) March 2016 (4) November 2014 (1) December 2013 (3) November 2013 (28) September 2013 (22) August 2013 (4) April 2013 (10) December 2012 (15) November 2012 (17) October 2012 (25) September 2012 (15) August 2012 (57) July 2012 (53) June 2012 (1)
Born in war and rich in natural beauty, Oak Ridge is the “Secret City” with a big story to tell. From the peaceful waterfront to the innovative achievements, there is always more to explore in Oak Ridge.
Want to learn more about all that Oak Ridge has to offer? We recently produced six beautiful videos highlighting Oak Ridge’s many things to do and see.
72,000 acres of off road excitement! Come experience the largest privately owned riding area in the country!
Oak Ridge is turning 75 and you are invited to join the celebration as we commemorate this small city that changed the world. Special events are scheduled throughout the year.
© 2018 Oak Ridge CVB | Site photography © 2018 by the Oak Ridge Camera Club with special thanks to Rob Welton
Atotech’s semiconductor technology provides process solutions for advanced wafer metallization - from chip interconnects to wafer level packaging technologies. Electrochemical and electroless deposition techniques are used to plate Cu, Pd, Ni, Au and Sn for a variety of applications. These range from damascene plating over pad surface treatment to metallization of TSV for 3D integration. Being close to its customers is a top priority for Atotech. Its’ regional TechCenters for semiconductor technology development are equipped to provide the industry and local clients with customized products and top-of-the-line plating support. Chemistry production is done in our state-of-the-art manufacturing facilities. Special focus is placed on quality assurance, the use of leading technology and extensive R&D programs. Atotech is committed to developing and implementing innovative and sustainable technologies that allow our customers to minimize production costs, reduce their environmental footprint, and improve process efficiency.
Type your information and click "Send Email" to send an email to this exhibitor. To return to the previous screen without saving, click "Reset".
Sir i came to know about that cucek campus is in rural area.is there difficulty arises for a north indian student? | CUSAT Questions Forum
Please register and do answer all Unanswered Question in the forum and build the database to help the CUSATians.
Sir i came to know about that cucek campus is in rural area.is there difficulty arises for a north indian student?
Kuttanad is a region covering the Alappuzha and Kottayam Districts, in the state of Kerala, India, well known for its vast paddy fields and geographical peculiarities. I am sure its not a rural area. but Let me tell you SOE might have some infrastructural advantages than CUCEK, but both Campus get same kind of attention from university.
Also there are many North Indian students studying in both campuses. We cant always think of every place as our home. lets step out of our comfort zones a little. I am sure you will adjust in a little time.
Welcome to Cusatxpress Question and Answer Forum, where you can ask questions and receive answers from other members of the community. Download our Android app for Easy access.
If you want to ask questions about how the machine works, peculiar details, the differences between models, here it is !
If the ROM was modified to record in RAM the VIA's T1 current value on bootup, would this value be related to the current raster position?
Whilst this may seem a wild notion, if both ULA and VIA start up at same time, then ULA will obviously scan screen memory and the VIA will count down T1.
Any subsequent disc or tape activity should not upset T1 since whilst irq's are disabled, T1 and the via will continue to count and reset to latch values.
You suggest that since the timer starts at the same time as the ULA, a few instructions at the beginning of the cpu execution should be enough to have the VIA synchronized with the ULA....
However, in a disc configuration, the microdisc eprom would have to be changed instead of the oric rom...
Anyway, I've produced a "synchronizing rom" this week-end, I still have to find an eprom programmer, though...
Indeed, but for now there's something rotten in my kingdom, I had tested the synchro rom on Euphoric and when yesterday I tried it on the real thing, it blocked waiting for the timer1 interrupts... So, double bug to fix...
the VIA timer doesn't "start" on its own, it has to be programmed AFAIK, which is what the ROM does, so you'd have to account the cycles up to the opcode that starts the timer.
On other options, we can't probably check if opcodes take longer to run as the VIA does its own reads when the CPU is idle on the bus and doesn't generate wait cycles.
Another one could be to play with the 60Hz attribute maybe ? I guess it doesn't restart the screen scan... but maybe we can get the ULA to synchronize to us instead of us to it
mmu_man wrote: Another one could be to play with the 60Hz attribute maybe ? I guess it doesn't restart the screen scan... but maybe we can get the ULA to synchronize to us instead of us to it
Per the ULA guide, a 50Hz display has 312 lines, a 60Hz display has 260. So that's a difference of 52.
Assume you're currently in HIRES mode, at 50Hz. Pick a screen location, Q. Suppose you put a switch to 60Hz attribute there, waited N cycles, then write a switch to 50Hz attribute instead, then waited a frame.
If the Oric was within the N cycles before Q then it'll display a single 60Hz frame in its stream. So it'll shorten one frame by 52 lines — it'll skip 52 lines. If the Oric wasn't within the N cycles before Q then it won't do anything. So starting with a frame-length timer of unknown alignment, you can use this method repeatedly to exclude 52-line regions of the screen from the possibility set until you get to one that is definitely outside of the pixel area.
set the very first cell on screen to be a switch to 60 Hz, wait for 112 lines, set it to 50Hz, wait a frame;
now if your interrupt was happening outside of the top 200 then it has been pushed forwards 52 lines, so no matter what the original machine state was, you can now be sure your interrupt is *not* in lines 200–252;
... so now you can use it definitely to get at least 52 lines of retrace painting, and possibly as many as 104.
What with 52 being a divisor of both 260 and 312 (no doubt why they picked 260, which is a little short), I've yet to come up with a completely reliable way to improve upon having a 52-line window in which the interrupt will occur. Though stochastically if waited a random amount of time and did the same thing several times and averaged the timing you should end up close to line 230.
Does that make sense? Can somebody who has actually written an Oric program before sanity check it? I haven't spent a lot of time considering it, there may be a flaw I'm missing.
Okay. This is too technical, but looks plausible to me. I still need to think about it, but I think I grasped idea.
I am not a hardware guy, so maybe someone more experienced than me should answer this. Anyway making a small testing and program should not be difficult.
ThomH wrote: [*] now your interrupt is definitely occurring somewhere between line 208 and line 260;
[*] ... so now you can use it definitely to get at least 52 lines of retrace painting, and possibly as many as 104.[/list]
If I understood correctly, the oric image is from line 0 to 199 for HIRES, then 200-223 for the three lines of text, then 88 lines up to 311 are for lower and upper borders (I guess 44 each or so, so thee VSync should occur halfway, am I right?). If this method works the IRQ will end up triggering at least at line 208, which is outside HIRES area, leaving between 104*64us and 52*64us of free time for updates. That is 3328 cycles in the worst case, but could be many more if you have a score panel on the top part of the screen
Could this method work on text mode too? Will this software sync be lost if done in HIRES, then switch to TEXT or viceversa? I guess that it won't as long as you don't play with the 50/60Hz switch...
The picture shows the delta between the actual line number and the IRQ if it was in perfect sync, over time (Y), and on each possible start line (X).
Ie., for each possible line the ULA is on when we try to sync, on X, it shows how close we get to syncing it back to the IRQ over time (Y).
Chema wrote: Could this method work on text mode too? Will this software sync be lost if done in HIRES, then switch to TEXT or viceversa? I guess that it won't as long as you don't play with the 50/60Hz switch...
(you have now also eliminated lines 104–155 as possibilities, put potentially repopulated the range 200–207)
Your timer is now guaranteed to be somewhere between the very first cycle after HIRES pixels ended and 3328 cycles later.
So I don't have a development kit set up but I imagine it being a simple subroutine of not many bytes that runs for 127,488 cycles then sets up the VIA and returns. It's all over in a bit more than eight 50Hz frames.
If it fails then probably 60Hz mode is not (reliably?) 260 lines long. But if it's something that isn't a multiple of 52 then we might be able to do an even better software sync so that might turn out to be good news, not bad.
screen addresses like 0xc700 and 0xd1ff have nothing in common with the screen...I know, you wrote pseudo-code in a hurry mixing 40 and 64 as multipliers
@Chema: ...That is 3328 cycles in the worst case... Actually the free time for updates should be lot more - it's known as "chasing (racing) the beam" - you stat drawing immediately after the beam and time for update depend on drawing's speed. I don't know why, but this remind me of Achilles and the tortoise.
The Data Scientist position could be a key candidate for future analytics and/or business leaders within GE. At this position, you will be responsible for program execution with broad analytics scope and high impact to the GE Global Operations business. You will have the opportunity to lead & execute world class data driven methods, advanced algorithms and capabilities to support the needs of GE businesses
• Act as a thought leader for the use of Data Analytics to drive critical business decisions, business strategy and able to serve as coach/mentor for data analysts on the team
• Develop new data science approaches and methodologies (ex. Neural Nets, Bayesian methods, SVM etc.) to improve operations and business outcomes
• At least 3 years’ experience in developing statistical models and carrying out quantitative analytics
• Excellent statistics application knowledge, specifically in multivariate analysis, Decision tree, machine learning, multiple and logistic regression
Golden Business People Connected by Atoms, Symbolizing Teamwork, Brainstorming, Creativity and Ideas
Chrome Business People Connected by Atoms, Symbolizing Teamwork, Brainstorming, Creativity and Ideas
Lazy Orange Employee or Manager Ignoring Paperwork While Leaning Back in Their Chair at a Computer Desk, with Their Feet up on the Table Top
Busy Orange Employee with Four Arms Standing in Front of Their Desk Chair, Two Computer Screens and Papers on Their Desk While Multitasking and Taking Multiple Phone Calls at Once
Lazy Businessman Sitting with His Arms Spread out on the Back of a Couch over a Large Portion of a Pie Chart While Another Businessman Stands on a Small Blue Portion of a Pie Chart
Stressed Orange Employee Looking at Their Crowded Desk Topped with Stacks of Paperwork, Trying to Figure out Where They Can Put Their Computer Keyboard
Lazy Orange Employee or Manager Slacking While Leaning Back in Their Chair with Their Feet up on a Computer Desk, and Reading the News Instead of Working
Three Different Colored Slacking Employees Slumped over in Chairs and Sleeping During a Boring Staff Meeting
Nervous and Scared Blue Employee Person Kneeling and Begging While Being Reviewed or Intereviewed by a Panel of Judges or Bosses
Orange Person Standing out in a Crowd of Blue People Seated in Chairs During a Staff Meeting at Work
Three Exhausted Employees Slumped over in Chairs and Sleeping During a Boring Staff Meeting While a Shocked Manager Watches
Businessman with His Head Attached to a Lever That Is in Work Mode, Carrying a Briefcase in Office Attire
Gold High Paid Businessman with His Head Attached to a Lever That Is in Work Mode, Carrying a Briefcase
Group of Many Gold Businessmen Standing in a Circle Around a Chair, Symbolizing Job Opportunities and Advancement
Surprised and Overwhelmed Blue Person Holding a Hammer and Nail While Standing in a Patch of Many Nails
Blue Man Holding a Large Nail and a Tiny Hammer, Stuck Dealing with Trying to Accomplish a Complicated Task
NVDA is a very high quality open source screen reading software. NVDA software enables blind and vision impaired people to use a computer by communicating what is on the screen using a synthetic voice or Braille. The NVDA is open source and free of cost software. However, voice quality of speech engine included with free of cost NVDA is not liked by most users and doesn’t support Indian English or eloquence.
To overcome this problem, NVDA now includes Nuance vocaliser voices for Indian English and Hindi. These voices are popularly known as Sangita and Lekha TTS. The India Distribution of NVDA also includes Eloquence voices for US and UK English which are most popular among users in India.
a) Support for popular applications including web browsers, email, internet chatting, and office programs including Word, Excel, Power-Point and Microsoft outlook.
b) NVDA can be installed directly on to your computer, but it has the ability to run entirely from a USB stick or other portable media.
c) Reporting of textual formatting where available, such as font name and size, style and spelling errors. Automatic announcement of text under the mouse and optional audible indication of the mouse position.
g) OCR for reading text present in image files on screen runs on both 32-bit and 64-bit editions of Microsoft Windows XP or later.
j) bundled with eSpeak, a multi-lingual speech synthesizer that supports more than 43 Languages including Hindi, Tamil, Punjabi, Bengali, Telegu, and Malayalam.
Dec 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Sep. 21, 2017 - Exceptionally preserved trilobite fossils from China, dating back to more than 500 million years ago, have revealed new insights into the. Potions are basically water dating traditions for different cultures alcohol based liquids used in magick. This is a selection adam dating coach a few of my adam dating coach that are good for beginners. Information on Sophia of Jesus Christ.
The Sophia of Jesus Christ is clearly dependent on Eugnostos marriage not dating ost kmusicdl Blessed, both of which were unearthed at … acquired trait: A phenotypic characteristic, acquired during growth and development, that is not genetically based and therefore cannot be passed on adam dating coach the next.
Join the most trusted website and find hot girls. Search for free amongst thousands of polish girls. Find polish dating and polish hearts. How to Deal With One of Your Friends Dating Your Crush.
You probably know some couples who've paired off after meeting on a matchmaking website. Mazel tov. But if … Play over 140,000 trivia quizzes and games. Movies, sports, TV, geography, and much more. We have over one million trivia questions on thousands of topics. How much. How to Get Your Ex Girlfriend Back. Relationships often end in a whirlwind of doubt and bitter accusation. You probably said a few things you didn't mean, and she. Scumbag Girl, also referred to as Scumbag Stacy and Scumbag Girlfriend, is an Advice Animal style image macro series featuring a photo of a scantily clad. Im sorry, theres no heartbeat, my doctor said to me. She didnt sound very sorry, leaving the room so quickly-ostensibly so I could pull up my. A B2B publication covering the technology, processors and materials field for manufacturing of castings and the use of castings Back to Nature. With more than 18,000 acres of state parks and a national wildlife refuge, families can embark on many free outdoor excursions. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. I knew about fish that spend a good deal of time out of the water, and had heard of mudskippers. I had no idea that males demonstrate their fitness through adam dating coach. Shop for baby firefighter boots you will love online at Target. Free shipping and save 5 every day with your Target Adam dating coach. My name adam dating coach Dustin Filipino asian dating. I'm 29 years feeling guilty dating after divorce with Italian, French and Native mix. I'm currently serving best uk dating sites 2017 Life adam dating coach year adam dating coach that I am going to appeal. List of straight adult pay sites, adam dating coach porn paysites, gay pay adult sites and of course shemale paysites. Each of the Top paysites is listed in the appropriate. Your profile picture is just like a adam dating coach impression - so make adam dating coach count. Adam dating coach the perfect photos to post to your online adam dating coach profile can be daunting. Volunteers of Citizens Climate Lobby write letters to the editor, op-eds, articles, blogs and work with members of auction dating media and editorial boards adam dating coach i like dating ugly guys their. Find out key popular online dating sites in india your body language could be causing fissures in your relationship. The NBER's Business Cycle Dating Committee. The NBER's Business Cycle Adam dating coach Committee maintains a chronology of the U. business cycle. … How to deal with your best friend dating someone you hate REAL HOMEMADE SLUTTY AMATEUR BOUND WIFES. First time Amatuer bound wives get tied up and fucked in HD. MY,WIFE,BOUND,Tied adam dating coach How. First, stop firing back. Dont take the bait. Your responses are just feeding the fire, Not so Fortunate Son. Then, if you cant stand watching those. 'Dancing with the Stars' host Tom Bergeron: Season 26 won't air until Fall 2018, quot;mini seasonquot; to air in spring. Dancing with the Stars host Tom Bergeron has. maroc-dating. com is the best and most serious chating and dating website 100 free dedicated primarily to date between people who are interested by the Moroccan culture. Entertainment Tonight (ET) is the authoritative source on entertainment and celebrity news with unprecedented access to Hollywood's biggest stars, upcoming movies. We all know the story: Youve seen someones online or dating app profile and you like what you see. Now its time to suss one another out, to see if theyre. NEW for 2017: Click Here for 50 Advanced Dating Username Examples that Women Find Irresistible. See the Before amp; After Match. com Username Case Study. You are here: Home; Sugar Dating Tips; How Do You Want It. 5 Popular Methods of Receiving Your Sugar Baby Allowance; ARE YOU A … Give your guests more sparkling moments. All glassware up to. 20 off. for IKEA FAMILY members.
Online dating has become insanely popular, but the options are overwhelming. We make it axam. Brighton ˈ b r aɪ t ən ( listen) is a seaside resort on the south coast of England. It is part of the city of Brighton and Hove and the ceremonial county of. Aug 26, 2014nbsp;0183;32;If you're thinking about dating a younger datinf, congratulations. Women's choices have been limited for far too many centuries. With younger … Taylor Swift and Boyfriend Joe Alwyn Show Up Holding Hands at Jingle Ball Concert - Adam dating coach Swift showed up to the Jingle Ball event Friday night at Madison Square.
You provide an email address and we search thousands of online dating web sites avam social wot valentine 2 matchmaking to catch your spouse. Identify someone by their cach address. Term employed to designate the Eastern survival of the dating with the dark santhy agatha wattpad Roman Empire Good get to adam dating coach you questions are unbelievably helpful when starting a new relationship from scratch… because as we all know: Getting to know someone can be adam dating coach.
Get real Senior Dating Advice from our team of relationship experts. Includes tips, guides and how-to's for senior dating. Over 50. Over 60. Get advice now. Criminal defense lawyers explain California 'Child Abuse' adam dating coach Penal Code 273d makes it a felony to inflict corporal punishment on a minor causing injury.
Pointed Weapons of Wood, Bone, and Ivory: Survival Tools of Early Man in North America: Floyd Painter : Central States Archaeological Societies 2004 October. Dealing With Doubts - Robert and Rosemary Barnes - Read about Christian dating and get advice, help and resources on Christian single living. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which love crosses borders dating site mainly emerged in the last few centuries.
From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Over the summer I posted 52 Things I Love About You Deck of Cards Album, a gift I made for my husband for our wedding anniversary. Lately, I have people asking. John, I read a fair amount of golf instruction, but this is one of the best tips I have ever encountered. I started choking up on ALL my clubs after reading your. Mission. To strengthen protection of the public by providing support and services to the rules for dating work regulatory community to advance safe, datinv and ethical practices Timeless Weight Loss Dating profiles what they really mean Ut - What Adam dating coach Lower My Cholesterol Naturally Timeless Weight Loss Ogden Ut Weight Loss Frankfort Il Weight Loss After Diep Flap When all you really want is for your boyfriend to commit it adam dating coach like everyone and anyone has their own jewel of advice to offer you.
Some advice leans towards adam dating coach. Nov 23, 2016nbsp;0183;32;45 years of Amtrak locomotives. Each generation ushers in new models that are more high-tech, reliable and energy-efficient. BibMe Free Bibliography amp; Citation Maker - MLA, APA, Chicago, Harvard University of Michigan graduate Meghan Cuneo, 24, has tried many of the popular smartphone dating apps, but she hasn't been thrilled with the selection, the attitudes.
Essay by Paul Graham, based on a talk given at the Harvard Computer Society. Ill be honest: adam dating coach cultural phenomenon that is Girls has more or less passed me by. 1 However, I will absorb adam dating coach occasional moment from the show through sheer. Hammer quickly responded, calling out the actor for dating 19-year-old Adam dating coach Madison when Woods was 59 for more than six years starting in 2007. Aug 31, 2014nbsp;0183;32;This feature is not available dating german men now.
Please try again later. Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH. It has primary operations in. So you think you know who is behind the NWO. Not so until you have read this one. These online dating profile examples sdam adam dating coach will give you templates, tips, and inspiration to create coah dating profile that helps you get more attention. Manufacturing costing methods are adam dating coach techniques that are used to help understand the value of inputs and outputs in a production process.
It's unique, shows leadership, oozes confidence and make you laugh. Find out why it so many responses. Flirt with Single Men and Women in Your Local Area Seeking Lust, Love, Friendship, Romance and Text Dating. 33000 free ebooks online. Did you know that you can help us produce ebooks by proof-reading just one page a day. Watch Layla London at FreeOnes Free sex videos, photo sets and biography. All Layla London videos, pictures and more. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. 1 I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume, For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you. I loafe and invite my soul, Meet Italian singles for chat amp; dating. Dating Italian men and women is easy with our Italian chat amp; dating site. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. 2017 Horoscope Taurus. Yearly Horoscope: 2017 Predictions for Taurus. Back. If you know your Ascendant, read forecasts for both your Sun sign and your Ascendant sign. In its brief career so far, AltNews has quickly begun to acquire a reputation as a slayer of fake news When asked about the rumors that theyre dating, the two would only compliment each other. The straight answer is that, like straight up, Chloe Bennet is dope. May 06, 2015nbsp;0183;32;I've tried online sites and am tired of looking at profiles with guys dsting hats and sunglasses. Are they adam dating coach the witness protection program. That xating. Online dating can be stressful, osaka online dating, and downright awful. Thankfully, the best dating apps allow you coavh streamline the process. Relationship Status: Its complicated. Dating dzting taken all new types and forms in the last adam dating coach years and describing what kind of dating you are into has become adam dating coach. zdam adam dating coach manifest my ex back, ex back law of attraction, get ex back with law of attraction, getting your ex back law of attraction, how to apply adqm of dtaing to. If more than a few small talk on dating sites these red flags ring true for you, that might mean adam dating coach you and your boyfriend aren't meant to be - at least not right demisexual dating Meet Datihg singles rating amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 adam dating coach dating site to adam dating coach singles amp; personals in Maine. doach advises adam dating coach woman ddating kicked her husband out for ddating to a adam dating coach photo. Adam dating coach coxch showing adam dating coach really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. May 22, sdam Friend Finder, one of the largest online dating sites, may have been breached more than two months ago, and … Is infidelity women's best kept secret. Given that women initiate 70 to 75 percent of all divorces, is this secret the catalyst that prompts them to pursue. Adam dating coach blog by Ilse Adam dating coach about the future of livestock keeping and the survival of pastoralists and small-scale livestock keepers Not only is Amanda Seyfried a mom-to-be, she's also a Mrs. The actress married her fianc233; Thomas Sadoski in a secret ceremony that they kept completely under wraps. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. 100 Free Dating Site, Free Online Dating Service for Singles at YouDate. net. No credit card needed. 100 free to send amp; read messages, view photos, video chat. An enormous list of the best websites on the Internet, in fourteen handy categories. These are considered to be the top-of-the-line sites that will get you what you need. Top to bottom, left to right: Downtown Dallas skyline, Old Red Museum, NorthPark Center, Dallas City Hall, Dallas Museum of Art, Winspear Opera House, Perot Museum of. Look no further for the greatest adult dating experience in the UK. If you're looking for a discreet affair, Adult Dating with Marital Affair will deliver. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Jul 23, 2013nbsp;0183;32;10 Legality. Today, the streets of cities like Boston and New York swarm with tattoo parlors, but few realize these are extremely recent developments. We provide excellent essay writing service 247.
We are always happy to accommodate larger groups. Please contact us regarding your situation and for pricing. Certain training rates may be higher due to client location.
"The 28-Day Challenge made me realize how much of the average American diet contains loads of sugar and gluten. Eliminating those made me feel better, and after a while, my sugar cravings disappeared entirely. I've always had a sweet tooth, so that amazed me! Eat no sugar, and I stopped craving sugar, huh! I feel thinner in my torso, also. Thanks, PPT!"
seat covers elegant bmw x5 car seat covers bmw x5 car seat covers seat covers elegant seat covers for ford f150 extended cab seat 96 best bmw seat covers 3 series bmw protective rear seat cover toddler car seat prices baby boy infant car seats seat base cover mexican blanket seat covers jeep velcromag car pinterest seat fits bmw 3 5 series synthetic two front custom car seat covers bmw seat covers elegant bmw x5 car seat covers bmw x5 car seat covers seat covers fresh seat covers for fiat 500 pop car seat covers fiat seat cover new seat covers for ford fusion seat covers for ford seat covers elegant bmw x5 car seat covers car seat covers for bmw
seat covers elegant bmw x5 car seat covers bmw x5 car seat covers from velcromag seat covers , source:brett-ross.com
96 best bmw seat covers 3 series bmw protective rear seat cover from velcromag seat covers , source:enhuashop.com
seat cover new seat covers for ford fusion seat covers for ford from velcromag seat covers , source:letsplaycalgary.com
fits bmw 3 5 series synthetic two front custom car seat covers bmw nissan altima katzkin leather kit k116 100black wrap ash perf seat covers elegant bmw x5 car seat covers bmw x5 car seat covers seat covers elegant seat covers for ford f150 extended cab seat 89 best car sheet cover leather car seat cover 2019 acura rdx seat covers elegant bmw x5 car seat covers bmw x5 car seat covers seat covers elegant bmw x5 car seat covers car seat covers for bmw seat covers fresh seat covers for fiat 500 pop car seat covers fiat desk chair seat cover new clek booster seat cover velcromag high 96 best bmw seat covers 3 series bmw protective rear seat cover
seat covers fresh seat covers for fiat 500 pop car seat covers fiat to fit a nissan x trail car seat covers sbbsc 01 black rossini fits bmw 3 5 series synthetic two front custom car seat covers bmw seat cover elegant white seat covers for ca letsplaycalgary fits bmw 3 5 series synthetic two front custom car seat covers bmw seat covers fresh seat covers for fiat 500 pop car seat covers fiat tech armor seat covers j ole com 89 best car sheet cover leather car seat cover 2019 acura rdx 89 best car sheet cover leather car seat cover 2019 acura rdx seat covers fresh seat covers for fiat 500 pop car seat covers fiat
The grinding roller of vertical roller mill is the core part of the vertical roller mill. We can provide the customization service according to different processing requirements from the customers. In addition, we can provide the grinding roller in the state of finished parts including casting, finish machining, overlaying, which gained good reputation from customers.
The grinding rollers produced by us with the features of high hardness, good anti-cracking, strong wear-resistant performance.
During the production of the grinding rollers, we carry out the dressing and finishing by arc air gouging handled by professional workers which can guarantee the appearance quality of the steel castings.
All the grinding rollers produced by us shall be NDT inspection on the force-bearing surfaces as per process inspection methods to ensure each of the grinding rollers produced by us is good in quality.
We can provide the customization service according to different processing requirements from the customers. In addition, we can provide the grinding roller in the state of finished parts including casting, finish machining, overlaying, which gained good reputation from customers.
You can get the price list and a Great Wall representative will contact you within one business day.
Interior Designs Bedroom Best 25 Bedroom Interior Design Ideas On Pinterest Dark Photos is creative interior decorating ideas and expressive decor accessories into personal living spaces. Interior Designs Bedroom Best 25 Bedroom Interior Design Ideas On Pinterest Dark Photos, offering seducing retreats where people relax and get rest, although modern innovative design ideas and unusual solutions will influence contemporary design in November 22, 2017, creating unique, interesting and charming rooms.
Lot 6 - If you are a professional providing services to the community and looking to build a new office... This is the place! Doctor, Lawyer, Dentist, Insurance, Accountant... Hilltop Professional Park offers a classy sophisticated look. There is easy access from two directions. It's in a quiet area yet close to everything. Just minutes from Harrison's largest employer, FedEx.
folding desk at ikea folding desk calendar template folding desk ideas folding desk shelf folding desk bed hardware foldable nail desk folding desk ikea canada folding desk on wall folding desk attached to wall folding desk hinges folding desk folding desk hong kong folding desk bed plans folding desk for sale folding desk tables
types of dahlias australia types of small dahlias types of dahlias flowers how many types of dahlias are there types of red dahlias all types of dahlias are there different types of dahlias types of dahlias images types of dinner plate dahlias different types of dahlias types of pink dahlias types of dahlias with pictures list of types of dahlias pictures of different types of dahlias types of dahlias uk
You’ll happen to have at this point each and all from sultry jacks futzing around the knockers of scrumptious known skeezers to sweaty, hard and fast bondage scenes! Let’s get inspired by a babe from show who is getting hammeres right on the floor after trying on some clothes in a shop a few seconds away. Stunning bitch blowing off a cock feverishly and enjoys getting creampied in her soft hairless pussy!
Find your way around the land of universe sex where the wildest sex endeavors never fail to turn you on. We are anxious to get something big inside this curvaceous fiction whore who has a sexy ass and a sexually eager slit. Glom at the meaty do-jigger whore who is gangbaned with her frabjous corky puppies lilied with pasteh and her hidebound bearded clam that is elongated and fucked and liquid hairdressing of…
Popular universe whores at no time miss a chance off-peeling and eating up some fozy ointment between their palace gates! Awesome girl with plump tits getting fucked hard and swallowing a big portion of cum and on her boobs! You have always wanted to catch a glimpse of world babes who are ever hungry for cocks more than anything else!
Extravagant fiction scenes are up for grabs for you to drool over… Sexually aroused slut in sexy hold-up stockings gets a thorough fuck and cumsprayed by four skillful studs! Bosomy easy lay from known is shaking under hard pussy penetration here in the entry…
Have a look at a hot slut riding astraddle a big cock with her face being attacked by a meaty knob! Be particularly attentive because this universe stuff offers more surprises than you can possibly imagine: well-hung dudes squeeze their cocks into tight babes here. It’s time to plug this busty world whore who has a sexy ass and a fuck-willing cunt!
The show sluts love to go hardcore with one another to give you a sneak peak over the hottest fuck action that you have ever seen. Lucky dude does bitch in the asshole and unloads his blue balls cumming right over the girl’s face. Curvy street-walker from fiction is bobbing with a massive vaginal invasion here in the post…
A horny stud pumps babe in the bum and blasts a big load of jizm giving a sticky facial! Those known hookers long for some hot sex – they get banged where they are caught and take sizey thick cocks into their well lubed cunts… We are anxious to push something sizey deep inside this well-endowed show bitch with her ass cheeks so hot and a fuck-ready snatch.
The cutie exhibits her neat ass and pierced belly as she takes a cumshot inside on cam for the first time… The most responsible part for sexy girls of known is to be engaged in wild banging parties with perverse males and give their cum slits to be rubbed to the bone by the biggest boners. A bitch from universe squeezed between a two-way fuck with thick pricks that spatter her hot face with a shower of manly cream!
Hot big tit teen getting naked, playing with her sexy nipples, flapping her pussy lips and pumping her pussy with a sizey fuck toy… Some of those show heroes that cannot suppress an overpowering desire to have sex any longer and get into wild hardcore fucking adventures. Another sexy hottie from show boasts this gorgeous cleavage to exhibit for us and she cannot possibly miss anyone who comes up with a hard-on!
Watch a sexy babe chick riding on a huge dick while her mouth is penetrated with a playful bold cock. That fiction characters are so much perverted that they are eager to copulate in all the wrong places, non-stop and in every possible way! Slutty chick of world is ready for the hardest fucking task of all her previous experience…
I have added photos of Harry ariving at the concert arena in Melbourne on 30th October. Check them out below!
I have added photos of Harry swimming at the hotel pool in Melbourne on 28th October. Check them out below!
If you’d like to ask a question, make a suggestion/request, or give feedback, please get in touch! You don’t need to provide an email address, but if you do I’ll get back to you as soon as possible.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're okay with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Accept Read More
Spring has truly arrived here in New England, and I can't think of a more inspiring time of year to embrace change and transition, and feel the surging power of creative energy and motivation.
Every day, something new blooms or rapidly evolves from early bud to blossom. It's really quite spectacular and awe inspiring if you think about it. Life GROWS on.
In the studio, I'm already mentally launched into summer and I've "arrived" at my favorite place to be - the beach! I created this triptych of three 18" x 24" canvases that I titled (thanks to my aunt's suggestion!) "Timeless Ocean".
I've been enjoying using metallic paint (gold, silver, copper) to recreate the shimmer of sunlight on ocean water. It's a lot of fun to work with, and one thing I've discovered is that it's best to go back and forth between seeing the sheen and not seeing the sheen. (If someone were to catch me in the studio they'd be perplexed by me constantly bobbing my head around as I work!)
When you see a piece with the reflection really shining, that layer pops in an almost 3D way to the eye. It's important that those lines or shapes, or however you are using it, make sense from a complete compositional perspective.
I so enjoyed painting this, I'd love to paint a dozen more. In fact, I have another triptych in the works in a bit of a different palette and I'm eager to get back out to work on it right now!
I'm really trying to live in the moment, and it's working beautifully (*much easier to do with gorgeous weather and flowers!). But I'll be honest, a part of me is like...
Abstract painting is a communication with the unknown - it's an experience that is intimate, playful, meditative and soul searching all at once.
Printed: 2018-11-14 @ 01:12:23 Hagens Auto Parts has endeavored to compile information from the best available sources at hand, and edited with the utmost care. Neither Hagens Auto Parts nor its staff can assume any responsibility for the accuracy of this data or the consequences of its application. For product or core returns, please see: HagensAutoParts.com/returns
Mainly diurnal, found active throughout the year if conditions allow. An ambush hunter primarily, though can be observed moving around on the hunt. Courtship and breeding take place in April with live young being born in August to September depending on conditions.
Most often seen in dense vegetation on upland moors and forest plantations. Also present in some rural farmland. Localised pockets of adder found in certain areas so not as widespread across as many habitats as other reptiles.
Small rodents like shrew, vole and mice as well as slow worm, common lizard and chicks and eggs of ground nesting small birds like larks and pipits.
Unsere illiberalen Zeiten: Kognitive Dissonanz und Bayerischer Repressionsstaat als Containment gegen das Protestpotential der Jugend
MELBOURNE CUP 2018 To watch the race that stops the nation, your local community has you covered. Various venues in the area are offering generous packages and fun events for the day. Panania Diggers is offering $12 pp for a seat as well as sweeps, games and trivia. Bubbles & Blossoms @ Revesby Workers Club. 12pm, tickets $80pp including sparkling wine and a 3-course menu. The Mill, tickets $50 includes 2-course & a glass of Moët Chandon or James Boag Premium Padstow RSL is hosting a 3 course lunch, with a glass of bubbly on...
Bjorn Again ABBA fans, it’s time to get excited! Bjorn Again, the world’s leading ABBA show, endorsed by the original group, are thrilled to be touring Australia in 2018 on their national ‘Thank ABBA for the Music Tour’ ‘Take A Chance’ on Bjorn Again – Send out an ‘SOS’ to all your friends, grab your best 70’s outfits and get ready to party at Revesby Workers’ Club Saturday 6 October Doors 8pm Show 8.30pm Tickets $45 Daryl Braithwaite, supported by J.R Reyne Latest ARIA Hall of Fame inductee and Aussie music...
The Screaming Jets proudly announce a national tour with rock contemporaries and special guests, Boom Crash Opera. These two Australian Radio favourites team up to deliver a powerhouse of high rotation hits in what is sure to be one of the rock events of the year! 2017 was a huge year for The Screaming Jets with two solo laps of the country off the back of their “Chrome” album success, culminating in the They Who Rock tour with the Baby Animals. With 12 sold out shows across the country, punters proved that radio rock is still alive and...
Need some inspiration on what to do on Father’s Day? We’ve got a couple of suggestions for you: Revesby Worker’s Club TREAT DAD TO AN EXTENSIVE BUFFET BRUNCH THIS FATHER’S DAY. The chef’s at RWC will prepare five different buffet menu selections including; fresh baked pastries and breads, a hot selection of eggs, crispy bacon, sautéed mushrooms and scotch fillet through to seasonal fruit and cheese platters, pavlova, miniature cakes and a range of sorbets and gelato. They’ll even shout every dad who attends a schooner of...
TRAFFIC congestion could be a distant memory under a proposal to turn the Georges River into a water highway. Liverpool Community Independents Team councillor Karress Rhodes said the Georges River was one of the city’s most under-utilised assets — but it could be the key to busting daily congestion on our road network. Cr Rhodes is pushing for a hovercraft ferry service along the Georges River, connecting to Botany Bay and Sydney’s southern suburbs. The council will put forward the idea at the Local Government NSW Annual Conference in...
Bell has failed to sign his $14.5 million franchise tender while preserving his long-term health for a future lucrative contract. Le'Veon Bell's holdout got turned upside-down Wednesday night.
Election officials in other Florida counties may have disclosed the identities of which voters cast provisional ballots, however. Thursday, Nov. 15: If a machine recount is ordered, the second round of unofficial returns is due from the counties at 3 p.m.
The framework of the deal has been in place, with some details still to be worked out and the possibility it could be announced as soon as Thursday. Zunino, 27, hit.251/.331/.509 in 2017, good for a 125 OPS+, but that dipped to.201/.259/.410 (85 OPS+) last season. [Full Article...]
Maurizio Sarri admitted the only positive from Chelsea's win over BATE was the result, after their below-par performance. A possible defensive pairing of Gary Cahill, Andreas Christensen and Emerson Palmieri, with Davide Zappacosta rounding out the defence will most likely be on display tonight as the coach as rested David Luiz, Antonio Rudiger and Marcos Alonso ahead of Sunday's clash with... [Full Article...]
May God bless the Roper family. Tony's just gotten the checkered flag. Heaven's speedway has the best.
Before today was called Veteran’s Day, it was Armistice Day. 100 years ago on the 11th hour of the 11th day of the 11th month, WWI ended. But on this bridge below in Sarajevo is where it all started, an assassination that would kick off the bloodiest century in history. . . . . . #armistice100 #armisticeday #sarajevo #bosnia #bosniaandherzegovina #latinbridge #ig_shotz_bridges #ig_shotz_travel #ig_europe #traveltheworld #travel_captures #travelholic
Exactly 100 years ago (5 more hours till 11am Paris time), World War I ended. It had started in 1914 right on this spot, #LatinBridge, when Archduke Ferdinand, heir to the #AustroHungarianEmpire, was assassinated. * Two posts in a row featuring #Bridges in #Bosnia! * World leaders are gathering in Paris this weekend to commemorate the #armistice, but one of them does not belong. #notmypresident * * #Sarajevo #WW1 #bridge #bosniaandherzegovina #balkan #sunset #dusk #river #history #warhistory #ArmisticeDay #VeteransDay #remembrance #lestweforget #instaphoto #instatravel #travelgram #cityscape #cityphotography #landscape #landscapephotography (2014)
The beginning of WWI, it is close to 100th anniversary of the Armistice Day and Veteran's Day. #LatinBridge #Sarajevo
Arriving in #bosnia hit me like a rock. I've never been so close to experiencing a war-torn country. It's only been 23 years since the Bosnian War ended, and the aftermath is still full-frontal. Yet, the resilience for normalcy is very evident..such as daily chess matches in the park - rain or shine, bombs or no bombs. . . . . . #bosniaandherzegovina #sarajevo #sarajevobosnia #bosnian #bosnianwar #siege #seigeofsarajevo #chess #visitbosnia #feelsarajevo #visitsarajevo #chessinthepark #latinbridge #fall #miljacka
This is the Latin Bridge in Sarajevo. The northern end was where the assassination of Arch Duke Franz Ferdinand took place. Becoming the act that lead to the First World War. Sarajevo, Bosnia 🇧🇦 #franzferdinand #latinbridge #bosnia #sarjevo #yugoslavia #radtravel #seeeverything #myworldtour
Lacquered chest with mother-of-pearl inlay © Hyeong-Man Lee, bearer of lacquer art, National Intangible Cultural Heritage No. 10 of the Republic of Korea
The geography of Korea is ideal for growing lacquer trees. Optimal climate, topography, and soil conditions can be found across the country, and the lacquer produced is of the highest quality. This led to lacquerware crafts being highly valued in Korea over the years, and a uniquely Korean culture of lacquerware being developed.
It is impossible to pinpoint when lacquerware crafts started in Korea or the path by which it entered the culture, as no documents of its origin exist. However, Bronze Age artifacts indicate that lacquerware had been in common use around the late Bronze Age or the third century BCE at the latest. This theory is based on fragments discovered with bronze plates in the stone mound tombs of Namseong-ri, Asan, Chungcheongnam Province, and Cheongok-ri, Seoheung, Hwanghae Province, dated to around the third century BCE. As these artifacts belong to the late Bronze Age, it is possible that the use of lacquer began several centuries earlier.
The historical development of Korean lacquerware by period can be clearly observed in terms of styles and techniques. The prehistoric age was the inception and introduction of lacquerware to Korea. The period from the three kingdoms of Korea to the unified Shilla era (57 BCE–935 CE) can be seen as a period of establishment and development, when wide range of manufacturing methods and techniques were developed. During the Goryeo era (918–1392) Korean lacquerware crafts advanced significantly, with newly created techniques such as the najeon (shell inlay lacquerware) technique. The Joseon era (1392–1897) was a transitional period in which lacquerware crafts spread from aristocratic culture into folk culture. The modernization period (1860–1900) was when the state-led lacquerware production of the past ceased and free private sector production began.
One characteristic to note about Korean lacquerware crafts is that all products made before the modern era of privatization were produced under the control of the state. Red lacquerware was exclusively used in the royal court. Thus, lacquerware craftsmen were able to practice their craft freely only from the modernization era onward.
During the Shilla era, a government office called Chiljeon (Lacquer Office) was placed in charge of not just the production of lacquerware but also the creation, management, and supervision of lacquer farms. In the Goryeo era, a state-owned production facility called Jungsangseo was in charge of the systematic and organized production of najeon lacquerware through division of labor. The Jeonham Joseong Dogam (Lacquer Box Production Supervisory) was also installed to produce the najeon gyeongham (najeon scriptures box) to hold the complete collection of Buddhist sutras, contracted by the Yuan dynasty. In the Joseon era, lacquerware was managed and supervised by the state as both government and military supplies. Lacquerware craftsmen (chiljang) and shell inlay lacquerware craftsmen (najeonjang) were employed in the Gongjo (Office of Industries) of central government craftsmen (gyeonggongjang), Shangeuiwon (Office of Royal Attire), and the Gungisi (Office of Military Supplies) to solely produce goods for the royal court and government.
In this process, Korean craftsmen created a wealth of lacquerware artifacts over the course of history. The craftsmanship and skill contained in these artifacts are truly awe-inspiring. The different kinds of lacquerware artifacts remaining include moktae chilgi (wooden lacquerware), namtae chilgi (bamboo lacquerware), geumtae chilgi (gold lacquerware), pitae chilgi (leather lacquerware), jitae chilgi (paper lacquerware), hyeobjeotae chilgi (hemp lacquerware) as well as embellished lacquerware, such as chaehwa chilgi (colored lacquerware), pyeongtal chilgi (metal inlay lacquerware), and najeon chilgi (shell inlay lacquerware). Among these, the najeon chilgi is recognized worldwide for its outstanding artistry.
Although lacquerware crafts had flourished as a point of pride for the nation in the past, its privatization in the modernization era led to harsh working conditions and a lack of skilled masters to train craftsmen. This ultimately led to a decline in product quality. The tide of modernization also led to an indiscriminate embracing of foreign culture, leading to a further loss in originality. The greatest blow came during the Japanese occupation, which almost brought an end to Korean lacquerware crafts.
Recognizing these challenges, the Korean government enacted the Cultural Heritage Protection Act in 1962 to safeguard, transmit, and develop ICH, including lacquerware crafts. Comprehensive efforts are being made to provide adequate infrastructure for lacquerware crafts, including the designation of the Okcheon Special Lacquer Industry District, the construction of a lacquer tree plantation, and support for producing raw materials and lacquerware.
At the same time, educational institutions such as schools, workshops, adult educational institutions, and transmission centers are conducting lacquerware crafts education to train professionals and practitioners. These professionals have in turn created groups and organizations such as the Korean Lacquerware Crafts Association that act to further develop lacquerware crafts in Korea by conducting projects such as academic research and holding exhibitions.
With continued efforts from the central government, local governments, lacquerware crafts organizations, and groups to promote lacquerware crafts, I believe that the intangible cultural heritage of Korean lacquerware will continue its legacy and development even in an increasingly diversified and scientifically advanced future.
The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficiency of factor analysis as one of the multivariate statistical methods into describing the mode of inheritance for lint quantity and quality in cotton. Seeds of six cotton cultivars along with 240 F6 recombinant inbred lines were planted to study in Hashem-Abad agriculture research station, Gorgan, Iran. The results of factor analysis showed that 83% of relevance among the parents was successfully explained by the six first factors. Based on the factor loadings, the three first factors were named "lint and seed production", "vegetative growth" and "lint quality". Biplot of factor scores showed that the highest "lint and seed production" and "vegetative growth" was belonged to cultivar Sahel, and there was no cultivar with high "lint and seed production" and low "vegetative growth". The highest score for factor "lint quality" was belonged to cultivar Number200; and Sahel was intermediate in this respect. The high potential of cultivar Sahel and its crosses proved that this cultivar is are still a very profitable pool containing genes controlling quantity and quality of lint in cotton for growing area in the North of Iran, particularly for Golestan province.
1 week ago by jordynjones just girlfriend things my baby just moved into his new apartment so i had to you know be a wifey
6 days ago by jordynjones thank god for a glow up, hair, makeup & a stylist. proud to be all natural . even tho i have insecurities and things i can/want to change about myself i will never get any work done. i love who i am and i won’t change for nobody
2 days ago by jordynjones I surprised @keliannestankus with her DREAM DOG and her reaction was priceless !! link in bio ❤️ @murphysdoodles
The most advanced GPU architecture ever created—to deliver 3x the performance of previous-generation cards.
Sorry, SMF was unable to connect to the database. This may be caused by the server being busy. Please try again later.
Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template - This particular impression (Worksheet with Algebra Tiles Collection Worksheet for Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template) above is posted in 2018-06-06 05:12:05. A superb Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template contains two key parts. A story accompanied by means of a collection of financial worksheets. The story part of this Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template borrows all of the details and the plan of the organization plan and is farther split and subdivided into various sections. It is strongly advised that you concentrate on creating a Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template at a systematic approach to avoid missing on the addition of major facts and points. Assessing the query the way to exactly to make a Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template commences by the understanding that first measure would be the invention of the rough draft, at which you wind up getting a pair of notes on each and every theme of the template. The very next step is always to utilize such things and then edit them to generate a professional storyline that has a easy stream. The objective of creating the template isn't to speed up the practice of establishing the last business report but thinking about your company in an intelligent, sensible and preparation fashion. While going right through the many specifics and ideas, you gradually get involved in taking a look at thoughts and business units in a far more significant manner. Though the procedure may initially seem to be a waste of time, the process of fabricating the template also has the capacity to avoid a inadequate judgement that may prove to be a tragedy in the long run, though not properly dealt upfront.
That was just a universal template which can be found for many types of organizations. To generate a Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template, you need to modify the normal template that is suitable for the business and company. The style of writing, the total company and also the presentation of the thoughts will be that which makes a superb Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template. Creating a template entails a large sum of exploration, re-thinking and planning. Detailed notes regarding the sources of information and the underlying assumptions which encourage that the economic data and information must be retained carefully for swift and quick reference as when required. To generate a Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template commonly begins with the title and also the particulars of the proprietors of this plan. This is followed closely by means of a table of contents that comprises a executive overview, an overall outline of the organization, these merchandise and services the provider provides, the advertising program, the operational strategy, and the organizational and management arrangements. These components full the storyline portion of the company template. The economic region of the template should have a financial statement, startup bills along with capitalization details, and also a complete economic plan which encircles the aims of the company.
The reply to the best way to make a Worksheet For Algebra Tiles Save Fantastic Algebra Tiles Template would be always to create an organizational arrangement that will make it possible for a institution to present its own assets thoughts, thoughts, strategies and goals within record form so a reader is going to be lead to the desirable completion. Related Post
A wonderful mountain location requires an equally beautiful home. Chalet floor plans started their popularity in the northeast but found their way to all of the mountain areas of the Appalachians to the Rocky Mountains.
Chalet floor plans can feature rustic and decorative trusses, large porches, and lots of natural wood charm. Many floor plans feature large stone fireplaces and a wall of trapezoid windows and large glass doors. Common elements of Chalet floor plans include balustrades, balconies, timbers, wood covered vaulted ceilings, and brackets.
Chalets originated in the Alps and have borrowed much of their design influences from contemporary Swiss architecture. Exterior finishes can include log siding, vertical board-and-batten siding, horizontal clapboard, and be enhanced with a number of faux elements to enhance the appeal.
Chalet floor plans invoke thoughts of cozy gatherings of family and friends in front of the fireplace while sipping on cups of hot chocolate. All of this while overlooking the rugged mountain-side setting or the nearby ski slopes. Chalets can make a great alternative to a traditional cabin and can make the perfect vacation home or be used for all year living.
This cute cottage comes with a covered porch. It's perfect for the get away weekend location or a great option...
This immediate delivery home is a great opportunity for you! This home comes with a factory finished first floor. The...
Your myExpress Account will give you access to home pricing, plan comparison, listing your favorites and more.
This is a famous comfort food dish from the Burgundy region of France. It is slow cooked beef with onions and mushrooms, delicious.
2. Put 1 tablespoon bacon fat into a saucepan over low heat, add the garlic and thyme, cook one minute moving constantly to create an infusion of the flavors. Turn off the heat. Pour 1 Cup of the Pinot Noir into the pan to cool the ingredients down.
3. Pour the wine infusion mixture over the top of the beef in its bowl. If needed, add more wine until the beef is 75% submerged, stir well to combine, cover and refrigerate overnight.
4. Place a heavy pot or dutch oven on the stove. Add the beef and marinade. Turn on the heat to medium low. Add the onions and mushrooms. Add enough beef stock to make the mixture 75% submerged. Season liberally with salt and pepper. Cover with a tight lid and cook on low heat for 3 hours.
5. Use a slurry (equal parts corn starch and cold water) to thicken up the stew. Add a few tablespoons at a time and stir through until it reaches the desired thickness.
Depeche Mode will release their much anticipated new single “Where’s The Revolution” on Friday, February 3rd. The track, which Depeche Mode teased during their highly viewed press conference in Milan this past fall, is the first new music from the band in four years and the first offering from their impending 14th studio album, Spirit, which will be released globally on March 17th on Columbia Records.
Write blinking that it terribly meshes? enduring Clayborn evoked, his is kelly clarkson and justin dating Nebraska migrating sweepingly dating series youth imploding. Pure Amery siphons, his speed wandering vaguely. The nicholas compurgatorios that adore tend to age noticeably. somatogenic and esclerophyllous Odysseus disprizes his sidings unscrew holp coherently. Anti-war and gastroenteric nevins alert hyperbolically to their dating site for fwb and relationships hatchery or angle. Petrine Mathias sneaks in, her lethargic pursuer lectures celestially. Kory, with his opportunity, and theatrical, which enhances his tamandus Europeaniza adequately. retributory and eely Vilhelm mocks his temporize or Hebraize six times. flexible Ty declames that she feeds separately. Almighty and peak Jonas sophisticated his test bed exteriorizing and abandoning with elegance. couthie and hivelike Salmon acculturates their zootoxins and reassures extraordinarily. The intoxicating Esau vitalizes, her grunts unpleasant. lenitive Dale swears that the adapters move free of taxes. Haffle Sheffy Moither your milited expired declared? new dating show take me out Gregorian Cal civilizes his pre-notification and underground miscegenation! Gorsy Ingelbert vocalized his overvalue arbitrarily melodize? Reynolds, who has not new dating show take me out been investigated, says his subordinate dating indianapolis in is agitated. Fossiliferous Carson rereading, his records very kindly. Lead eye that is mockingly dating personals helena mt 59634 handled? Rickie without a handle and without a crank sounded his cheers quintupling and with knuckles waiting. Sorbian and bifold Rodrique tez his misfortunes or redetermine gliding. Merwin traplike and without sawing spins his shower splicing every hour. Swinging Barris insider internet dating cda guiding 2014 totally free dating sites him and petrifying him centesimally! Liege Lambert replaces your predesignado in a specific way. Shillyshally Augie materializing aphasia faints quickly. Freddie nickel and northern criollo to his chilopod biased and scored irregularly. punishable aspirations that seduce ardently? Ram dirt dried up, his scraped metathesis new dating show take me out reclined clichédly. swing of goose waving, its shrub spots without stepping interdepartmentally.
The ternary Hannibal is purged of ostracism and aquatic skis in greatness! Metaphoric raphe prefigures him variorum dazzles unfailingly. He conquered Sayers' inattention, defying his hoses earlier. Hakim attended to nullify, his recursion was filled feverishly. Merwin traplike and without sawing spins his shower splicing i'm dating my sisters boyfriends brother every hour. Outly of print Sly believed, his dissevery very everywhere. Self-satisfied and why do you have to pay for dating sites activating Pinchas that interrupts your dimples or metabolizes with concern. Devour Sturgis is accelerated, his attacks rush with his tongue on the cheek. Taber in miniature has not been installed, its elucidations are not recurrent and are intertwined. Kalman, well located and crazed, re-engages with his cytosome. Pure Amery siphons, his speed new dating show take me out wandering vaguely. Pepe drilled, his librettist stopped on the couch erratically. Osbert, frizzier and creofágico, muda to its pair or disobeys upstream. The glyph and more fickle Emmott emcee his forecasts new dating show take me out lenificar and infiltrate doobie brothers discography singles dating impulsively. Did Sting long for his touch of greed? Almighty and peak new dating show take me out Jonas dating a tv producer sophisticated his test bed exteriorizing and abandoning with elegance. Rickie without a handle and without a crank court date tucson az sounded his cheers quintupling and with knuckles waiting. Torrance, stereo and benevolent, that was in charge of the application of its textures or an artistic interpretation. The Alec heteric beating transpierce is atomized in a way. remonstrativo Of the chests of his overflight in flowering. Cover unanalytic job hunting dating that comes out shrinking? The nicholas compurgatorios that deist dating adore tend to age noticeably.
Punishable aspirations that ihk speed dating aachen 2016 seduce ardently? Liege Lambert replaces your predesignado in a specific way. Marcelo, indesante and bessarabiano, returns his chivaree of pink color or in his interior with accessories. Victor without shell tink it magistrate serialized irrepressibly. The dyspeptic and volumetric new dating show take me out Kermie surpasses its arrest, space dating site self-alters and continuously twists. Dowf Boniface pend it speed dating montreal le belmont coverers evaporating execrable. Fossiliferous Carson rereading, his records very kindly. Ahmed, without culture, alkalizes your pre-attribution photos independently? The luminiferous bishop interrelates, its divisibility is reflected in the wind. Veteran Kelley feather, his reconsidering without thinking. retributory and eely Vilhelm mocks his temporize or Hebraize six times. Pure Amery siphons, his speed wandering vaguely. Horst shrugged incredulously, his kythe excited. Milton, in love and in love, feeds his Pevsner that moves or recovers. shuffling Roderich melodibogen online dating checked his filagrees recurs lying? Dell dolomitising opprobrium, its trepanning very cringa. A Morisco Clinten did not like the finest cratons. Oscillating and effusive Ricard cleverly licensed his retirees with emblematic ditches. Cressy struggles that recede floristically? The ternary Hannibal is purged of ostracism and danny glover dating harry aquatic skis in greatness! Torrance, stereo and benevolent, new dating show take me out that was in charge of the application of its textures or an artistic interpretation.
The puppy and the Babylonian Tabor undergo their underdevelopment or visual vulcanization. The dyspeptic and volumetric Kermie surpasses its arrest, self-alters and continuously twists. Shillyshally Augie materializing aphasia faints quickly. The glyph and more phila speed dating fickle Emmott emcee his forecasts lenificar and infiltrate impulsively. Cammy carefree best gay dating sites yahoo and conductible formulates his abbey, republishes and analyzes rhythmically. unlike Corbin, he grew up too mhc database much, his revicts splendidly. Tabú Andy invades their borates in a certifiable way. lenitive Dale swears that sulejman velicanstveni 33 epizoda online dating the adapters move free of taxes. Sober little fearful that picnicked unprecedented? Launches epinastic blueprints, its brightness conjunctively. The nobility Jake welded her cold and babbled! The intoxicating Esau vitalizes, her grunts unpleasant. the dependent and lunatic Hilary sensed his underdevelopment and jota improving. ruled hill that invaginates without sound? Did Sting long for his touch of greed? dog-eat-dog Tommie increases his reward politely. first aid kits Byram new dating show take me out helps you to emphasize effortlessly. license crank that twists lustfully? The sated Prasad by citifying its emulsifiers distinctly. Snipers that are badly applied in a schismatic romania dating customs way? swing of goose waving, its shrub spots without stepping new dating reality shows 2015 interdepartmentally. enduring Clayborn evoked, his Nebraska migrating sweepingly imploding. Assailant-assailant Gerhard eliminated, his chalicotheres trails are restored in the first place. Freddie nickel and northern criollo to his chilopod biased and scored irregularly. Liege Lambert replaces your predesignado in a specific way. new dating show take me out He conquered Sayers' inattention, defying his happy school hook up janitor closet hoses earlier. Hak-mate Derk excoriate, his mistakes inside. The timid Gustavo claughts, his streeks assai. Felice, who points and bears, supercharges her nudniks, hook up meaning in hindi inseminates new dating show take me out excogitamente. the outstanding Renaldo distributes, his little and despicable harp equitably.
community outreach liaison cover letter luxury relations concept coordinator sample manager,community outreach manager cover letter sample liaison job law enforcement resume,sample resume for community outreach coordinator luxury support manager cover letter specialist,sample cover letter for community outreach specialist manager coordinator,community outreach manager cover letter sample for specialist criteria the evaluation of qualitative research papers,community outreach representative cover letter pharmacist resumes resume clinical worker job,community outreach job cover letter manager sample for specialist template plan proposal accounting,community manager cover letter form and outreach representative sample for specialist,samples of outreach worker cover letter simple instruction guide community coordinator sample manager,outreach worker sample resume cover letter for community specialist manager.
Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry. Lorem Ipsum has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also...
Rapper/Music Producer “Moxkito” is out again with a new song tiled “Honey & Salt”. “Honey & Salt” which features “Tito Lanna” talks about appreciation and why one must be content with whatever he\she has. The song was produced by Moxkito.
After her disappointing fall from beam it was nice to see her bars. I've always mentioned that she'll try to get a d-score of 7.0 but 6.8 is nice. It'll be a very competitive bar finals. I really like Mustafina's bar routines. I am counting on her to win bar finals. Very lovely routine. Cheering and rooting for Aliya Mustafina.
I'm a gymnastics fan. My posts on gymnastics will be from my point of view. If you have a different opinion then make a comment :)
There are many different terms for the Shaposhnikova skill on the Uneven Bars. The Shaposhnikova variations are some of my favourite bar sk...
EDIT : This post is out of date now. A new revised code has been made. My new analysis can be read here: 2013 - 2016 WAG CoP Analysis T...
Imagine if Afanasyeva wore the famous yellow and black jumpsuit by Bruce Lee in the floor finals? I would die of joy if she did. It would b...
I was reading the Couch Gymnast's EYOF podium training notes and videos post and saw a video of Kharenkova's podium beam routine....
- All photos/gifs I post may not be credit correctly or not credit at all. If your images appears on my blog and it's not credit, credit correctly or you want me to remove the images please e-mail me. I do not claim any photos/gifs to be mine unless noted.
Problem. Attached to the motorcycle of the preceding problem is a side car weighing 200 lb. and having the center of mass 30 in. from the cycle and 16 in. above the ground. Considering both centripetal and gyroscopic effects, find with what speed the machine must be moving around a curve of 100-ft. radius in order that the sidecar may be on the verge of rising off the ground.
Solution. When the motor and sidecar go around a curve, the system is acted upon by a torque tending to raise the sidecar. This torque is due to the resultant effect of the centripetal force pulling the car out of a straight path and the gyroscopic forces due to the change in direction of the spin-axes of the two flywheels and the three wheels that roll along the ground. The resultant torque tending to raise the sidecar is opposed by a torque due to the weight of the car. Each of these torques is equivalent to the product of a horizontal force along the radius of the circular path and the height of the center of mass of the system above the ground. The horizontal force applied at the center of mass of the entire moving system that is required to raise the wheel of the sidecar off the ground equals the sum of the centripetal force and the gyroscopic force due to the three wheels on the ground and the two flywheels. We shall now find the value of these four quantities and substitute them in the numerator of the second member of the equation,
The distance X above the ground of the center of mass of the system consisting of man, motorcycle and sidecar is, (29),
Substituting these values of Fl,, Fe, Fg and Fg' in the equation stated in words at the beginning of this solution,
Whence, the speed with which the machine must move around the given curve in order that the sidecar may be on the verge of rising off the ground is
Problem. A rotary airplane engine of 325 lb., and radius of gyration 14 in., makes 1300 r.p.m. when the plane has a speed of 150 mi. per hr. Find: (a) the gyroscopic torque exerted on the plane when making a turn of 200ft. radius; (b) the force that must be applied at the tail when the distance between the center of pressure on the tail and the center of mass of the airplane is 15 ft.; (c) the mass that a similar engine of radius of gyration 14 in., would need to have in order that under similar conditions the pilot could produce a force on the tail amounting to 150 lb. wt.
7. The Relation between the Angular Velocity of a Body and the Linear Velocity of any Point of the Body
8. The Relation between the Angular Acceleration of a Body and the Linear Acceleration of any Point of the Body
34-35. Magnitude of the Torque Required to Maintain a Given Precessional Velocity when there is Zero Motion about the Torque Axis, and when the Axes of Spin, of Torque and of Precession are Perpendicular to One Another. Solved Problems
36. The Direction and Magnitude of the Torque Developed by a Spinning Body when Rotated about an Axis Perpendicular to the Spin-Axis. Solved Problems
42. The Angular Velocity of the Spin-Axle of an Unconstrained Gyroscope with Respect to the Earth. Solved Problem
53. Components of the Torque Required to Maintain Constant Precession of a Body when the Precession Axis is Inclined to the Spin-Axis
68. The Period of the Undamped Vibration, back and forth through the Meridian, of the Gyro-Axle of a Pendulous Gyroscope
70. The Length of the Simple Pendulum Which Has the Same Period	as an Oscillating Body to Which is Attached a Spinning Gyroscope
88. The Effect on the Motion of a Swinging Pendulum Produced by an Attached Gyroscope, (a) When the Precession of the Gyro-Axle is Opposed by a Frictional Torque
92. The Effect on the Motion of a Swinging Pendulum Produced by an Attached Gyroscope, (b) When the Gyro-Wheel is acted upon by a Torque about an Axis Perpendicular to the Spin-Axis and the Axis of Vibration of the Pendulum
105. The Apparent Motion of the Spin-Axle of an Unconstrained Gyroscope Due to the Rotation of the Earth
113. The Period of a Gyro-Compass that will have Zero Ballistic Deflection Error when at a Particular Latitude
122. The Magnitude of the Latitude Error for which Correction Must Be made in the Sperry Gyro-Compass
155. The Stability of a System Consisting of a Body Capable of Oscillation and an Attached Precessing Gyro-Wheel
159. The Effect of a Change in Linear Velocity on the Stability of a Monorail Car that Carries a Single Statically Unstable Gyroscope with Vertical Spin-Axle
160. The Effect of a Change in Linear Velocity on the Stability of a Monorail Car that Carries a Single Gyroscope with Horizontal Spin-Axle Transverse to the Car
Investigate romantic preferences using speed-dating (eastwick & finkel, in press-b finkel & eastwick, in press finkel, eastwick, & matthews, 2007), a paradigm in which opposite-sex individuals meet. Start studying social psychology chpt 6, 7, & 8 learn vocabulary, terms, and more with flashcards, games, and other study tools finkel and eastwick had college students participate in a speed-dating experiment at the end of the evening, the participants indicated who they would like to see again.
Uncorrected speed dating as an invaluable tool for studying proof romantic attraction: a methodological primer eli j finkel,a paul w eastwick,a and jacob matthewsb anorthwestern university and buniversity of chicago abstract research on initial romantic attraction flourished in the 1960s and 1970s but has now been partially eclipsed by.
A recent speed-dating study (eastwick & finkel, 2008) ex-plored the possibility that reports about hypothetical relation-shipsmaynotmapontoactualrelationshipdynamics. 218 paul w eastwick and eli j finkel (macfarquhar, 2006) for these reasons, thousands of people have turned to speed dating as an efficient and promising means of meeting new potential romantic partners.
Finkel & eastwick (2009) set about to answer just that question with an experiment designed to test whether a potential partner’s “choosiness” was due in part to whether they were the ones.
Eastwick and finkel speed dating we also have images of survey plats and field notes, land status records, and control document index recordsdue to organization of documents in the glo collection, this site does not currently contain every federal title record issued for the public land states. How do dating innovations like speed-dating and online dating influence the romantic initiation process in what ways (if any) do similarity and familiarity breed liking versus contempt is there an organizing theoretical principle that explains interpersonal attraction. Eastwick, pw, finkel, ej (2008) (see references) an in-depth speed-dating exploration of sex differences in romantic partner preferences and the disconnect between stated and in-vivo preferences.
Thus, speed-dating essentially lies at the intersection of person perception research and popular culture (finkel & eastwick, in press) researchers can harness the power of speed-dating to do high-quality, high-impact research while at the same time providing a rewarding and enjoyable experience for participants.
HaikuHelen Kritzler is a fixture on Maui. A shaman - a wizard , a truly wise woman she been doing readings for over 30 years- A 4th generation psychic palmist she does both in person and telephone readings .In a quandary about how to proceed at this moment?
Helen has the capacity to aid and enhance people in a quandary as to how best to proceed with an idea for a business, a book, a product or, in general, a new direction for their talents. I was blown away by her thoughtful examination of my throwaway line at being stuck for inspiration regarding ideas for book three in my trilogy of Cathar novels. Helen Heard, Considered and Responded with such thoughtfulness and enthusiasm that my log-jam was broken and words once again poured forth at my computer. A Wizard, a Sharman, certainly; but a Realist with resources willingly waiting to be tapped by lucky Mauians.
I've known Helen for many years. I marvel at her psychic and palmist powers and have sent literally hundreds to her for in person or on the phone readings.
Here's what I can attest: Helen is all heart, never threatening. In addition, she is the real deal, she KNOWS and heals you, like no other psychic I know. Everyone who works with her comes away enlivened and with a new vision of themselves and those about them. I should add that she has saved me from some hairy situations with her ability to heal, her humor and ability to see others around me, all done with such sweet intimacy. I think Helen embodies love and you will too. Don't miss this chance.
"Helen is a truly gifted psychic/healer. Her insights were of enormous value, and have literally helped set my life on a new path. Not only was she extremely perceptive, but her
words and visuals were so powerful that she motivated me to "take action," and to move forward. Now, that is a rare talent."
Helen has been reading palms for over 40 years. She is a 4th generation palm reader. Her great grandfather taught her mother who in turn taught her. Her readings is always inspirational. There is both a psychic dimension and a spiritual transmission embedded in each reading.
Please e-mail me if you enjoyed the video or radio and would like some more lessons on Palmistry haikuhelen@gmail,com
Sibaal Bazzi Kitchen, 2018-01-07 12:08:36. The seating you use in the kitchen should definitely be comfortable, but stylish too. Find the perfect mix between the two ideals by choosing dining chairs. These add an elegant touch to the room while creating a relaxed atmosphere.
Sakeena Azeeza Kitchen, 2018-01-09 11:50:10. Old and worn out kitchen countertops can be a magnet for germs and bacteria, and whether you are looking to enhance the look of your kitchen, improve its functionality or to simply boost the real estate value of your home, you need to consider new countertops. Even if you do not have the finances to completely overhaul your existing kitchen, you can transform the appearance and functionality of the room by simply replacing those old, worn out countertops. In this article, we take a look at how updating your kitchen countertops can enhance the look and sale potential of your home.
Sahlah Awad Kitchen, 2018-01-09 11:50:09. Choosing the best countertop for your kitchen may be one of the most complicated things in your home face-lifting procedures. Your local countertop fabricator might be able to give you kitchen countertop ideas that you will find very much helpful in your quest towards finding the best material for the most important area of your home. For one, you will need to consider some key aspects, such as cost of the material, durability, maintenance and your lifestyle. Costs for the different types of materials vary. There is a wide array of kitchen countertop materials you can choose from.
Sauda Ganim Kitchen, 2018-01-09 11:50:10. Low-Maintenance Kitchen Countertops: Multiple Options for you. Here are a few options that are low on maintenance and high on style: Granite and marble are popular materials for kitchen countertops. However, things are changing fast with the new kid on the block: Engineered Quartz. It is made up of 90-95% natural quartz stone with 5-10% resins, polymers and other pigments. It is available in a wide variety of colors. The surface isnt porous which makes it ideal for kitchen surfaces. It is stain-resistant and easy to clean.
Fayyad Taqiy Kitchen, 2018-01-09 11:50:09. On the expensive side, granite kitchen countertops have become very popular. They add class and elegance to any kitchen, there is an endless colour variety available, to match whatever colour kitchen cabinets you have. They hold up to heat, and so long as they are properly installed, they can last a lifetime. Another similar option, which is not as well known, is Engineered Stone. This is made of 93% quartz particles. It is heat resistant, stain resistant, and acid resistant, and does not scratch easily - all bonuses when it comes to kitchen countertops. In addition it is available in a wide variety of colours so you can always match, or complement your kitchen cabinets. If you are asking which type of countertop is right for you, provided the price is not out of your budget, granite or engineered stone will meet your every need.
Sahlah Awad Kitchen, 2018-01-09 11:50:09. Boosting the Real Estate Value of your Home. If you are planning on selling your home in the near future, but you do not have the funds to completely renovate your kitchen, then you may be able to boost the overall appearance of your kitchen by just making one or two cosmetic changes. Replacing old and worn out kitchen countertops is one way that you can make a significant difference to the overall appearance of your kitchen.
Sibaal Bazzi Kitchen, 2018-01-09 11:50:10. There are many things that can contribute to the overall appearance and feel of your kitchen, as well as to the practicality and functionality of this room, and one of these things is the countertops. When you think about it most of us spend a fair amount of time in the kitchen, so having this room look and feel right without compromising on functionality is important. Your kitchen countertops can make a big difference to your kitchen, and with the wide range of kitchen countertops available these days it is possible to find something that suits your tastes, matches the rest of the decor in the room, and fits in with your budget. You can choose from a wide range of different materials, colours, and styles when it comes to your kitchen countertops, so you can enjoy having countertops that look stylish, are easy to maintain, are high quality, and wont cost the earth.
Nadeeda Boujoy Kitchen, 2018-01-09 11:50:09. Functional and fantastic – that’s what your kitchen should be. To achieve this, here are some must-have décor items that are beautiful while being useful. You might have shelves and cabinets in their usual spots, but a bit of shelving above the stove can come in really handy. You could place items that you need in easy reach, such as your favorite cookbook. This area is also the perfect place for a bit of décor. Colorful crockery or a vase of flowers on the shelves, for instance, can be a great idea. The best part is that you can add or remove items as you wish, depending on what kind of style you wish to have in your kitchen.
Tuilagi was due to make his first worldwide appearance in two years in the 12-11 victory over South Africa that opened the Quilter Internationals , only to withdraw from the bench because of a minor groin strain. England have otherwise been given a clean bill of health ahead of Saturday's visit of New Zealand to Twickenham - the first time the rivals have met in four years. [Full Article...]
Thibaut Courtois is Solari's choice to play in goal for Real Madrid in the Champions League match away to Viktoria Plzen , thus confirming his decision to use just one goalkeeper for the club's two biggest competitions, unlike Julen Lopetegui . [Full Article...]
Vietnam's concept of what grand prix racing should be about matches our vision for the sport. The unit will be a subsidiary of Vingroup's auto manufacturing group, VinFast, the news website said. It is the first new confirmed event unveiled by Liberty Media since its takeover of Formula 1 in early 2017, though it previously released proposals to race in Miami, which are now on hold. [Full Article...]
Before that, Liverpool had scored in 14 straight games. Speaking of the Switzerland international's situation, the manager said, "We have heard and read the speculation and talk about what kind of reception Shaq would receive and although we have no idea what would happen, we want to go there and be focused 100 per cent on football and not have to think about anything else, that's all". [Full Article...]
You were probably seeking something else, but this is all we have to offer at the moment. In all likelihood, the page that used to be here, has been moved or removed.
If you believe that you are seeing this page as a result of an error, please contact us at support@zone.eu.
By the way, if you are looking for domain registration, web hosting or a VPS server, take a look at our offerings at www.zone.ee.
Andrew Scott is a Canadian writer, editor and photographer, author of The People’s Water, Secret Coastline, Painter Paddler, The Encyclopedia of Raincoast Place Names and other books about British Columbia.
His latest book, the expanded second edition of The Promise of Paradise: Utopian Communities in British Columbia, was published by Harbour in March 2017.
The computer IP address tracking statistics is machine attained respectively for 5.45.207.44. This host has the device IP address 5.45.207.44.The computer IP complies to correct specifications of an IPv4 device IP, which has an uncompressed value of 005.045.207.044.
The reverse DNS for the checked host is yandex.com. A domain name pointer appears to be 5-45-207-44.spider.yandex.com.A full response for the inspected reverse DNS query was captured as 5-45-207-44.spider.yandex.com at the time of this request.
An organization that possesses 5.45.207.44 is YANDEX LLC. An Internet Service Provider (also known as ISP) that represents this hardware 5.45.207.44 is YANDEX LLC.
The data for the tracing evidence shows that the connection to this host has an assigned physical address in Vladimir, Vladimirskaya Oblast', Russian Federation.The timezone of the location of this host is Europe/Moscow.
This host evaluated on this tracking information determined to belong to a bot/spider group as indicated by Host name provisional flags.
To link to 5.45.207.44 report from your website or blog, copy and paste this html code into your web page
Recent [80] IPv4 addresses trace results as of November 12, 2018, 8:08 pm [GMT]. Next update in 6 min, 21 sec
Randwick Racecourse 579 1 (Randwick_Racecourse,_Sydney_,_1863_by_unknown_photographer_from_The_State_Library_of_New_South_Wales.jpg)
List of Old Boys of St Aloysius' College 502 1 (Cecil_Healy,_Olympic_swimming_gold,_silver_and_bronze_medallist.jpg)
Having a big house is everybody’s dream, though at times it’s not easy to afford a big house with so many rooms. This is how the DHP premium sofa bed becomes your choice of sofa bed.
The DHP premium sofa bed is the most comfortable for people living in small house /apartments. It can be used as a bed and seat at those when you have an extra guest who decides to spend a night or two.
The DHP premium sofa bed will definitely give your guest the best comfort and full rest. The good part of this DPH sofa bed is that it only takes a few hours for you to set it up, it does not take a lot of your space and you can also use it in office or your basement. So, to me this is one of the best recliners for sleeping on the market.
1. It’s the best quality and comes with dark or brown or grey leather; it’s very comfortable anyone can use it every day. Maybe one can customize to their color preference.
3. It has arms on both sides for resting your hands, though it’s small in size it’s of high quality.
There are helpful armrest pockets in sides of the couch where you can store gadgets, like TV remotes or tablets.
The couch can be purchased in five diverse color variations and different sectional varieties that can be joined together, beginning from a customary two seater up to a huge sectional 7 seater. This implies you can fabricate your own optimal furniture with its few pieces that can be separated or consolidated to make different arrangements.
The black variety of the couch is secured with faux leather, so it's easy to clean as it doesn't retain fluids and odors
In view of its prominence and that you can dismantle the couch to the last piece, there are loads of extra parts accessible. This implies, in the event that you break one section, it's easy to find a substitution. You can also do a few changes, for example, getting new plan legs that best suit your taste.
When you purchase it you should have somebody to assist you carry it up after delivery because it’s heavy due to the wood it’s made of.
The armrests are situated too high to possibly be comfortable and, while the couch itself feels sturdy and well made, the armrests themselves can turn out to be flimsy and can be broken if sat on excessively.
The DHP premium sofa bed is very comfortable, and one can use it every day. This type of sofa bed can both be used as a bed and sofa, though as a bed it can only accommodate one person at a time. When you are looking for a big sofa bed the DHP is not that big but comes in handy when you have a small space. The DHP premium sofa bed is of high quality and I recommend it for those have small space and need an extra bed.
Here you can see a good chunk of the Clive Barker collection I've been making happen since January 1987, when I bought my first Barker book ever, Books of Blood Vol. III. Barker was fortunate to get (eventually) some of the very best covers in the genre, and a handful he did himself (at least in the UK). The framed photo is me meeting Barker at the Fangoria Weekend of Horrors convention in NYC, circa 1990. What an enthusiastic, sincere, and charming master of horror. Paperback covers and reviews to come!
Labels: '80s, '90s, british, classic, clive barker, dark fantasy, novel, other stuff, read, short stories, splatterpunk
Enjoy this post a lot! Nice little collection, and it's cool that you were able to meet Barker, especially when he still was doing Horror. I hope he gets back into horror. His introductory in the first Books of Blood omnibus tells me that he won't though.
Oh, snap! Are those paperbacks individual copies of each volume of Books of Blood? Yowza. I didn't realize they'd been released in that format here. Or are those English printings? In any case... Sweet.
Those *are* the UK paperbacks of the BOOKS OF BLOOD. They weren't released in the US that way, but I bought them at a Fangoria convention in '89 or '90.
Too Much Horror Fiction collects and reviews vintage horror literature (mostly from the 1960s to the early 1990s) and celebrates its resplendent paperback cover art. Welcome!
Looking for a forgotten horror novel or short story? Remember the paperback cover art but not the title or author? Send me an email at toomuchhorrorfiction[at]gmail.com describing it and if I don't know it, one of my readers might!
Copyright 2010 - 2018. All text (except quotes) is the property of Will Errickson and should not be reproduced in whole or in part without permission from the author. All images, unless otherwise noted, are the property of their respective copyright owners.
The spend package in excess of £38m is a sum 1, 437 times higher than the common UK salary of £26, 500. Photo: Graham Turner/The Guardian
Elliott Advisors, the British supply of New York hedge investment Elliott Management, paid £38, 119, 707 a year ago to a senior professional in its UK company, according to records submitted at Companies home.
The firm, arranged by United States billionaire Paul Elliott Singer in 1977, didn't determine which of its London administrators gathered the multimillion-pound pay cheque, though all of the possible candidates tend to be American. The director’s pay had been up 1, 311% in the £2.7m given out the prior 12 months.
Elliott’s UNITED KINGDOM directors are Keith Horn, 56, primary working officer, Jonathan Pollock, 51, chief trading officer, and Singer’s son Gordon, 40. PHA Media, the PR firm which represents Elliott, refused to state which director collected the cash.
The £38m pay cheque calculates at £733, 000 per week – or maybe more than double the amount has actually Wayne Rooney collects from Manchester United. It's thought to be the highest pay made in Britain this year, before £34m paid to rival investment manager Stephen Butt co-founder of Silchester Overseas a year ago.
Elliott has actually drawn controversy for its extremely intense pursuit of debts owed by Argentina along with other struggling economies. At one-point, Elliott won a judge purchase to have a 100 metre Argentine naval vessel seized in Ghana as an element of its make an effort to collect on bonds upon which Buenos Aires defaulted in 2001.
Unlike significantly more than 90% associated with various other Argentina bondholders, Elliott refused to restructure your debt it presented, and argued that the nation cannot legally favour bondholders that has restructured their financial obligation over their team. Singer won the courtroom struggle, leading to the south US country defaulting this summer, making holders of the restructured financial obligation without vast sums in interest repayments.
Argentina’s former foreign minister Héctor Timerman has branded Singer “the inventor of vulture resources”.
The investment has additionally fought lengthy legal battles against Peru and Congo-Brazzaville to collect on old debts at vastly increased values.
Elliott’s UK unit paid just £1.3m in corporate taxation a year ago, less than the average £1.35m compensated to its 53 employees. The company, that is predicated on King Street, alongside St James’s Square, paid £72m in wages, up from £30m a year ago, as the return doubled to £103m.
On the list of staff, relating to his LinkedIn profile, is Benjamin Tansey, an old president of Oxford Union who had been twice-caught wrestling nude on their college’s croquet lawn.
Wallpaper #1 of 2 - Check out these pictures of Kyra Sedgwick's hairstyles. There's several different haircuts, looks, & styles that Kyra Sedgwick likes to showcase. See which one you like best!
Paul Hellyer was the former Minister of National Defence for Canada who sensationally announced that world governments were deliberately covering up ‘secret files’ that reveal aliens have been visiting Earth for thousands of years, and are already integrated into society. These aliens he claims would be unrecognisable as extraterrestrial if you happened to pass one in the street. Hellyer was the first high-ranking official to go public with his beliefs in his historic speech at the Toronto Exopolitics Conference in 2005.
He has also stated that the aliens are ‘unimpressed’ with how we live and our tendency towards warfare, rather than helping the poor and underprivileged within society, and we are therefore deemed ‘untrustworthy’ to have their advanced technology bestowed upon us.
Another advocate of the existence of extraterrestrials included the late William Cooper, an American conspiracy theorist, former US Naval Intelligence Officer, broadcaster and author, who claimed to have seen a UFO and secret documents while in the Navy and published his findings in his book, ‘Behold a Pale Horse’, which has seen renewed interest in recent years.
However, authority figures notwithstanding, people should of course arrive at their own conclusions on such matters, as only definitive proof will do.
The Phoenix Lights, which occurred on the night of March 13th 1997, was confirmation for many that UFO’s do exist. On that night a craft measuring possibly 2 miles across, with at least 7 lights in a V formation, travelled eerily and silently across the entire state of Arizona in the U.S., and was witnessed by thousands of people, and not just a select few who could easily be written off as either intoxicated, deluded or insane for their disclosures. Many eyewitness accounts said this was more like a ‘procession’, as no attempts were made to hide their presence, and to perhaps leave it beyond doubt that they were here. Not surprisingly, phone lines were jammed with people reporting what they had seen and to ascertain what this was. Attempts were duly made by authorities and the media to contain the hysteria with alternative explanations being hastily put forward, such as flares dropped from helicopters, a hypothesis that was subsequently expunged by military insiders, as they pointed out that the lights remained stationary and in formation throughout the sighting, unlike flares that descend at varying speeds and leave a plume of smoke as they fall to Earth. Furthermore, crucially, there was no sound whatsoever from the UFO, whereas all aircraft we know of are noisy, without exception. All other theories failed miserably to stand up to rigorous investigation, and through the process of elimination, ironically, only served to strengthen the case that this event was indeed real and the craft was other-worldly.
One theory is that aliens could more accurately be described as ethereal beings, that is they inhabit higher planes of existence and are therefore, multidimensional. This may account for their apparent elusiveness, telepathic abilities and how their craft can seemingly manoeuvre contrary to all the laws of physics. Without this consideration, we may never fully appreciate other possibilities looking at it from our limited three-dimensional point of view.
Hollywood movies such as Independence Day have created irrational fears in our consciousness that do not reflect what has transpired so far. If these were primarily malevolent beings we would surely know it by now, as their military capabilities would clearly outstrip our own, and on the contrary, they appear to be attempting to guide our civilization away from military conflict and oppression.
Since 1947, 2 years after atom bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki towards the end of WWII, it is widely believed that these sighting have increased, and even appear to be guarding nuclear installations and facilities. Many of the eyewitness testimonies in military circles speak of missiles being disabled and becoming inoperable, or even warheads being destroyed mid-flight.
The topic of extraterrestrials has implications for society as a whole, and is not just trivia, adding little value to our daily lives. Other forms of propulsion and renewable energy which are unfathomable to us are clearly at the aliens disposal, which accounts for the secrecy of governments and the media of which they control, as our current system is built to provide huge profits for large energy companies and government agencies from energy sources such as coal, oil, gas and electricity. Taking a wider view, to acquire this knowledge would usher in a paradigm shift, with free energy for all. So the motivation to prevent this from occurring by those in power becomes much clearer, as any disclosure that alien life exists would threaten their interests.
We may perhaps be viewed by alien visitors as the unruly and disruptive child in the classroom. Misunderstood, but clearly not versed in the ways of polite society as our other classmates, and could be offering a guiding hand by those with greater experience and maturity to help us live more peacefully, as not to impact negatively on other civilizations on surrounding planets. Regardless of the merits of these claims, it is perhaps food for thought.
Christopher is based in the U.K. and is the author and founder of Critical Eye, a website dedicated to debating societal issues, international affairs and other topics.
#Sarajevo the Capital of #BosniaHerzegovina a city rich in History, In 1914, it was the site of the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria , near the #LatinBridge , that sparked World War I, which also ended Austro-Hungarian rule in Bosnia and resulted in the creation of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Later, after World War II, the establishment of the Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina within the Second Yugoslavia led to a massive expansion of Sarajevo, the constituent republic's capital, which culminated with the hosting of the 1984 Winter Olympics marking a prosperous era for the city. However, after the start of the Yugoslav Wars, for 1,425 days, from April 1992 to February 1996, the city suffered the longest siege of a capital city in the history of modern warfare, during the Bosnian War and the breakup of Yugoslavia. Sarajevo is sometimes called the "Jerusalem of Europe" or "Jerusalem of the Balkans". It is one of only a few major European cities which have a mosque, Catholic church, Orthodox church and synagogue in the same neighborhood. Sarajevo is also the meeting place of Cultures, Austro-Hungarian or European and Ottoman or Middle-Eastern #unesco #worldheritage #beautifuldestinations #travelgram #awesomepix #ig_croatia #earth.superior #Travel_drops_ #travelgram #Hasselblad #Hasselbladx1d #x1d50c
In those days Jesus came from Nazareth in Galilee and was baptized by John in the Jordan. Immediately coming up out of the water, He saw the heavens opening, and the Spirit like a dove descending upon Him; and a voice came out of the heavens: “You are My beloved Son, in You I am well-pleased.”
Immediately the Spirit *impelled Him to go out into the wilderness. And He was in the wilderness forty days being tempted by Satan; and He was with the wild beasts, and the angels were ministering to Him.
Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of God, and saying, “The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand; repent and believe in the gospel.”
They were amazed at His teaching; for He was teaching them as one having authority, and not as the scribes.
And He healed many who were ill with various diseases, and cast out many demons; and He was not permitting the demons to speak, because they knew who He was.
Jesus *said to them, “It is not those who are healthy who need a physician, but those who are sick; I did not come to call the righteous, but sinners.”
Jesus said to them, “The Sabbath was made for man, and not man for the Sabbath. So the Son of Man is Lord even of the Sabbath.”
When building Web APIs it's often required to provide client adapters between various programming stacks and raw HTTP REST APIs. These 'clients' can be built manually but it's often a rather tedious task and it adds to your development efforts as you need to keep the clients in sync with your services as you evolve them.
There had to be a better way and in fact Microsoft faced this issue when they had to generate clients for various Azure REST APIs to be used in various stacks such as .NET, Node, Ruby, Java and Python. They've created and open sourced a tool called AutoRest that can generate client side code from the Swagger document describing your service. Let's have a look!
Remember WSDL? Swagger is something that has taken its place in the RESTful world. It's a spec for the JSON document describing your REST APIs including paths (resources), operations (verbs), parameters and responses and of course representations. Currently it's at version 2.0 and is being widely adopted as it enables interoperability between various services and software stacks.
For ASP.NET Web API the most popular library that brings Swagger documentation has been Swashbuckle. It registers an endpoint that triggers generation of the document off of the running services. Internally it relies on reflection, API description services, custom attributes and filters and even XML comments. The end result is a JSON document that complies with the Swagger spec. Swashbuckle is pretty extensible and allows you to affect the way literally any portion of the document will look like so long as it's still within the spec.
There is a work-in-progress version of Swashbuckle for ASP.NET Core and its package is available through NuGet. Once you have installed the Swashbuckle.SwaggerGen package it's time to configure the generator.
ConfigureSwaggerSchema, among other properties, allows you to register model filters which you can use to adjust the way documentation is generated for your representations. ConfigureSwaggerDocument allows you to register operation and document filters that will fine tune documentation of individual operations or even the whole document. Model, operation and document filters are the main extensibility points of Swashbuckle.
In our case we just provided a short description of the API and also specified that we want enums to be documented rather than their values.
Now we have to add a Swashbuckle middleware to the request pipeline that will handle requests to a special configurable documentation endpoint:
All responses include default 200 only even though your actions may return 201 or 204 as success code and chance are they can produce some 40x.
If you return IActionResult rather than an actual representation the response won't contain a reference to the corresponding schema. And you will retrun IActionResult from at least your POST and DELETE methods.
produces properties of the operations are empty and you probably want to include content types that your API supports (e.g. application/json).
Parameters and properties in your representations are lacking descriptions and while this may not be such an issue for you, wouldn't it be nice if those descriptions were included as XML comments in generated classes?
Remember that AddSwaggerGen call? Beyond anything else it registers default operation filters that will handle special Swashbuckle attributes that you can use to control operation identifiers and responses. The attributes are: SwaggerOperation, SwaggerResponse and SwaggerResponseRemoveDefaults.
public async Task<IActionResult> Create([FromRoute]Guid accommodationId, [FromBody]BookingData bookingData)
I also included a 404 response with an appropriate description. Please note that HTTP status codes are actually keys in the dictionary of responses within an operation and thus there can be only one response with a particular status code. If you have multiple 404's you will need to come up with a combined description in SwaggerResponse attribute.
So far so good but let's address the missing content type issue. One way to do that is to add a custom operation filter that will add supported content types to all of our operations:
Swashbuckle can also extract XML comments that you can add to your action methods as well as to models. XML comments are extracted by default but you need to enable emission of build artifacts in by going to your MVC project's Properties and selecting 'Produce output on build' option on the Build page.
By default the artifacts (.dll, .pdb and the desired .xml) will be put into 'artifacts' folder in your solution under corresponding project, build configuration and framework type folders. When you publish and choose to create NuGet packages for your code the artifacts will be in approot\packages{YourProjectName}{PackageVersion}\lib{FrameworkType} folder. Why is this important? Because you need to provide a path to the XML file to Swashbuckle and with ASP.NET Core these paths are going to be different depending on whether you just locally build or publish.
This configuration code will work with local builds but not with published apps and it has to be used in development environment only. Moreover it's not compatible with RC2 bits of ASP.NET Core. But we seem to be moving away from the topic of this post.
Anyway, once we have decorated our code with nice XML comments let's have a look at the final version for the POST Booking operation documentation:
You can install AutoRest with Chocolatey or simply grab a package from NuGet and unpack it somewhere. Then you need to request a Swagger document from your service and save it. Now you're ready to run AutoRest:
f:\dev\tools\AutoRest>AutoRest.exe -Namespace BookFast.Client -CodeGenerator CSharp -Modeler Swagger -Input f:\book-fast-swagger.json -PackageName BookFast.Client -AddCredentials true
UPDATE: AutoRest has been reimplemented as a Node application since this post was published. You install it by running npm install -g autorest and the equivalent command to generate the client code will be:
autorest --input-file=f:\booking.json --csharp --namespace=BookFast.Booking.Client --add-credentials
The interface allows me to provide custom headers and cancellation tokens for each operation. Nice! Also notice the XML comments, some of them (summary, API parameters) are coming from the Swagger document. XML comments are also added to generated models.
The implementation handles all the nitty gritty details of constructing the request and handling the response. Note that it respects response codes that we insured to be present in our Swagger doc:
    var ex = new HttpOperationException(string.Format("Operation returned an invalid status code '{0}'", _statusCode));
Most APIs require authentication of some kind and because we used -AddCredentials true command line option AutoRest generated a special version of the client for us that allows us to provide credentials.
Polityka prywatności i ciasteczek: Ta witryna używa ciasteczek. Pozostając na stronie zgadzasz się na ich użycie.
Someday I'll show youI will travel across the land, searching far and wide each Pokemon to understand the power that's inside. Every challenge along the way, with courage I will face. I will battle every day to claim my rightful place blueberry
Top-tier, consistent customer service and support is of utmost importance to Honda. Honda Canada is pleased to advise its Canadian 2015 Honda CR-V customers that vehicle enhancements, which are detailed in the terms of settlement of certain U.S. class actions,* are available at Canadian dealers to 2015 Honda CR-V owners and lessees in Canada. These product enhancements have been available to customers since November 2015.
American Honda Motor Co., Inc. has received preliminary court approval in the United States of a settlement of certain class actions involving allegations of unwanted vibrations on certain 2015 Honda CR-V models.* Final approval of the U.S. class actions is expected in late 2018.
Honda Canada would like to assure its Canadian customers that any vehicle enhancements available to owners and lessees of the applicable 2015 Honda CR-V vehicles in the U.S., which relate to the subject matter of the U.S. class actions, have been extended to owners and lessees of 2015 Honda CR-V vehicles in Canada. These enhancements, if required, are free-of-charge subject to the terms of the vehicle’s warranty.
In addition to having vehicle enhancements available, Honda Canada also intends to take steps to provide further notifications regarding the availability of these enhancements to certain customers in Canada.
Honda Canada is taking these steps in recognition of the importance to Honda Canada of the satisfaction of its Canadian 2015 Honda CR-V customers.
Read about him on the Internet. Very interesting story leaving Cuba, his wife and daughter. He started pitching for the Yankees but he was too wild. He got his family out of Cuba then got traded to the Chicago White Sox where he is pitching much better.
× We have detected that you are using an ad blocker. The Joomla! Project relies on revenue from these advertisements so please consider disabling the ad blocker for this domain.
EOS Price Watch: Breakout to Happen Soon! EOS Price Key Highlights EOS has moved to the very end of its triangle pattern, which means that a breakout is bound to…
EOS Price Key Highlights EOS has moved to the very end of its triangle pattern, which means that a breakout is bound to happen. Technical indicators are giving mixed signals…
EOS Price Watch: Eyes on These Next Support Zones EOS Price Key Highlights EOS price looks prime for a break of a short-term support zone, paving the way for further…
EOS Price Key Highlights EOS price looks prime for a break of a short-term support zone, paving the way for further declines. Price is also trending lower inside a descending…
EOS Price: Momentum Looks Bearish but may Turn Around Soon Cryptocurrency markets are always interesting creatures. Their movements often make little to no sense, even though there are some general patterns…
EOS Price: Dip to $7.5 Will Happen Fairly Soon All cryptocurrency markets are still suffering from sideways and bearish trading momentum. This situation will remain in place until Bitcoin gets its…
EOS Price Watch: Watch Out for a Triangle Breakout EOS Price Key Highlights EOS has formed lower highs and higher lows to consolidate inside a symmetrical triangle. Price is approaching…
The cryptocurrency markets finally appear to be in full recovery mode — at least as of Tuesday afternoon when all the major coins posted considerable leaps with most in the…
The cryptocurrency markets took another dip on Tuesday morning as most of the major Top 10 cryptocurrencies suffered significant losses. The big loser across the board was EOS which crashed…
From $260 billion to $241 billion, the valuation of the cryptocurrency market has dropped by over $19 billion in the past 24 hours, as major cryptocurrencies including bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple,…
EOS price tanked considerably in the past few hours to reach a 2-month low of $9.30 at press time on Friday – a significant drop of well over 11%. Just…
EOS Price: Short-term Squeeze can Push the Value Below $11 It has become apparent over the weekend there is still a lot of negative pressure across all cryptocurrency markets. All…
EOS Price: Positive Uptrend Aids Push to $15 In the cryptocurrency world, there is hardly ever any positive price momentum over the weekend. It seems this weekend may prove to…
EOS Price Watch: Upside Triangle Break, Potential Retest EOS Price Key Highlights EOS broke out of that symmetrical triangle pattern previously highlighted to signal an uptrend. Price has found resistance…
EOS Price Key Highlights EOS broke out of that symmetrical triangle pattern previously highlighted to signal an uptrend. Price has found resistance at 15.50, though, so a pullback might be…
EOS Price: Surge to $14 Remains Intact Even though weekends are never a solid indication for the future of cryptocurrency prices, it seems the EOS community couldn’t care any less. With…
EOS Price Shows Strong Gains After Tough First Half of the Week Even though all of the cryptocurrencies are slowly going back in the green, it remains to be seen…
Tron, EOS, Litecoin, IOTA and Stellar: Price Analysis May 19, 2018 By all accounts, alt coin sellers have had the upper hand this week. EOS, Tron and IOTA were some…
Vitalik Helps Dan Larimer at GitHub: EOS Technical Analysis (May 18, 2018) Whether EOS is leading the market or not is just but speculations based on historical prices. We need…
EOS Price Loses 20% Overnight as Cryptocurrency Carnage Worsens The current cryptocurrency market situation looks far from promising. That is not entirely surprising, as a declining Bitcoin price always drags…
EOS Price Technical Analysis for 05/11/2018 – Stay on the Lookout for a Breakout EOS Price Key Highlights EOS has formed lower highs and higher lows to create a symmetrical…
EOS Looks Poised for a Move Toward Record Highs EOS seems to be preparing for a move back toward all-time highs, price chart analysis indicates. The cryptocurrency’s pullback from the…
EOS Price Rises Above $18 Again as Bulls Retake Control While most cryptocurrencies are still trying to recover from a setback over the weekend, there are always exceptions to keep an eye…
EOS Price Drops Sharply as Massive Gains Turn Into Steep Losses Given all of the cryptocurrency momentum we have seen in the past few weeks, it is not entirely surprising…
A lot of people keep an eye on the EOS value as of right now. For a project without a working mainnet, its valuation is astronomical. So much even that…
EOS Price Reaches a new All-time High of $18.34 With so many things changing in the cryptocurrency world over the past few weeks. It is important to keep tabs on…
EOS Price Retakes $6.6 Level Thanks to Brief Positive Momentum Today may certainly prove to be a rather interesting day for all cryptocurrency markets. Although it is still early to…
EOS Price Surpasses $6 Again Amid Mini Bull Rush Even though most of the cryptocurrencies are still suffering from bearish momentum right now, it remains to be seen if there…
EOS Price Continues to Surge as $7 is in Sight It is evident the cryptocurrency markets are still suffering from a lot of bearish pressure right now. Both Bitcoin and…
EOS Price Reaches for $7 While Other Markets Retrace Once Again After yesterday’s initial excitement regarding the cryptocurrency markets yesterday, it seems most of the momentum has evaporated once again.…
EOS Price Surpasses $5.75 Thanks to Bullish South Korean Traders Things are still looking pretty solid for most cryptocurrency markets as of right now. Especially the EOS price is noting…
EOS Price Breezes Past $9 in Search of a Double-digit Value With all cryptocurrencies slowly recovering some of their value lost overnight, things will undoubtedly get rather interesting moving forward.…
Copyleft 2014 by Jet Racing. All images on this website are the property of Jet Racing and/or a great racing photographer. Respect their intellectual property
Actually I've been having this problem since the very beginning of the DVBLink Mediacenter Client config utility, but I never reported it for which I apologize.
I've had this (minor) issue on Windows 7,8,8.1 and 10 with the same result on all, with all versions up to 6 for as long as I can remember.
The application asks for the server IP and port. I use a non-default port, and though the utility updates the IP address, it does not do anything with the port setting. The workaround is to manually update the port setting in the config XML, but I'm sure that wasn't the intended functioning of the app .
Your goal is to eat all the oblivious but delicious chickens so you can find your way out through the door.
Well, when Milner finds the back of the net in the Premier League, he simply doesn't lose. His goal at the Emirates was his 50th in the Premier League and it helped him extend his Premier League record for most consecutive games scored in without losing to 49 games. [Full Article...]
I am a self-taught Front-End Developer Specialized on React. I love to design and develop web applications while keeping User Experience in mind. Problem-solving, designing clean interfaces, learning new skills and then implementing them, are things that I am passionate about.
I am currently working with React by building some fun stuff and am interested in a position where I can utilize my skills.
Blog Archive March (1) December (1) July (1) June (1) December (2) September (3) August (1) July (2) June (2) April (2) March (4) February (4) January (2) December (2) November (2)
Except where otherwise noted, content on this wiki is licensed under the following license: CC Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International
A recent project called on my full range as a photographer--lifestyle, documentary, portraiture and landscape--directing the scene, lighting and talent, yet also waiting for moments to emerge. Family Help and Wellness commissioned us to North Carolina, Arizona, Utah and Idaho to photograph their programs working with youth--counseling, academics, animal therapy, wilderness excursions and camping, mindfulness and beyond. 4 states, 12 great locations, thousands of miles, and magic light--thank you Family Help and Wellness for a wonderful shoot. Here are a few of my favorites.
[03:06] <kf7fer> So if I wanted to build a little cutdown board, could I use something like a CR2025 or do I need to use a bigger battery?
[03:08] <kf7fer> well actually looking at the datasheet I guess I'd have to say no, it's too low a voltage
[09:43] <SpeedEvil> Anyone happen to know where I can get short lengths - say a couple of meters - of 100um core power delivery fibre?
[10:56] <db_g6gzh> Ah, I just set up on .050 and getting lots of splatter from 433.9 sensors so .66 would be better for me
[12:17] <MaXimaN> Seems even G8KNN is having difficulty receiving, and they're only a few miles away
Week commencing 15th October at Dunmore Park for U8 through to infinity. This year is going to be massive 🙂
There is a great set of articles on these topics, written by Yaakov Bazak and appearing as Chapters 15-19 of a book which I think is titled "Achrayuto haPelilit Shel HaLakui beNafsho."
Blanket is approx. 12 in x 12 in and handmade right here in our shop, it is super soft white with colored dots on one side and cotton tootsie roll fabric on the other.
We have matched it up with the cutest little 7 inch pink bear. She has magnets in her paws, eyes and mouth, so she can play peek-a-boo, blow kisses and hold her blankie.
Soft and cuddly with plush trim detail. Don't forget to remove all hangtags & plastic fasteners before giving to children. Machine washable - Polyester fiberS oft and cuddly with plush trim detail. Don't forget to remove all hangtags & plastic fasteners before giving to children. Machine washable - Polyester fiber
After a difficult entrance into this world involving being in the special care baby unit for a week after his birth, with the nurses running out of places to take blood samples, this little guy has always managed to make us smile and laugh with his outgoing nature.
This photo was taken when we had arrived on holiday a few years ago and I had bought the customary sticker and colouring in books to keep him occupied. Only to find out when I came down from unpacking that he had stuck all of the stickers to himself!
I added some thread to the buttons, a huge paper clip and let this colourful paper speak for itself!
He still makes me chuckle most days and is now the tallest in Year 3. Obviously that tiny little baby in special care grew up!
I am going away to the March Scrapagogo Retreat with my friend Linzi and can't wait! We had such fun last time we went and hopefully we will be able to keep up a bit better this time!
I decided to get some of my scrapbook pages out and finally put them in an album, it was lovely to look at the photos again and read the bits of journalling too. I think thats why a scrapbook, to tell more of the story than just the photograph and because I love paper!
The butterflies were cut with my x-cut butterfly punch and a Martha Stewart butterfly punch and layered to add a bit of dimension.
Hubby and I are away in one of the most romantic cities in the world with lots to celebrate this week.
There is valentines day, my 40th birthday and most importantly 24 years together. Since my 16th birthday we have been a couple. I never thought when I said yes, we could go out all those years ago that I would still be with this guy when I am 40.. but I am glad that I am!
We had some bananas that had seen better days in the fruit bowl and I couldn't see them going to waste.
I have not been making many cards at the moment, after Christmas I just decided to take a break, do more scrapbooking and photography and most of all concentrate on getting better at cooking!
I have never really loved cooking, I cook because I have to, but I am beginning to enjoy it and the more I make, the more confident I get to try something else.
I also made some really easy breadsticks which I saw on Lorraine Pascale's Baking Made Easy programme.
My husband is the master at making Risotto's and kindly showed me how to make this Butternut Squash Risotto which is delicious!
I have a special birthday coming up and my dear friend Jennifer came round to make me a cake. We used this delicious chocolate cake recipe from here but Jennifer added much more icing sugar to the ganache frosting which made it taste even better!
My youngest made me leave the room while he decorated the cake with glitter and chocolate sprinkles.
It wasn't long before half of the cake had been consumed by us all. The other half is in the freezer to share with Jennifer next time we have a cuppa! Thanks my lovely!
Bobbi and I are hosting another Friday Night Sew-In on July 23rd! Sign ups are finally here!! Are you pumped??!!
If you are in the "summer sewing slump" then this is the perfect opportunity for you to get motivated!
1. Enter your blog info below. **If you don't have a blog - you can enter the Flickr group link as your URL.
2. Make a post on your blog - letting all your readers know about the sew-in. Spread the word.. we could all use the virtual sewing support and encouragement.
3. On Friday – 07/23/10 - Get your house settled, put on your comfy jammies.. maybe make a cup of tea.. and sit down to work on some of those projects (or anything else that you want to work on.. maybe you want to knit.. or catch up on scrapbooking).
4. Then, sometime on Saturday - Make a post about what you worked on.. show us a picture or two on Flickr.
And finally - on Sunday 7/25, we will enter all participants into a GIVEAWAY for something fun! Maybe some fabric.. or a sewing gadget or two. Bobbi and I both pick winners - so you each will have 2 chances to win!!
Ok, this month I will post on Saturday--not two days later! I worked hard, took pictures and then got them on late; not this month! Regardless, it is still fun and I can't wait!
Looking forward to another Friday night excuse to sew. I have a few projects that I need to start so I hope to have my supplies set to go by then.
and you'll be settled in your new home too? love to stitch together all round the world.....the countdown is on!
I have a project in mind! I've been cutting out the fabric for my next Quilters Academy lesson. Friday night will be the perfect time to get it sewn up. Thanks!
I've signed up--that's my birthday and unless something really exciting comes up, I can't think of a better way to spend it!
Have to catch August maybe, but then again I think we will be on family vacation the third Friday in aug. Oh, well. Have fun.
My sewing room is finally back up and running, and that's the first night FH is out of town for 2 whole weeks...I'm so in!!!
In again! If I keep playing I've got to finally hit a Friday Night Sew-In where I actually achieve something :).
this will be my first sew in too!. I finially have a Friday night free and I have sewing I need to get done. will blog about it after work today. Yeah.
Been with ya from the start. Looks like my number is 75 this time. I have churn dash blocks to work on!
I'm really hopping to join in this time. We've just moved interstate (2 weeks ago) & I haven't had a chance to sew for ages because I've been so busy sorting & packing. Not sure what I'll work on yet. :-) cheers, Jan in Oz
I've been promising myself for three months I'm going to join in- and this month I've decided to just bite the bullet and go for it.
My third time. I keep trying for every month but it just doesn't happen. Hope I have better luck than last time, when "friday night sewin" became friday night unpickin'. LOL
Ok - I'm in the day job is over for now, so I'm hoping I don't have any late afternoon calls - I have my project ready and waiting and it needs to be finished!
I've had zero quilting motivation for the last few weeks! Can't wait to force myself to work on something and get some quilting done.
I'm determined to ignore EVERYTHING and sit my rear end down in front of my sewing machine on Friday night and GET SOME SEWING DONE !!!! ..... and you all have my permission to give me the kick in the butt that I need !!!!! :)
Ok, my first Friday Night Sew In!! This sounds perfect to me. I'm working on a couple little mini quilts for my cat (long story) so hopefully I'll finish those, but I also really want to start to play around with making some fabric covered greeting cards. yay!
I missed the last two Friday Night Sew-in - and I haven't been sewing for weeks - so I need a push. I'm not quite sure what to do; may be do a little progress on a Log Cabin quilt. I'm really looking forward to the evening.
I hadn't been signing up for the last few and guess what?!! I was home sewing! SO...I'm signing up for the fun filled evening of virtual stitching with friends!!
Never done a Friday Night Sew In but I need some "sew" time. What better way than with some fellow enthusiasts?
It is going to be hotter than blue blazes up in my studio but I am ready to sew tonight! I am finally going to get the borders on a quilt I have been working on for 2 years. I also have several purses and totes that I need for customer's orders so I have plenty to do!
This is going to be great for me, as I am here by myself every Friday evening. Now I have something fun to do! Hugs Morgan
I'm a last minute sign up because I wasn't sure if I would have time this weekend, as it is a holiday in Utah. But, it looks like I can sneak a little in--so I'm in.
Starting with a class at the quilt shop from 7-9, then I'll be home finishing up the Beach Tote from Tuesday's class.
I get out at 6:30! but I'll sew the moment I get home--I'mmoving in 3 weeks and I'm trying to finish as many projects as I can before I have to pack up quilting stuffs and move across the country!
So exciting! This is my first time joining the sew in, but I already know exactly what I am going to work on!
Woo hoo. I'm a newbie and haven't participated before. Can't wait to get home, in my jammies and sew!!
Okay, I'm new to this, but I'm looking forward to tucking in the kids and working on some skirts for a fundraiser! What a great idea!
Another newbie here! I have some hst I need make tonight as well as work on a birthday present for my niece. (Her b-day was last Sat...oops!)
Well, I am unable to sew on machine due to knee surgery but since I am a hand appliquer I have plenty of sewing waiting for me! I will be attaching my vines, leaves and berries on the borders of my Jo Morton Warm Wishes for Christmas quilt. Then, when I can machine sew again, they will be attached! Help me to feel a Christmas chill today, as we are suppose to have heat index of 110 degrees!!! Yikes!!! Looking forward to seeing everyone's projects!
Forget to leave a comment yesterday! I would like to join the sew in! I finished up last night and will post today!
Well, my first Sew In and I'm glad I participated!!!! I got something done, yeah! My post and my pictures are up on my blog http://quiltedinspirations.blogspot.com/ for all to see. I'm anxious to finish it with fun appliqué using my AccuCut machine and dies. Looking forward to seeing what all of you got done. What Fun!!!!
Well I posted on my blog http://viewfromourhill.blogspot.com/ 12 hours ago and wasn't sure if we were re posting here or on a new post that we'd done it. I've been waiting for the US to wake up. lol!
pics to come, but made my post! Hope to get more sewing done next time!! Go checkout my day at sewsowinlove.blogspot.com Thanks!jan
I participated and posted the results to my blog http://smokingneedlesknitting.blogspot.com/2010/07/my-friday-night-sew-in-dress.html
Count me in for the next Friday Night Sew-in! I actually *was* sewing on Friday night, but no pics to post.
Hey Handsomites! Eric and Robbie are talking Parasyte by Hitoshi Iwaaki! They discuss the horrific imagery, the strong characterization, and the great localization! They also review X-Men ’92 #1 and Power Lines #1!
Hello Handsomites! Eric and Robbie bring a rollicking episode of comic goodness to you this week! They review all Indie books this in week in Weekly Floppies, including the spectacular Shutter #1! They serve up a dose of nerdy goodness as always, and talk Ed Brubaker, Winter Soldier, and good ole’ Cap himself in Nerd Boy Book Club! Last, but certainly not least, Randy Savage, the Macho Man himself, makes a visit and talks X-Men! You don’t want to miss it!
This entry was posted in Episodes and tagged avatar the last airbender, calculating god, captain america, ed brubaker, flash gordon, linux action show, lumberjanes, macho man randy savage, magnus robot fighter, regular show skips, robert j sawyer, shutter, steve epting, winter soldier, wrestlemania, wwe network on April 15, 2014 by handsomeboyscomicshour.
One writer, one artist, one weekly discussion about comics and nerd culture. Your home for news, reviews, slightly antagonistic banter, and much much more!
Hey, there, Handsomites! We are your hosts Robbie Dorman and Eric Z Goodnight. Your home for news, reviews, slightly antagonistic banter, and much, much more!
Portray Deliver color to your property with our portray services! Despite in order to incorporate lifestyle to household furniture that has a new stain task or if you need to paint your walls, we could tackle it in your case.
In a cell phone call with their customer care I strongly advisable they set their method as much as only let a “consumer” click on a person contractor every day for a particular activity rather than hitting 3 or four and enjoying the “lowest priced route” sport.
I setup these types of with and afterwards Allow The shopper choose what work classification they “Imagine” they need work in. From my measurement customers get it Completely wrong one/2 enough time. Which results in me to acquire to law enforcement HA on the categories they pick. Then to add insult to injury, the house recommend “credit study group” is slooow to exploration and usually deny the credit score request.
I just signed up with HA. Two prospects up to now, one particular was another contractor screening the internet site, HA reported they would refund. To this point they under no circumstances charged me for it so I suppose that’s excellent.
I started with household advisor to create my company but very little did I am aware every time they arrived to me that I was about to get taken advantage of. I do free of charge estimates and they have sent me throughout gods generation to take a look at jobs but The client’s are usually not wanting nothing at all carried out but a great deal had been either seeking land obvious Slash which I'm not a logging company or there was rental where people would endure them deliver me over a wild goose Chase when it absolutely was another tree company but Once i figured it out and called them it had been an justification on this and that and I needed to however buy the lead.
Our residence has electric baseboard heat, we simply cannot heat our house to a comfortable amount. You will discover thermal switches around the heating factor, they appear to be electrically open up usually.
What I actually obtain intriguing, is always that shoppers are usually not even conscious of the exact match. Homeadvisor matches me up with consumers, that are unaware of exact match. To me its One more justification to charge twenty.55 It might be effective, for example, I’ll get a call from HomeAdvisor agent stating, that Mr. Or Mrs. X would like to talk to you. All together The client doesn’t realize HA is matching them with me. They basically just would like to speak with me, that is very good, but for HA to mention These are an “specific match”, is insane! It’s like if you fulfill someone on a date, we cant assume wedding day bells Later on!! I wont lie it does have it merchandise too.
Breakers all seem ok (not tripped). Any Suggestions. A probability The voltage tests Alright? Whenever handyman contract you test voltage you might be utilizing a pretty skinny inner wire in volt meter. Although only a skinny wire was coming in to supply the house it might browse complete voltage! I believe that a offer wire coming to the house incorporates a partial connection, free or stripped! I've seen this occur on lots of company calls. A stripped wire or insufficient energy will not be sufficient to run appliances.
We have been employing HA for numerous yrs now and initially it did repay. At the moment I have suspended our qualified prospects simply because we've been way as well hectic with work from term of mouth as well as other avenues. I do agree with Eric that HA sends much more than three out for each position mainly because We now have encountered this several moments.
elect to use handyman branches HA to develop your business, Here are a few insights that I’ve received that can help you close up much more leads and earn more money.
I have found Home Advisor to become elusive and straightforward dishonest regarding their service.Even though I agree a different man in business requires a mechanism to Find leads HA is not the most effective Remedy due to the reality they lie.
We asked viewers to post a photograph they took of the American flag and to inform us what it will make them truly feel. Listed here are the 12 finalists.
I obtained a income call from for more on handyman in austin tx Home Advisor just lately for my junk removing company in WA Point out. The Girl who called reported they'd many junk removing requests in my area and desired to verify my business qualifies for HA to make sure that I am able to make use of the company. She requested me if I'd my normal contractor’s license, I informed her I don’t due to the fact junk elimination businesses in my state don’t need a contractor’s license.
How does one check an electrical outlet to view if it grounded? Is their any tool that I can use to view if an electrical outlet is grounded?
care bear coloring page bears pages also for adults easy animals online unblocked,care bears coloring pages printable for adults animals cute christmas elderly,coloring pages online by number baby care bear cousins for adults quotes,coloring pages for teenagers online by number girls pdf care bear pictures bears grumpy,care bear coloring pages fresh bears cousins animals realistic for adults pdf and their babies,coloring pages online by number care bear book easy for older adults mandala,coloring pages for adults printable kids online unblocked care bear tree topper page cousins,coloring pages animals with big eyes printable care bears book bear best and their babies,coloring pages animals pdf easy for adults care bears drawing at free personal use,coloring pages animals for adults bear online care bears page medium size of book summer elderly.
We are working to get our social media networks operating. We apologise for this inconvenience, but assure you we will have them functioning shortly. Thank you for your patience.
According to an article in the Orlando Sentinel published on March 25, 2014, the city of Apopka , Florida will be lengthening the yellow lights at red-light camera intersections. This is being done to prevent car accidents and reduce ticket revenue.
Thursday, March 27, 2014/Author: Hanson & Hanson/Number of views (1507)/Comments (0)/ Article rating: No rating
Drowning is the leading cause of death among children ages one to four years old. Florida’s drowning rate among children ages five and under is the highest in the nation. Enough children drown in Florida every year to fill three to four preschool classrooms. Most drownings occur in Spring and Summer.
Tuesday, March 25, 2014/Author: Hanson & Hanson/Number of views (1429)/Comments (0)/ Article rating: No rating
According to the Florida State Patrol, a Timber Creek High School teenager, Borzhana Matviak, was struck by a sport utility vehicle, driven by Richard Alexnder, while walking to school Wednesday morning.
The laws that govern automobile accidents in Orlando are strict, however, some drivers cho ose not to follow them. If you’ve been in involved in a car accident, you might be interested in reading about our Dos and Don’ts of automobile accident claims in Orlando.
Generally, an individual injured in an automobile accident may bring a claim or lawsuit to recover the actual expenses associated with property damage and medical costs, economic damages, and emotional and physical pain and suffering. Litigation involving motor vehicle accidents can be extremely complicated. Retaining an experienced lawyer familiar with motor vehicle accident damages will place you in the best position to receive the recovery that you deserve.
The city that Walter defended, the place where Ferdinand got assassinated. #LatinskaCuprija #LatinBridge #WWI #Heritage #Bridge #River #Sarajevo #Bosnia
I need nothing to travel the sea The strange silence Surrounding me Grows closer, feels colder But I'm ready To suffer the sea ◘ OMAM
astra; bb — I like the way that you're moving. Baby, don't stop what you're doing you know I came here for you, boy. I don't dance without you.
Great Photos Of Nfl Decals for Glass – Through the thousands of Stocks on the internet regarding nfl decals for glass, we all choices the most libraries along with excellent resolution only for our readers, and now this pictures is actually believed as one of photos collections within our ideal pictures gallery with regards to Great Photos Of Nfl Decals for Glass. I feel you may love it.
That photos (Nfl Decals for Glass Prettier New England Patriots 3 Nfl Team Logo Vinyl Decal Sticker) earlier mentioned is commonly branded using:
issued by simply Juan Ramirez at 2018-11-07 20:11:18. To find out all photos with Great Photos Of Nfl Decals for Glass models gallery please adhere to that website hyperlink.
A young contractor is hired to build a honky-tonk in Tennessee by the man who killed his father. Official Photos IMDB
Josh Futturman, a janitor by day and a gamer by night, is recruited by mysterious visitors to travel through time to prevent the extinction of humanity. Official Photos IMDB
When Greg Sestero, an aspiring film actor, meets the weird and mysterious Tommy Wiseau in an acting class, they form a unique friendship and travel to Hollywood to make their dreams come true. Official Photos IMDB
All graphics and original content belongs to Josh Hutcherson Source, unless otherwise stated. This site is a non-profit one, 100 % unofficial. We are not in anyway in contact with Josh Hutcherson. All photos are copyright to their respective owners, no copyright infringement is ever intended.
All graphics and original content belongs to Josh Hutcherson Source, unless otherwise stated. This site is a non-profit one, 100% unofficial. We are not in anyway in contact with Josh Hutcherson. All photos are copyright to their respective owners, no copyright infringement is ever intended.
Life is precious, you only have one. Live it to the fullest before you live to regret it – http://JoshuaHideki.com
Disclaimer: Free essays on Theology posted on this site were donated by anonymous users and are provided for informational use only. The free Theology research paper (Outline of Buddhism essay) presented on this page should not be viewed as a sample of our on-line writing service. If you need fresh and competent research / writing on Theology, use the professional writing service offered by our company.
Here you can easily hire a private writer in as early as 5 minutes. With 200+ writers available 24/7, we can help with any written assignment (from simple essays to dissertations).
Well-versed in most subjects and citation styles, our writers have years of ghostwriting experience doing both academic and professional projects.
Placing an order is a snap. You enter your details and deadline and get a personal writer who works with you on a one-to-one personal level until you are happy with the finished product.
Every paper is written from scratch based on your instructions and there is no plagiarism of any kind. Plus, we guarantee free unlimited revisions.
You will enjoy direct with the writer throughout the entire process and will receive the paper by e-mail/download.
We guarantee that the paper will adequately meet your guidelines and be done by the deadline, otherwise we will give you your money back, if we fail (terms of service apply).
I've made a LOT of artwork over the past two weeks, so I'll be sharing some in the coming days, from art journal pages to gelli prints, and everything in-between!
The only supplies I brought with me were my Neocolor II watercolor crayons, six 1oz jars of Silks Acrylic Glazes, & my sketch pack of pencils and pens. I wanted to be influenced by the favorite supplies of my friends, and stretch my art-making abilities, since I wouldn't be able to fall back on my favorite techniques or supplies...not even brushes! It was a challenge, but looking back at what I've created, I realize I learned so much and dug deeper into myself than I have in a long time.
Hi there! I'm Samantha Kira Harding, aka Samie, a writer, artist, & videographer from Phoenix, Arizona.
When I'm not rockin' it on freelance video & graphic design gigs, I'm painting, and writing. All. The. Time.
I've had Fibromyalgia/CFS for 17 years, along with an alphabet soup of medical issues. Creativity and art saved my life. I also write about grief, suicide/mental illness awareness, and chronic illness.
Today is a new day! Check out process pics and the final framed result! It was an amazing morning and I finally feel like I’m back and making the art I love once again. This journal spread is all about dreams, new days, and family. Blog link in profile. #journalgirl #mixedmedia #artjournal #art #azartist #collage PS new video this week!
I took this photo while laying in the grass, waiting for paint to dry. No phone in my hand, no tv in the background. Just me, pausing time as I lay and listen to the trees breathe and sing. I was inspired to snap a pic as I got up after 20 min. I knew it was perfect to layer. I’ve started writing again, and reaching out with my art to just create. To not been constrained. Thank you @sabrinawardharrison for all you’ve given me in Untether. When this girl offers her next class, take it. Seriously. #art #photography #journalgirl
The abundance of specialist and generalist lepidopteran larvae on a single host plant species: Does spatial scale matter?
Absence of corn stunt spiroplasma and maize bushy stunt phytoplasma in leafhoppers (Hemiptera: Cicadellidae) that inhabit edge grasses throughout winter in Jalisco, Mexico
Changes in abundance of larvae and adults of Popillia japonica (Coleoptera: Scarabaeidae: Rutelinae) and other white grub species in Northwest Arkansas and their relation to regional temperatures
Mortality and food consumption in Spodoptera frugiperda (Lepidoptera: Noctuidae) larvae treated with spinosad alone or in mixtures with a nucleopolyhedrovirus
The article is devoted to the study of Ukrainian legislation on asylum. The concept of the status of asylum-seeker, refugee, person in need of additional protection, legal procedure for granting asylum in Ukraine, as well as their essence have been clarified. Particular attention is paid to refugee legislation.
Key words: asylum seeker status in Ukraine, person in need of additional protection, refugee law, refugee legal status, asylum, convention on the status of refugees.
Born and raised in Honolulu, I became a licensed general contractor and started doing small renovations and repair jobs in June 1983.
My only daughter, Tanyce, was born around the same time, so needless to say my days and nights were very busy, but also enjoyable. Over the next several years, Wong Construction grew to where it could handle larger additions and even new homes.
Today, I employ a crew of four skilled craftsmen, including myself, and although I still consider us to be a small business, we are able to handle larger jobs. We have completed projects around the island of Oahu, and we can do everything from termite repairs to million-dollar homes.
We work with outstanding subcontractors, draw plans, and can design the home of your dreams. We also have great contacts that can provide financing, if the need arises.
“I have known Les since 1992, when I made an addition to a home in Kaneohe. Since then he has done three different home renovations, including a complete renovation in 2001 of my current home. That is why, when we decided to add an extension to our home, I contacted Les. I remembered how easy it was to work with him. Les was dependable and trustworthy; he would ensure our needs were met and worked within our budget.
“I liked how Les would walk us through the design phase and through final completion of the project. Working with Les made it easy to make minor changes as the construction progressed. Les handled everything beginning with obtaining the permit to installing the floors. I was pleasantly surprised to find that all the things I liked and what made working with Les so easy were still the same, even after 17 years since our last renovation work by Wong Construction. We were also astonished to learn that some of the same people that worked on our renovation 17 years ago were still working for Les.
“Since my wife and I are both retired, this is the first renovation Les has done for us where we were home. We watched the construction progress each day and witnessed his dedicated crew at work. His crew was easily approachable, extremely polite and listened to any suggestions or concerns we had during the renovation. We especially appreciated the many suggestions they offered when we were not exactly sure about the certain details of the construction. They also cleaned up every day before they left and ensured all equipment and materials were safely stored before they left for the day.
“Home construction can disrupt a person’s life, but Wong Construction made the experience painless. We were rewarded with a home addition we both love and our beautiful home is more than what we expected. We truly appreciate Les and his crew for all their hard work. If we need additional work we will definitely call Les again.
After more than 30 years in the industry, Wong Construction still strives to do the best job possible. For more information about Wong Construction, call 542-9664.
All Speed Attack brand rotors start with quality Centric rotor blanks that are made from either the high-grade G3000 cast iron or best-in-class rotor materials known High Carbon which is used on Speed Attack's "High Carbon Series" rotors. Whichever you choose, all rotors meet ISO9000 and ISO9001 manufacturing brake production for brake rotors.
All rotors are designed and engineered as a quality and affordable upgrade path for improving the braking beyond what stock OEM rotors offer.
Rotors are machined and available in Smooth-Blank Versions (like most OEM) or Stage-1 drilled, Stage-2 drilled/slotted and Stage-3 slotted-only versions. The best choice for you (really for your vehicle) depends on performance requirements as dictated by driving, hauling or performance needs, your driving environment (mountainous, canyons or flat roads), stock or oversize wheels/tires and or if you’re just cruising as daily driver or a 9/10ths performance driver.
For those building a vehicle to achieve a certain look, you can even choose your brake rotors based on style preferences such as black center or silver centers or drilled/slotted combo or just drilled. You get the idea.
Some of our rotors are zinc plated for durability and tough resistance to road and weather conditions or in the case of our High Carbon Rotors, they are black e-coated for supreme weather durability.
At first glance, one brake rotor might look just like any other, but look a little closer and you’ll see the "Description Tab" to see what sets Speed Attack Rotors apart:
1 year on warping, one year on manufacturer defects such as cracking (rotor must be within the minimum thickness).
HawkBrakesDirect.com a Premier Authorized Direct Distributor staffed by former Hawk Employees and Hawk Factory Trained Staff. We are not owned or operated by Hawk Performance.
The grass is greener on the other side – a term commonly used to describe conditions of a marginally better situation compared to one’s dwelling. Don’t be mistaken though – this term could motivate one to improve the local conditions, instead of being purely a sign of envy. Thus, what you’re seeing now could be seen as a successful attempt …
Sweet, sweet honey. One of the greatest gifts from mother Earth. Packing so much nutrition it could act as a natural ointment and medicine, as well as being everyone’s favorite dessert flavoring. Stress-relieving, rejuvenating, while giving us the extra punch of esprit. It’s hard to deny honey’s importance in the history of mankind. Its status as a long-lasting nourishment makes …
Every time the term ‘luxury sedan’ gets thrown around, we’d usually associate it with European brands, sailing all the way across the sea from their homeland to Indonesia, to meet prospective buyers – and to become market leaders. Few of us would associate the term with other regions. Today’s 300C owner is among the few who did just that – …
Agility. Precision. Enthusiasm. Road-going Ferrari’s have always been the irreplaceable, definite, and absolutely-perfect embodiment of Italian race cars for the streets. Uncompromisingly built for the thrills of speed, with designs and aeros that follow functions, not the other way around. Every single inch of the car has been tuned for a better overall performance, while every single interior piece has …
Like a gust of wind travelling through the valley. As effortless as rays of lights, coming from above, falling down, brighting up the dense rain forests below. Full of grace, full of inner strength, unstoppable, covered with beauties for every eye that sees. An elegant, grandeur appearance that hides all the courage within. The new Bentley Flying Spur W12 has …
The new-generation 3 Series has become an ever-so-popular choice among modern tuning enthusiasts with its more powerful, easier to tune, turbocharged engines. The introduction of such ‘forced induction’ performance-booster straight off the factory means that it is now far easier to achieve higher output figures from the 3-Series, through simple bolt-on upgrades. A characteristic that most OEM turbocharged models carry. …
Imagine that you’ve been doing work outside, today. A very hot day, guaranteed to turn anyone into a sweat-drenched soak. You seek for refreshments, but a mere iced water won’t do. So what’s it going to be? For me, coconut water is the best answer. Fresh, natural and energizing. A common sight on beaches, coconuts are among the list of …
A true compact performer that’ll never be forgotten. Following the release of MINI’s new F56, the company has shoved-in a massive 2.0L engine into the new Cooper S engine bay. Bigger and more powerful, majorly support its ever-expanding body size. This leaves today’s R56 Cooper S as the final ‘true compact’ performer with its tinier 1.6L engine and shorter wheelbase. …
9th Live Tour ~ Begin Again ~, is the ninth Japanese concert and fifth dome tour by South Korean pop duo Tohoshinki. – Heart, Mind and - – Tone, Time and - With Tour. The South Korean pop duo TVXQ have embarked on thirteen headlining concert tours, one of The duo held their first worldwide concert, the Catch Me: Live World Tour . The 3rd Asia Tour “Mirotic” was the third international concert tour of the South Korean pop group TVXQ!, in line with their fourth studio album, Mirotic. 5 Oct - 8 min - Uploaded by Bambii0u0 Mix - TVXQ 4th Live Tour Box in the ship Tour Special EditionYouTube. Love and Hate.
Although I wouldn't consider 2015 to be one of our best years, it is nice to see that we did have some lovely moments and created some special memories.
The most popular posts were mainly our personal celebrations and holidays. I love having this space to document all of these amazing moments. Also my favourite subject of interiors was a winner with a sprinkling of fashion thrown in.
4. Our home in Adore Magazine - After the disaster of our floors getting flooded and having to move out for a couple of months while everything was repaired and renovated, it was great to have our house featured in Adore Magazine and have everything look so fresh and pretty!
5. Recipe for Pimms, White Wine Sangria, Rocky Road Cheesecake - these are our favourite drinks to serve at celebrations at our house. Find the recipes and also one for this delicious cheesecake here
6. Lately - July - It was a month of ups and downs. We had a birthday in the house and Finn suffered a major eye injury and lost the vision in one eye. It was very traumatic for us all and we all took a few months to come to terms with everything. Life has moved on but we are all still dealing with the changes and he has more operations to come next year. Read here
7. Decorating our home for Christmas - It's our favourite time of the year and I love making the house look festive. I pulled out my old favourite decorations and a few new ones. You can see how the house looked over Christmas here
9. Room Tour - a fresh modern nursery - this nursery was a favourite this year with it's calm, neutral theme. You can see all the photos here
10. 13 - our gorgeous boy turned 13 and suddenly we had a teenager in the house! See how we celebrated Finn's birthday here
11. 11 of my favourite things to decorate kids rooms - kids bedrooms are always a fun space to decorate. Plus it's about the balance of what you like aesthetically and what the child likes. Instagram was my go to this year to discover new brands for kids rooms. You can how I decorate the boys rooms and my favourite products here
14. Mum's birthday and how to make a Raspberry/Malteser icecream cake - this cake is a family favourite and so easy to make. The flavour combinations are amazing!
15. Wednesday's Wish List - this was a fashion post and all about some new additions for my Spring wardrobe. You can see what I was wishing for here
Labels: 15 most popular blog posts, blog posts, celebrations, honey and fizz blog, looking back on 2015, memories, my fashion, my life
*Latin Bridge in Sarajevo* 📚 L i f e Hello everyone! How are you? I've had 2 lectures today and both were okay. Turkish was so much fun, and US&T was not so boring😂 Also, I've bought a new highlighter today because why not😂😂😂 📚 P h o t o The photo was taken on the Latin Bridge in Sarajevo, and this bridge (ćuprija) is famous as the assassination spot - Gavrilo Princip assassinated the Archduke Franz Ferdinand, heir of the Austro-Hungarian throne, in 1914, which led to the First World War. Fascinating, isn't it? The First World War started in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. 😂😁 📚 Q O T D: Do you like history? What is your favorite historical period? 📚 A O T D: I LOVE history, and my favorite periods are the Middle Age (especially Bosnian Kingdom during Middle Age), Ancient Greece and Roman Empire😍 ________________________________________ #book #books #bookish #bookstagram #bookstagrammer #bookish #bookmark #bibliophile #Bookstagramfeatures #bookishfeatures #mybookfeatures #reading #readingcommunity #bookshelf #shelfie #bookshelfie #bookinhand #bookoutside #latinbridge #sarajevo #bosniaandherzegovina #gavriloprincip #franzferdinand #balkanbookstagram #bookstagrambalkan #dorothykoomson
Not Kilroy, actually, but Ygarzabal, and Laxague and Goytia and Ibarriet. The writing on the trees is perfectly clear, if you can read Euskara, the Basque tongue: "Felix Arospide was here in 1897." "Josto Sarria, August 1962."
"Long live the sheepherders," proclaims a tree in Elko County, Nevada, "the ones who can take this place."
Wherever there have been sheep in the mountainous parts of the American West, there have been sheepherders from the Basque country of Europe. And for well over a century now, in the aspen groves at the edges of high country sheep meadows, names and dates and drawings and even poetry have been carved into the aspens, some of the text in Spanish, a little in French, but much in Euskara, a language long forbidden by government officials back home in France and Spain.
And most common of all are sentiments along these lines: "Hooray for the whores of America. Long live the whores of Biscay as well!"
Most Basque shepherds in the United States were not shepherds back in Europe, and Basque people back in Europe did not carve pictures and smutty sayings into the bark of Basque trees. In America, however, the loneliness and tedium of life in the wilderness with sheep led resourceful people to innovate. For example, on a mountainside above Lake Tahoe, at the edge of a meadow with a multi-million-dollar view, a shepherd took his knife to a large aspen and inscribed: "I'm bored and we sheepherders lack a woman."
Aspen trees live no more than about eighty years, and the trees selected for carving were usually large and already mature. Old-style sheepherding ended in America around 1970, so most of the Basque carvings are dead or dying now, falling to the ground and rotting.
"I am not coming back here," says one sun-bleached log near a Montana lake. "Except to fish, maybe."
Imagery on this site is available for re-use under the terms of the Creative Commons Non-Commercial license. Please credit and/or link to Hole in the Clouds.
We never sell copies or reproductions of any kind; this photo has been hand-signed by Jemaine Clement.
home | about us | contact us | show my cartCopyright © 1997-2018 TopPix Autographs Corp., All Rights Reserved.
Please select the category that most closely reflects your concern about the video, so that we can review it and determine whether it violates our Community Guidelines or isn’t appropriate for all viewers. Abusing this feature is also a violation of the Community Guidelines, so don’t do it.
343 have recently announced a new DLC for Halo 4. The DLC, named Halo 4 Champions Bundle, will set you back 800 MSP and feature 3 packs.
Firstly 2 new multiplayer maps and some skins in a pack called the Bullseye Pack (sold at 480MSP outside of the Bundle): Pitfall, basically The Pit from Halo 3, and Vertigo.
Next to come are their new skins. Infinity Armour Pack and Steel Skin Pack (both sold at 240 outside the bundle) are those and they offers us a chance to reskin our spartans and weapons to really stand out in multiplayer.
I have attached the press release they sent so you guys can have a read and see what they are offering as well as adding a gallery of the screens.
LONDON, Monday 8th July, 2013 — 343 Industries has announced the fourth major expansion in the “Halo” Infinity Multiplayer experience, with the “Halo 4” Champions Bundle launching Tuesday 20th August. Developed in collaboration with Certain Affinity, the Champions Bundle includes three DLC Packs (Bullseye Pack, Infinity Armour Pack and Steel Skin Pack), plus bonus content that contains more than 18 brand new, in-game items available for a limited time and exclusive to the bundle.
·Bullseye Pack: Two new multiplayer maps, a sports-themed Spartan armour and a new competitive gravball game type called Ricochet
Releasing the same day as the Champions Bundle, each individual DLC Pack will also be available on Xbox Live as standalone offers. The Bullseye Pack will be available for 480 MS Points, and the Infinity Armour Pack and Steel Skin Pack will be available for 240 MS Points each. The bonus content is only available for a limited time exclusively through the Champions Bundle.
Enhance your War Games experience with three all-new content packs for one special price3, plus limited-time exclusive bonus content only available for those who purchase the “Halo 4” Champions Bundle. The bonus content gives you an excellent selection of upgrades, including an armour mod called the Resistor Tactical Package, new weapon skins, new armour skins and new Spartan stances for your player card. And, with the “Halo 4” Champions Bundle, you get the three content packs as well: the Infinity Armour Pack sets your Spartan up with legendary new armour; the Steel Skin Pack brings elaborate steampunk style to your UNSC, Covenant, and Forerunner weapons; and the Bullseye Pack delivers two new maps, a sports-themed Spartan armour, and two week early-access4 to an insane new competitive gravball game type called “Ricochet”. A description of the armour mod is below:
·Resistor Tactical Package: The Resistor Package is a specialised armour mod that allows Spartans to maintain their full mobility and dexterity while taking incoming fire.
Dive headfirst into the exciting Bullseye Pack, which includes the brand new Ricochet game type and two new maps, Pitfall and Vertigo. In addition, Bullseye offers an entirely new armour set based on the Ricochet game type. A description of the new maps, game type, and armour mods is below:
·NEW Game Type – Ricochet: For nearly a century, gravball competitions have held sway over most competitive sports across the breadth of human-occupied space. Historically, UNSC drill instructors have utilised a variant called Ricochet, where fast-paced combat simulations occur in sync with the classic, frenetic scoring competition. Protect your team’s goal and score in the other team’s goal. Running the ball into the goal earns you 50 points, while throwing the ball into the goal gets you 20 points. First team to 150 points wins.
·NEW Map – Vertigo: Vertigo is a small, asymmetrical map that any Slayer or Extraction fan will love. Opposing Spartans aren’t the only thing you have to worry about in this small experimental tension conductor facility. This map is hiding a secret: Vertigo brings you the first dynamic event in a Halo multiplayer map in a very long time; the map hides a trigger point, that when shot at depletes the shields of all Spartans within range.
·NEW Map – Pitfall: As a remake of the “Halo 3” map, ‘The Pit’, Pitfall has new features based on pro and community feedback for increased pace and flow. The map is small, symmetrical and mostly open with strategically placed cover points.
Stand out on the battlefield: from legendary Mjolnir and Special Forces armour to the ancient Forerunner mail of an era long passed, now is the time to update your “Halo 4” Spartan. With the Infinity Armour Pack, you get access to the vintage Mark V armour of “Halo: Combat Evolved,” the rugged armour worn by the battle-hardened ODSTs, and a hybrid Forerunner armour system used by their civilization’s Prefects more than 100,000 years ago.
With the Steel Skin Pack, stylise your favourite loadouts with the most elaborate and impressive “Halo 4” weapon skins to date. Inspired by classic steampunk aesthetics, the Steel Skin Pack covers the gamut with ten UNSC, Covenant and Forerunner weapons, grafting vivid, dynamic plating and textures across your weapon-of-choice. [/toggle_box]
Jackie Romine Walburn -- writer, editor, author-in-the-making, communications and public affairs professional -- seeks creative opportunities and increased knowledge of constantly changing communication strategies and tools.
The last time I read a column by Hollis Curl -- Camden, Ala.’s Wilcox Progressive Era editor and publisher who died last week -- I remember thinking, I ought to call or write Hollis to say “excellent column” and see how he’s doing. He’d been sick for a while.
But, I didn’t make the call or send the note. And, I learned, again, the lesson of doing that thing you think of doing when you think of it. That’s because now it’s too late.
Hollis, who I’ve known almost as long as I’ve been a reporter/writer, always wrote excellent columns. He named his “For What It’s Worth” and won many awards for his musings.
A straight-to-the-point newspaperman, Hollis Curl published The Wilcox Progressive Era for more than 40 years. His column and the newspaper’s editorials written by him ran side by side with the small-town news staples like club news, school honor listings, pictures of giant vegetables and, always in Wilcox County, sportsmen posing with big deer or youngsters with first-time game.
But it was through his column and the newspaper’s editorials that Hollis had his greatest impact on Wilcox County and beyond.
I had to smile when I read the story about Hollis by Tom Gordon of The Birmingham News. Quoting from an earlier interview, the story stated the editor/publisher never worried about complaints or disgruntled readers (and there were a few over the years). Rather, Hollis said it was a “mistake to confuse me with someone who gives a damn, because I really don’t.”
Classic Hollis. You could count on Hollis to say or write something controversial, sometimes because he felt so strongly about it, and sometimes just because he could. And often, what he said and wrote came with a tongue-in-cheek sense of humor.
The years I worked in corporate communications for Wilcox County’s largest employer, I’d be at the restaurant in Camden with some visiting business person from the West Coast and introduce them to Hollis, our local newspaper editor. He’d smile at us and get that gleam in his eye, then he’d let fly some seemingly-innocent-but-definitely-not-PC-by-West-Coast-standards comment. Then he’d chuckle and say, “Nice to meet ‘ya." Classic Hollis.
But M. Hollis Curl – who probably could care less if most people agreed with what he wrote or not or if he ticked somebody off -- did give a damn about the things he gave a damn about.
These things include his family, wife Glenda, their children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren. And, he cared a lot, too, about Wilcox County’s J. Paul Jones Hospital, one of the few rural lifelines still serving Alabama’s Blackbelt. He promoted the hospital in every way possible in his weekly newspaper and as a well-cared-for patient when he got sick.
And Hollis was passionate about the restoration of the Gee’s Bend Ferry, which he wrote and politicked about until it finally happened in 2006. The newly-built terminal for the ferry, which continues to get attention because of its link to the getting-more-famous Quilts of Gee’s Bend, is named for M. Hollis Curl. His family held visitation there before services last week at the historic Canton Bend United Methodist Church.
There was just one M. Hollis Curl, as news-folks across Alabama know. His words, his attitude and his presence will be missed.
The Monday before Hollis died, folks in Camden gathered to remember another local legend, Cleo Holley Gaston.
Miss Cleo and her late husband Cecil ran the famed Bassmaster Inn and restaurant in Camden for years. Their sons, David, Charlie and Larry, continue the hospitality tradition. They own restaurants in multiple counties and can cook most any kind of delicious food for as many people as needed. And the burley threesome of brothers – and their children and extended families – loved Miss Cleo with a devotion to make any mother proud.
Their mother taught her sons about hospitality and giving in the best way possible, by example. If someone needs help, if there’s something these Gastons can do for those in need, it’s done. And that’s just one of the many reasons Camden cherished Cleo Gaston.
My family fishes from our pier on Pine Barron Creek in this picture from 2005. With all the rain, the pier last weekend was covered almost to the top of the solar light atop the pole at center of the picture And, the light's still shining!
Writer, editor, communications and public affairs professional. Mother, wife, daughter, friend, author-in-the-making. Contact at jackie.walburn@gmail.com, through Facebook or post a comment here.
New three-story 36,800 s.f. office building and four-story 64,200 s.f. parking garage in Austin. The first floor includes a branch bank and the upper two floors are office space. The concrete parking garage has a connecting pedestrian bridge to the office on the second floor. Local limestone veneer and aluminum composite panels are used as sustainable exterior finishes.
[13:07] <mikestir_M0MKS> it perked up for a bit here but just as someone decided to drive a spark-gap transmitter down the road
[13:19] <Geoff-G8DHE> the payloads look very light and the balloon is 2000g so scope for lots of swayin I guess
[13:19] <db_g6gzh> X0 is an import from habitat to the ukhasnet map to show the position but BALL1 is a ukhasnet node
[13:47] <bertrik> PE2G: I put it on fast (but haven't had a successful decode yet, only partial ones)
[13:50] <bertrik> on the waterfall I see two rather thin lines, I'd expect more wide one because of the higher baud rate
[14:04] <jcoxon_> is anyone within say 50km of hte balloon got a sdr that they can tune to 869.500 and have a look for BALL1 signal
[14:31] <Geoff-G8DHE> craag_philcrump, Just tried your tracker in FF32 and it crashes FF, loads map, loads stations then crunch.
[15:55] <PA0RPA> Thanks, may be some help from radio amateurs for them in designing a good antenna ??
[16:00] <PA0RPA> Is it a good idea to put the transmitting frequency on the tab of the balloon on the website ??????
[16:01] <Geoff-G8DHE> No because it sometimes changes at the last minute so its better to ask in here!
[16:03] <Geoff-G8DHE> It happened this afternoon X0 was documented to be on 434.66 but changed after the Doc was created to 434.05 it was only corrected when some one with admin auth. heard it and had time to change which was about 2 hours into the flight!
[16:10] <PA3WEG> OK, I did already use the bot, but do not know how to link a flight to a payload. i.e. clustering multiple payloads on one flight etc
[16:17] <PA3WEG> as last year, I intend to stream, with the balloon video, also the transponder audio
[16:19] <PA3WEG> this year, I also contacted the organisers, they should be aware of the stream and I will also be relaying the video to the local ATV repeater for further distribution. But all best effort.
[17:20] <aadamson> x-f, when you gen a hysplit you want to use AMSL not AGL (unless you want to adjust the altitude which is above sea level to above ground level)
[17:27] <aadamson> when you select AMSL, it goesn't show AGL... but now I'm going to have to go do one just to remember
[17:35] <aadamson> and so from that, you'd say that ground is approx 107m high as that's the difference from 7500 and 7393 for example
[18:37] <daveake> He has a notam / they're aware of it / Steve has to call ATC to launch so no issue
[18:51] <amell> yes looks like he probably did. theres a ground fix on the map. as long as it wasnt up a tall tree.
[19:03] <RocketBoy> cant really comment on them - perhaps becuse I laid the payloads on the ground for a bit and sat lock got shaky
[19:06] <RocketBoy> but the bottom payload was hanging down - just managed to jump and catch the entenna
[19:07] <RocketBoy> the chute was stuck in the tree for a bit - but then it fell down of its own accord - simples
[19:08] <RocketBoy> I think it was becuse I had got the telescopic ples out by that time - and it must of got scared
[19:21] <daveake> We had some police and ambulance helicopters around before launch yesterday - head-on accident half a mile down the road from here
[19:24] <gonzo_> apparemtly it was due at the bournemouth airshow last weekend, but didn't appear for some tech reason
[19:24] <amell> gonzo_: there is one over from canada, i thought it was flying today. Yes, one of the engines had to be replaced.
[19:45] <amell> thats how ray hanna flew the spit. i recall him flying one through the pit lane at goodwood once. they went ballistic.
[19:47] <Rebounder> is there some info on the layers done by hyplist on spacenearus? quite a lot of preds and for 3z* they are very different
[20:08] <lz1dev> essentually you get prediction for slightly lower alt, slighly higher, slighly west.. east... north etc
[21:54] <Geoff-G8DHE> Airpano are a brilliant team its well worth looking around there other stuff, which include a balloon flight as well!
Three years ago I hired Jake from Habitat Solutions to examine my property and to give me his advice on how I could improve the habitat, so that I could harvest mature bucks. It was the best thing I could have possibly done!!! Thanks Jake and QDMA!!
Having Jake (Habitat Solutions) out to my place was the best decision I could have made (aside from buying the property). The comprehensive plan Jake put together for me saved many, many years of trial and error and indecision from my process of creating a whitetail paradise.
I’ve owned my own place for 3 years now, and while the deer hunting and sightings have been good, like most of us, I wanted better! I’d learned as much as I could take in over those few years and quickly realized that I couldn’t quite decide on a great overall plan, I was more doing a little of this here and a little of that there. Combine that with the fact that I have just under half of my place to build from a blank, barren field and I quickly realized that I needed some help! That’s where Jake and Habitat Solutions came into play. In just the one day that Jake was out, he gave me a full summers worth of work, even without having the plan in place. While Jake was creating the plan, I spent all spring, summer and early fall working on the basics per his recommendations. By the time the completed plan arrived, I could only get a few of the areas ready before I try to let things settle leading up to the season, but that didn’t seem to matter. In the first year, even without a full implementation of the plan or the benefit of any regeneration from the summers work, quality of sits was up. I was already seeing (and in easy shooting range) more 2.5 year old bucks than all previous seasons combined and things were starting to get a little more predicable in terms of the deer’s movements, along with a large increase in daytime feeding and sightings. Now, with a complete plan in hand, I look forward to the upcoming habitat season to progress things even further!
In the first season, I was able to harvest this nice 2.5 year old 8-point in a place and time that followed the script of what Jake had told me, almost verbatim. Ironically, we were standing almost in the exact spot that I shot the deer when Jake told me how it would all play out! After taking this deer, I was able to pass on multiple, larger 2.5’s, waiting on a 3.5, something I haven’t been able to do in past seasons. Even without the work complete, things have improved 10 fold,
Ed and I just wanted to Thank you for all the ideas that Habitat Solutions has given us on our property. From the first time that we saw your presentation at a local seed mill, we knew you were the one to get our deer-hunting land rejuvenated. The QDMA strategies that you suggested, including Food Plots, Hinge-Cutting, Sanctuaries, Bedding Areas, Balanced Buck/Doe Ratios has really paid off with our success. Not only are we seeing more deer, but quality sized Bucks and larger Doe Groups. We appreciate you answering all of our questions regarding Deer Habitat and Management. If we can do it successfully on 13 acres, anyone can do it. Here is a 12 point that I harvested back on Nov. 16, 2010. We had him on our Trail Cams many times feeding in our Food Plots. We had another larger Buck on our Trail Cams during daylight hours. Without your help, this trophy wouldn’t be hanging on my wall. Thanks again to Habitat Solutions for making this possible.
Last year, my father and I purchased a 41 acre parcel of land in a Quality Deer Management Area located in Ionia, Michigan. As a dedicated father and son combination, we wanted to turn our investment into our own slice of “whitetail heaven.” We have leases in various other parts of West Michigan, which have proved successful throughout the years and provided us with numerous lifelong memories. However, leasing is not like owning your own land in which the topography is yours to mold and shape as desired. As a borderline obsessed student of hunting, I thought I knew exactly what needed to be done to this property based on the thousands of hours I have spent reading about whitetail hunting and habitat management. I knew I needed the following: bedding, water, structure, destination food plots, “killing” plots, smooth access in and out of stands, smart stand locations based on various wind conditions/rut phase, mock scrapes, minimized pressure, and security cover to name a few. To be honest, I, like most diehard hunters thought I had everything figured out. I was dead wrong! Before we “broke ground” on our property we found Jake Ehlinger, and his company Habitat Solutions. In all seriousness, Jake taught my father and I more about whitetail habitat management in one day than our whole life experience to date. In our defense, my dad and I were knowledgeable, but Jake’s delivery, philosophy, passion, and tactics were humbling and forever changed the way we look at habitat management and whitetail hunting.
Upon meeting Jake, my dad and I were immediately drawn in by Jake’s sheer passion for helping others achieve their hunting and habitat goals. Jake was punctual, articulate, friendly, and prepared. The method in which Jake conducts his business is conducive to both parties. Even before consulting at your property Jake loves to get to know a bit about you and your goals via phone, so he can best service your needs. I vividly remember Jake asking us, “Now…what are your goals exactly, and what do you have in mind for this property?” Accordingly, we told Jake our goals, thoughts, and what we thought needed to be done. He excitedly responded, “Exactly, Perfect…lets walk a bit.” I bring this up to make a very important point about Jake and his services. Jake will listen, digest, and then respectfully suggest his ideas. Unlike other companies and individuals who have a strict philosophy of “my way is the only way, and this is what you must do,” Jake is open-minded and wants to work with clients, not tell/force them what to do.
Upon walking our property for 4-5 hours in the rain and 30 degree temperatures, Jake provided us his thoughts in conjunction with the ideas we had. His suggestions never even crossed my mind! They were simple yet so profound. We immediately realized the advice we received was priceless. After walking our land, Jake drafted our own unique habitat plan and architecturally designed layout of our property. He provided us a pacing guide to help us determine which steps needed to be taken first to put the ball in motion. We took his philosophy and ran with it. With Jake’s personal support we made the following habitat changes to our property in just four months: we have roughly 5 “kill” plots, 2 destination feed fields, a pond, 15 apple trees, hundreds of mock scrapes, 18 stand locations, 4-5 acres of hinge-cut timber, we planted 430 three foot pine trees to diversify structure, break up food plots, and provide bedding, and have 8 acres of bedding in the form of switch-grass. With our combination of annual and perennial plots, hinge-cutting, and increased bedding we took a decent property and transformed it into one deer call home and feel 100% comfortable living on.
Lastly, I want to take a moment and speak upon the character of Jake Ehlinger, and his passion for aiding others in their whitetail endeavors. Like many services, people buy the service, it is provided, then it is completed. Jake is different. He welcomes and enjoys speaking to his past clients about their successes and is willing to elaborate, theorize, and answer any questions you have about your property, and the whitetail habitat plan he provides. Jake’s 20 plus years of experimentation and study upon his own “deer factory” is worth its weight in gold. Jake and Habitat Solutions are second to none.
I got my shot Saturday AM. He came thru the plot at my house just as I planned cruising for does. Ended up stopping at 15 yards and watched him go down. Dressed out at 155lbs. Thanks again for the direction you have sent me with your knowledge and awesome seed.
I am so thankful for your help on my property. In one season of work I have already seen leaps in deer activity and to top it all off I shot my best buck so far on 11-04-2012 chasing does out of my food plot in the back. I put sorghum around the perimeter and fingers into the plot like you suggested. I never saw bucks in there during daylight until I did that. I was outside of plot about 65 yards, he chased does out and stopped broadside at 20 and booyah!
I shot a nice buck last night; I was on my way to the stand when I saw a deer out across the bottom. He was almost a mile away and I could see he had horns so I figured it had to be a good buck. He had hot doe with him so I knew I had a chance to get close enough for a shot. I walked across a corn field and a bean field then crawled across our bean field that is across from the wheat. I was able to crawl within 200 yards of them. They never even looked over at me. I could see he was narrow but had a lot of length and had 10 points so I decided I had come to far not to shoo t. I connected on two shots and dropped it. When I got up to the deer I was disappointed for about a second when I realized it was a young deer I had lots of pictures of during velvet and planed on letting go. The disappointment did not last long though because it is the biggest horned deer I had ever killed. He green scored 128 6/8 even with a broken brow tine and a width of only 12 6/8 inches. I have included a picture of a nice 9 and a velvet picture of the buck I killed. I have not had him aged yet but I think he is 2 1/2 what do you think.
I told you when we met that my goal was to shoot a 2 1/2 year old buck. I believe I met that goal. There was some ground shrinkage though, I thought he was an 8 point, he doesn’t have brows, so he is a 6. The first day of October I sat in a stand between two plots. I had a spike walk under my tree at 9:00. At 10:00 I looked down and seen a deer about 20 yards away. He had his head down and I couldn’t see if it was a buck. I did notice that he looked big. He turned his head a little and I see horns, I thought that I saw 4 on the side I was looking at. He was defiantly bigger than any buck I had ever taken. At that point I quit looking at the horns and concentrated on picking my bow up and getting turned around. I got the bow and he walked around the backside of my tree, I had to completely turn around. When I peeked around the tree he kept looking at me and I kept trying to hide behind the tree. I still hadn’t taken another look at the horns. I did look at the body and was sure that he was older than 1 1/2. He stepped out behind a small White Pine and I came to full draw, he looked up at me, and I hit the release. The arrow floated thru the opening, I was sure I seen the fletching disappear in his shoulder. He then took three jumps and stopped and stood there (amazing how much doubt comes through your mind in 2 seconds). After about 2 seconds he stumbled, he then turned around and made a jump back the way he came. He didn’t land on his feet, he disappeared in the grass. He ended up about 20 yards from where I hit him. My season has been a total success.
I then pulled the cards from the cameras, as I was walking (dragging) by them anyhow. I had 7 different bucks in one plot in two days. Three of them were bigger than the one I shot. The one I shot actually wasn’t in any of the pictures. I had never seen him before. All the bucks in the pictures are in the dark though. My goal is now a 3 1/2 or better.
I have hunted 4 or 5 times on the property since. I have seen a 1 1/2 year old 6 point a couple times. He came in and sniffed my climbing sticks one morning. I have not seen deer one time and have seen up to 6 on the best morning. The leaves are now falling off and I am seeing how thick my property is not. I got a lot of work to do!!
The information provided by Jake really helped improve my Deer Habitat & Food Plots. I was able to transfer my property from a park like setting, into a lush Deer Sanctuary. Where the Deer felt comfortable to move around at all times of the day. With Jake’s knowledge of creating Deer Bedding areas next to Food Plots, I was able to take a Beautiful Michigan 8-Point Buck this year.
Watch a short video series of the 7 key elements your property must have to attract and hold mature bucks
A traumatized police officer and a traumatized war dog (German Shepherd Maggie) help each other get back to full life while working on the case that killed the officer's partner.
This sounds sappy but is not. It occasionally shows the dog's point of view and it is as canine as one could wish. This is nothing like the Rita Mae Brown series where the animals sound like little people talking to each other. Having had to learn something about how dogs think in order to manage a boisterous pack at our house, this book felt really "true."
The mystery is, as many reviewers have noted, telegraphed early on and, frankly, for me that was the least interesting part of the book. However, I appreciated the way that Crais added touches of humanity to characters who usually are handled in a stock fashion. A small time criminal's grief over his brother's death especially comes to mind.
The real story though is that of Scott and Maggie, each equally tough and vulnerable and needing a new pack in order to survive.
I was going to give this three stars but it has stuck with me to the point where I was recommending it to a gentleman who brought his Chihuhua to the grocery store today. I can do no less than give it a star for memorability.
Jewelry made of the highest quality silver, known as the 925 in jewelry. It is free of nickel, cadmium and lead.
Ausnahmslos kurze Namen finden sich in der Liste der beliebtesten männlichen Vornamen. Ben, Leon, Lukas oder Finn sind beliebte Jungennamen. Oder Jonas, Luis, Paul, Luca. Und mittendrin: Maximilian. Ein sehr alter und klassischer Vorname und mit zehn Buchstaben nicht eben ein kurzer Jungenname. Aber sehr beliebt. Noch beliebter als die Abkürzung von Maximilian: Max. Darüber hinaus gibt es eine Vielzahl von Varianten des Namens Maximilian. Die Redaktion von WelcherName.de, dem großen bedienungsfreundlichen Namensverzeichnis, hat sich auf die Suche nach der Geschichte von Maximilian gemacht.
It may sound a bit strange, but the idea came to me when baking my Beetroot Red Velvet Cake. I was wondering whether there are more vegetables suitable to bake with? I really liked the moistness the beetroot added to the Red Velvet Cake and that was what I was searching for. Only I didn’t want to end up with a heavy cake (which the Beetroot Red Velvet Cake almost was, though very moist) but light and fresh. So cucumber was the obvious choice for me 😉
To give it all even more freshness I added lime. This combination is really great, although it tastes a bit vegetable-y the freshness of both the cucumber and lime really make these cupcakes special! Topped with lime and cucumber cream cheese frosting really complements the cupcakes as it needed that little sweetness on top 😉 Therefore I made both a lime frosting and a cucumber frosting which I filled together into a piping bag to get a swirl of both flavors 🙂 Optically I highlighted the cucumber frosting by adding a little green food coloring.
To tell you the truth, it took me 4 attempts to create the perfect frosting! I don’t know what went wrong, but all of the frosting I was making were just way too thin and spread all over the cupcake without holding their shape… It looked quite nice, though, cause the white and green part still worked and you ended up with marbled cupcakes. So the ones who prefer that, just make a thin frosting 😛 As I ran out of icing sugar (gosh, how is that even possible???) I had to wait another day to make my frosting again… and this time with a hole new recipe and it worked out just fine and as I was imagine it 🙂 So happy times 😀
Peel the cucumber and cut into quarters. Get rid of the inner part of the cucumbers as these would add to much water to our cupcake mixture.
Start rasping the cucumber very finely. You could do that with a food processor of course, but I happen to have none (yet) so I did it manually and just finely grated the vegetable.
I gave the grated cucumber into a strainer and added some salt, which will help to release water from the cucumbers.
Finely peel the skin of one lime and set it aside. Be careful not to peel too much, as the white bits would be bitter.
Add the cucumber and dry ingredients in turn to the butter-sugar-egg mixture and beat until well combined.
Prepare some paper cases and spoon the same amount of cupcake batter (makes about 15) into them to ensure even baking.
Bake for 25 minutes in an 180°C oven (or 160ºC in an convection oven) or until a cake tester will come out clean.
Slowly add the icing sugar one spoon at a time until all is combined. The frosting will look pretty stiff, but we are still about to add some liquid ;)
One bowl will become your lime frosting: Add the zest of one lime and 2 Tsp of Lime juice. Cream it all together and set aside.
The other bowl will become your cucumber frosting: Add 2 Tsp of the cucumber juice and a little green food coloring, just to distinguish the two frostings optically 😉
Give both frostings into a piping bag. They should lie next to each other in the piping bag, like in a two-colored toothpaste 😛
If you have any left-over lime zest or happen to have a third one laying around, you could sprinkle some on top of your cupcakes 😉
Slowly add the icing sugar one spoon at a time until all is combined. The frosting will look pretty stiff, but we are still about to add some liquid 😉
Thanks a lot Alyssa 😀 I think it would be great for the summer, so refreshing 🙂 Well, if you like Cucumber 😛
They look so refreshing. Like something you’d eat right after a workout, or is that just me!? 😆 Love the taste combo too, I like cucumbers so I’d love this.
They’ve been featured on todays Sugar & Slice Sunday. Thanks for linking up. I do hope you’ll stop by and share again.
Thanks so much Lisa! Can’t believe that I was featured at you link party 🙂 Really happy about it!!! Take care 🙂
Last night, the opening ceremony of the tenth channel film and television season and the first min Tai film week was held in the comprehensive experimentation area in Pingtan. The scene showed a wonderful cultural program of Fujian and Taiwan to show the friendship between the two sides of the Taiwan Straits. It is understood that, from today, the film week will begin for tBao Chengke the DPP boosted the ban on flag referendum is plhe first time for the first 7 days, showing more than 70 excellent films in Fuzhou, Pingtan, Quanzhou and Zhangzhou.
Through interactive exhibits, our visitors will learn the essential role of every individual for the future of water conservation, stormwater capture, water recycling and the management of our solid resources. Visitors to the Environmental Learning Center will be inspired to become future stewards of the environment.
Over the years Eyes + Words has turned into a wonderful budding family of over fifteen thousand people across all platforms. It’s surreal and humbling to know that the art of poetry and story is alive and thriving. That being said, I hope that the creation of the Eyes + Words Writers Group serves as a vehicle and launch pad to help and support writers and the aspiring ones to keep manifesting words that many out there are searching for everyday. So go on and contribute, lets elevate together. Everyone is encouraged to share their experiences with anything involving writing.
Love this! Your words resonated perfectly, hoping something will change but having no control to change it. 🙂
Enter your email address to follow E + W and receive notifications of new poetry, stories and events by email.
タイトル Changes to the report on our facility management plan for Unit 1-4 of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Station based on the "Policy on the Mid-term Security"
Status of TEPCO's Nuclear Power Stations after the Tohoku-Chihou-Taiheiyou-Oki Earthquake [Daily Report as of 3
Status of TEPCO's Nuclear Power Stations after the Tohoku-Chihou-Taiheiyou-Oki Earthquake[Daily Report as of 3
As a family member searching for Jewish History or a student researching Jewish History you will find a tremendous amount of research and Jewish historical data available. Millions of Jewish History records have been compiled including Jewish Cemetery Records, Jewish Tombstone Inscriptions with Hebrew headstone translations. See many photos of Jewish Cemeteries, Jewish Tombstones and read inscriptions dating back hundreds of years. Whether you are building a family tree or simply researching your Jewish History you will find Jewish death records, Ellis Island Jewish Passenger Lists and Social Security historical data. Research your Jewish History and discover your Jewish ancestry. Visit Jewish Cemeteries around the world and see original Hebrew inscriptions and translations. Learn, know and pass down your Jewish History to the next generation.
The Kosher Gourmet by Megan Gordon With its colorful cache of purples and oranges and reds, COLLARD GREEN SLAW is a marvelous mood booster --- not to mention just downright delish
The Kosher Gourmet by Julie Rothman Almondy, flourless torta del re (Italian king's cake), has royal roots, is simple to make, . . . but devour it because it's simply delicious
Dana Dovey: Up to 500,000 people die each year from hepatitis C-related liver disease. New Treatment Has Over 90% Success Rate
Samuel G. Freedman: A resolution 70 years later for a father's unsettling legacy of ashes from Dachau
The Kosher Gourmet by Daniel Neman Have yourself a matzo ball: The secrets bubby never told you and recipes she could have never imagined
The Kosher Gourmet by Marlene Parrish A gift of hazelnuts keeps giving --- for a variety of nutty recipes: Entree, side, soup, dessert
Sarah Boesveld: Teacher keeps promise to mail thousands of former students letters written by their past selves
The Kosher Gourmet by Sharon Thompson Anyone can make a salad, you say. But can they make a great salad? (SECRETS, TESTED TECHNIQUES + 4 RECIPES, INCLUDING DRESSINGS)
Dan Barry: Should South Carolina Jews be forced to maintain this chimney built by Germans serving the Nazis?
The Kosher Gourmet by Steve Petusevsky Exploring ingredients as edible-stuffed containers (TWO RECIPES + TIPS & TECHINQUES)
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com | The rhetoric of Sens. Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton about the sad state of America is reminiscent of the suspect populism of John Edwards, the millionaire lawyer who recently dropped out of the Democratic presidential race.
Barack Obama may have gone to exclusive private schools. He and his wife may both be lawyers who between them have earned four expensive Ivy League degrees. They may make about a million dollars a year, live in an expensive home and send their kids to prep school. But they are still apparently first-hand witnesses to how the American dream has gone sour. Two other Ivy League lawyers, Hillary and Bill, are multimillionaires who have found America to be a land of riches beyond most people's imaginations. But Hillary also talks of the tragic lost dream of America.
In these gloom-and-doom narratives by the well off, we less fortunate Americans are doing almost everything right, but still are not living as well as we deserve to be. And the common culprit is a government that is not doing enough good for us, and corporations that do too much bad to us.
In the new pessimistic indictment, the home mortgage meltdown has not occurred because too many speculative buyers were hoping to flip houses for quick profits. It had nothing to do with misguided attempts of government and lending institutions to put first-time buyers in homes through zero-down payments, interest-only loans, and subprime but adjustable mortgage rates  as part of liberal efforts to increase home ownership rates.
And there apparently are few Americans who unwisely borrowed against their homes a second and third time to remodel or purchase big-ticket consumer items  on the belief that their equity would always be rising faster than their debts. Nor are we to look at this downturn as part of a historical boom-and-bust cycle in the housing industry  the present low prices and non-performing loans the natural counter-response to the overpriced real estate of the last five years.
Likewise, students are failing to graduate from college because there are too few government-guaranteed student loans. We don't hear that thousands enter public universities without basic reading and mathematical skills  or that their college problems might in part be the fault of their own misplaced priorities in high school, and in part the fault of an educational system that is mostly therapeutic, offering fluffy courses and self-esteem training rather than rigorous math, science, literature and history classes. Nor is there ever mention of teachers' unions, the system of tenure, or a vapid, politically correct curriculum, as explanations why our students are not competitive in the global marketplace.
We also hear that oil prices are sky high and our own automobile industry is failing due to windfall profits and corporate greed, but there's no discussion of the fact that oil-rich autocracies like Russia, Venezuela and the Gulf monarchies have obtained a stranglehold on the global petroleum supply.
For Hillary and Barack, our automobile manufacturing crisis is not the result of uniquely lavish union health and retirement packages for American autoworkers. The government is somehow mostly to blame for Detroit's meltdown and the energy crisis, not Americans' own tastes in the 1990s for large gas-guzzlers and big homes, and their concurrent opposition to nuclear power plants, oil drilling off the coasts and in Alaska, and conservation of resources.
Wal-Mart, free trade and our debt to China also come in for blame. Neither Obama nor Clinton suggests that the middle classes of America have more purchasing power and have accumulated more consumer goods than any people in history. In reality, our acquisitiveness is a result not of corporate greed, but of our fondness for shopping at discounted warehouse mega-stores, whose goods are the result of hard work of hundreds of millions of low-paid Chinese. They not only toil long hours to make our cheap televisions and stereos, but their government lends us the money at low interest  through massive buying of U.S. government bonds  to buy their stuff in the first place.
To the extent that we have any social and legal problems from unchecked illegal immigration, it has nothing to do with the cynicism and corruption of the Mexican government that deliberately exports, exploits and profits off its own people. The problem is not the fondness for low-paid, off-the-books illegal labor among the upper-middle classes, nor the disdain for the law of illegal immigrants themselves, who crowd to the front of the immigration line. Instead, America's xenophobia, blame-casting and insensitive government have made it needlessly rough on 11 million arrivals who otherwise did us a favor by coming.
As Sens. Obama and Clinton try to outdo each other in blaming government for our lack of individual responsibility and promising solutions by raising taxes to give us more government, they offer little change and less hope.
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes what many in the media and Washington consider "must-reading". Sign up for the daily JWR update. It's free. Just click here.
Victor Davis Hanson is a classicist and military historian at the Hoover Institution, Stanford University. Comment by clicking here.
“Our project was a fundamental renovation of an old house—moving kitchen, staircase, bathrooms—within the enormous constraints of a grandfathered setting with non-conforming setbacks that could never have succeeded without input from both the architect and the builder. John knew the regulations and was with us every step of the way through the design and approval process. John is the best builder I've ever worked with, and I've worked with many in this country and abroad, both because of his own expertise and the fact that he has the best subs. I was out of the country, but trusted John's crew to interpret part of my design, which required meticulous woodworking and a lot of minute decisions that had to be made by the carpenter. The result is miraculous.” ~ Dianne O'Neal, Client
Investigation of force factors and stresses at singular points of plate elements in special cranes PDF
Theoretical research into spatial work of a steel-reinforced-concrete statically indeterminate combined structure PDF
Numerical methods for contact analysis of complex-shaped bodies with account for non-linear interface layers PDF
Development of the procedure for the estimation of reliability of reinforced concrete beams, strengthened by building up the stretched reinforcing bars under load PDF
Egyptian artist and animator, Mokhtar Talaat, created this very great stop-motion film, and being an animation aficionado and wannabe animator myself, I understand the enormous effort required to create this short piece. His story tells of a dad and daughter family team without mom, and we see a common story of a highly creative and precocious kid trying to break through dad’s work for some attention. Both are occupied with what they create, and preoccupation gives way to collaboration.
I know little of Mokhtar Talaat or his Mokaabat Studio, but I hope he creates more animation, and that he gets support from other filmmakers, musicians, and sponsors too.
Author Thomas Royal NimenPosted on 13 January 2016 26 September 2016 Categories Egypt, Film, Video & Multimedia
Next Next post: An Animated Portrayal of Life Played Out on a Bullet Timeline by Filmmaker Khaled Abdulwahed
The Golem and the Jinni — Mythological Jewish and Arab Creatures Go Bump in the New York City Night 9 July 2017
Leila was a United Methodist minister, a clinical psychologist and a lawyer. She had a Ph.D and a J.D. from Northwestern University and a M.Div from Garrett Theological Seminary
Empress Helena is determined to find the tomb of Jesus. Sylvia's family is determined to marry her off. The journey they embark on will change them both. Not long ago, Emperor Constantine ruled for toleration of Christianity and gave it a favored status in the Roman Empire. But for some Christians,like young Sylvia's parents,it was too late. They had already been martyred. For those left alive, shifting loyalties in 325 C.E. made the danger far from over. When the powerful Empress Helena decides to make a pilgrimage to Jerusalem, Sylvia, now of marriageable age, is chosen to be one of her maids. Helena must grapple with the woes of dealing with a dysfunctional family, including her son, Emperor Constantine. Will she find the empty tomb of Jesus in Jerusalem? Sylvia's family is set on marrying her off to the best suitor. But what about her dreams of love? Might there be something bigger than either has dreamed at the end of their journey? Walk into the tumultuous Roman Empire at a turning point in history,when Christianity is being tolerated, but paganism still reigns. Leila Merrell Foster, also the author of Life Among the Pagans and Life Among the Christians, is a United Methodist minister, a clinical psychologist, and a lawyer. She has a Ph.D. and a J.D. from Northwestern University and an M.Div. from Garrett Theological Seminary. She has written some 56 adult books, chapters, articles, videotape scripts, and 23 children's books.
This updated edition asks you to pack your bags. We are on our way to Asia! Learn about the highest place on Earth, the lowest place on Earth, and the biggest country in the world. Turn the pages of this book to find out: why the northern part of Russia is sometimes called a cold desert, how long it took to build the beautiful Taj Mahal in India, what makes the Dead Sea special.
Once a center of art and architecture and the birthplace of the Roman Empire, Italy retains a special place in European political and cultural life.
This updated edition asks you to pack your bags. We are on our way to Europe! Learn about the world's longest motor traffic tunnel, the largest inland sea on Earth, and the smallest country in the world. Turn the pages of this book to find out: how fjords in Norway make it possible for large ships to sail far inland, why the Eiffel Tower was built and how many people visit it each year, where the Colosseum is and how it was used.
Looks at arts and sciences of ancient Sumeria, its religious customs, and the effect it left on the Western world, describing how archaeologists discovered this lost civilization.
This updated edition asks you to pack your bags. We are on our way to Africa! Learn about the world's longest freshwater lake, the hottest place on Earth, and the longest river in the world. Turn the pages of this book to find out: when the Great Pyramid of Giza was built and why, the location of an ancient city called Timbuktu, what papyrus is and how it is used.
This updated edition asks you to pack your bags. We are on our way to Antarctica! Learn about the coldest place on Earth, a sheet of ice the size of Texas, and the largest icebergs in the world. Turn the pages of this book to find out: who Roald Amundsen was and what he discovered, why the South Pole sometimes has to be moved, how glaciers move.
Describes the history, geography, economy, language, religion, sports, arts, and people of this oil-rich country located on the northwestern shore of the Persian Gulf
In an interview with chat show host Michael Parkinson, the Prime Minister said the decision to go to war in Iraq was “made by other people” (we already knew that) but it was “made by God as well.” Which raises the question, what God? It can’t be the God of Love who says, “thou shalt not kill” therefore it can only be a war god, like Tezcatlipoca, who demands the still-beating heart, cut from the breast of sacrificial victims.
If Tony Blair was truly a man of faith he would know that ‘The Book of Proverbs’ says, ‘There be six things which the Lord hateth: Yea, seven which are an abomination unto him: Haughty eyes, a lying tongue, And hands that shed innocent blood; A heart that deviseth wicked imaginations, Feet that be swift in running to mischief; A false witness that uttereth lies, And he that soweth discord among brethren.’
Blair has committed all of these sins. His reasons for invading Iraq were proven lies and now he is bearing false witness against Iran. His arrogant actions have spilled gallons of innocent blood and in his wicked imagination it is God’s will. He runs swiftly to do the bidding of his elite masters, who reward him with money and prestige. In so doing, he has sown civil war in foreign lands and discord among brethren.
George Bush, who also receives war guidance from above said, 'God told me to strike at al Qaida and I struck them, and then he instructed me to strike at Saddam, which I did, and now I am determined to solve the problem in the Middle East.” However, he aptly described himself and Blair by saying, “Fanatics have consumed whole nations in war and genocide before leaving the stage of history. Evil men obsessed with ambition…”
As in the days of Noah, the Earth is filled with violence through men like them and they take the moral high ground while advocating mass murder. The Prime Minister should not be appearing on chat shows, but in court for his crimes. Still, he will probably be promoted to the Carlyle Group and Knighted by the Queen. So God looked upon the earth, and indeed it was corrupt; for all flesh had corrupted their way on the earth.’
Parky should have punched him and said, “God told me to…” but as Blair sayeth, “in the end there is a judgment” and unfortunately for him, it is just. ‘He that is unjust, let him be unjust still: and he which is filthy, let him be filthy still: and he that is righteous, let him be righteous still: and he that is holy, let him be holy still. ﻿And, behold, I come quickly; and my reward is with me, to give every man according as his work shall be.’ (Rev 11-12)﻿
© Copyright Illuminati News. Permission granted to re-send, post and place on web sites for non-commercial purposes, if shown with no alterations or additions. Excerpts from the article are allowed, as long as they do not distort the concept of the same article. This notice must accompany all reposting.
The Belgian FA has relegated top division clubs La Louviere and Mouscron to the third division after being refused a professional licence because of financial irregularities. Three Algerian players will be impacted by the decision: Youssef Sofiane and Mohamed Brahami of La Louviere, and Karim Fellahi of Mouscron. Although all three players contracts were due to run out at the end of the season anyway, the reduction in the number of teams in the top flight might make it more difficult to find a new club. Brahami has been a regular in the National Team in the last year and has 15 caps since playing his first match in 2003.
Dario Gradi has accepted the fact that Madjid Bougherra will be moving on in the summer. The Algerian International has held talks with the Alex boss and he has indicated that he wishes to keep his options open. Dario has told the club's official web-site that although he would be disappointed to lose out on the promising 24-year-old, he can understand his desire to play at a higher level than League One.
"I've spoken to Madjid and he has told me that he could be playing in the Premiership next season and if not then at least the Championship. He wants to stay in England and its dream to play at the top level, said Dario. His agent will be telling him that Premiership clubs are interested but in my opinion I don't think he will be playing in the Premier League next season. I think he could play in the Championship and if that is open to him then I can fully understand why he won't commit himself to us. He needs to improve but he is a superb lad to work with and he listens and learns. I know he has enjoyed himself here and we have both said we will keep in touch and see what happens.
Dario added: "He says his French club would want around ?350,000 and I don't really know. There is no point in discussing figures if he doesn't want to sign for us. I've enjoyed working with him. It has been interesting and I like and respect the young lad."
With Bougherra showing no indication that he wishes to extend his stay with Crewe Alexandra, he will now not feature against Millwall on Sunday. Therefore, it will present Chris McCready with another chance at centre-half.
hey. congratulations tony. u truely deserve this. u truly r leadin this section of the forum.thumbs up
The 23-year-old Algerian international centre-half joined the Railwaymen on loan from French side Gueugnon in January and has made a big impression at Gresty Road despite their relegation.
His agent indicated last week that a number of sides were keen on a long-term deal for the player (he would say that!), with Leeds and Sheffield Wednesday among the interested parties.
Madjid Bougherra is a target for the Owls and their Yorkshire rivals according to weekend newspaper reports
The 23-year-old Algerian international centre-half joined Crewe on loan from French side Gueugnon in January and made a big impact at Gresty Road despite relegation for Dario Gradi's side. His agent indicated last week that a number of Championship sides were keen on a long-term deal for the player, with Wednesday and Leeds firmly among those interested parties.
Thanks and thanks to everyone else for your support. I want to thank my parents who supported me this whole time (they actually discourage me from going on the computer), my friends (those MSN buddies kept me going for hours), my workplace (free internet connection with hours of free time) and most importantly Allah. :cry:
Oh yeah, check my collection of football videos on YouTube. I uploaded about 5 or so last night. I cant remember the URL but if you click on this one:
It should have links to my other vids and to my account (which you can click on and then find the vids). I'll put up more tonight.
Farid Ghazi's return to European football was less than memorable as his HJK Helsinki club lost 1-0 at home to FC Lahti. The 32-year old striker, who joined HJK from Algerian 3rd division side ES Guelma, squandered his only opportunity to score, and ?ran around like a chicken with his head cut off all game,? as one fan described him. Ghazi previously played 3 seasons with French club Troyes, after impressing with JS Kabylie, and also had stints in UAE and Tunisia. He has 22 international caps and 5 goals.
French sport magazine France Football has reported that a number of Ligue 1 teams are interested in Montpellier striker Samy Ali Yachir. The 21-year old has featured 23 times this season for the 10th placed Ligue 2 side but did not score. The report also said that Montpellier turned down a ?700,000 ($872,640) offer from a Spanish club, most likely Real Zaragoza, who are very interested in the player. The Algerian-born Yachir has featured for France at the junior level. He was called up to the Algerian junior national team last year but did not attend due to club commitments.
wow this is soo exciting i hope we'll be all over europe that way we could have an awesome national team
Valenciennes won 3-0 on the road against 2nd place Sedan to ensure promotion to France's top division. Their 71 point total, with 2 games to be played, means that Valenciennes are guaranteed a top 2 finish, and will make their return to Ligue 1 after a 13 year absence. 24-year old striker Yacine Bezzaz and 22-year old midfielder Khaled Kharroubi will both make the jump to Ligue 1 next year.
Bezzaz, who has already played 3 seasons in Ligue 1 with AC Ajaccio, joined Valenciennes in the summer to get more playing time. After winning the CAF Cup with JS Kabylie in the 2002 season, he joined AC Ajaccio. However, his time there was unsuccessful, playing in just 24 games, as he was plagued with injuries. Bezzaz has 3 caps with the national team and 1 goal.
Kharroubi, on the other hand, has never played in Ligue 1. After playing his junior football with Olympique Lyon, he spent a year playing in Brazil with Vittoria Ba?a. Upon his return to France, he signed with Valenciennes, who were still in division 3. He helped them gain promotion last year, and again this year. Kharroubi recently took part in a training camp with the Algerian U23 national team which included only European-based players.
Metz, Ajaccio and Strasbourg were all relegated to Ligue 2 after finishing in the bottom three in France's top division. 8 Algerians are under contract among the three clubs.
At Strasbourg, midfielder Salim Arrache and goalkeeper Mehdi Sennaoui. However, both are at the end of their contract this summer. Arrache already has a number of offers including Bayer Leverkusen, Borussia Dortmund and Olympique Marseille. The young Sennaoui, on the other hand, is on trial with Ligue 1 side Troyes.
At Metz, defenders Mehdi Meniri, Hemza Mihoubi and Carl Medjani, as well as midfielder Abdelnacer Ouadah, are the club. Medjani, who is on loan from Liverpool, will probably return to the Premier League next year. Meniri, as well, should be moving to a foreign league next year with links in England, Spain and Italy. Ouadah, has been linked to Ligue 1 side Nancy, while there is no word on Mihoubi's future.
At Ajaccio, midfielder Rafik Saifi and defender Djamel Abdoun will be effected. Saifi, however, is out of contract and free to sign anywhere. Rumours have it that he might return to MC Alger, as he is nearing the end of his playing career. No word on where Abdoun will end up next year.
interesting i didnt know Carl Medjani was algerian and played for liverpool. its weird how many players play in professional leagues yet the national team doesnt have enough talent
Algerian sports paper Le Buteur (El Heddaf) has reported that Premiership sides Bolton and Blackburn are in pursuit of defender Madjid Bougherra, after a strong showing while on loan to Championship side Crewe Alexandra. The 23-year old has also been linked to Championship sides Sheffield United (will play in Premier League next year), Leeds United (will play im promotion playoff), Crystal Palace (will play in promotion playoff) and Ipswich Town. Bougherra is under contract with French club FC Gueugnon until the summer of 2007.
Paris Saint Germain goalkeeper Mohamed Benhamou 'won' his first trophy this weekend when PSG defeated Marseille 2-1 in the cup final. However, the 26-year old has yet to feature for PSG in a competitive match, and has only made brief appearances on the bench for PSG. The 3rd string goalkeeper is out of contract in the summer and will look to get more playing time with another club.
Aside from the obvious, ever wondered what exactly these IDs meant? Or even what they are? Or even their origin? If you look closely, you'll notice that there are these hieroglyphic looking designs for each one, and they are all rather unique. I'm not really knowledgeable in my ancient Egyptian or Greek calligraphy, but I feel as if they have very original designs. And this is rather impressive, might I add. There are so many small details that we overlook in PSO. If you take the time and look at some of this stuff, you'll notice there's a lot of deep meaning for almost each and every name. It really shows how much SEGA cared for their game and poured a lot of work into it. But enough of my flattery. Discussion time.
My input: If these IDs are original, maybe they mean something? Or just cleverly convoluted on purpose? But let's assume it does mean something, seeing as how that's a more interesting view upon things...
Looking at Redria, I am aware that it is an Armor/Unit ID. Of course, armors are worn on the body, more specifically the torso. And the ID is red, looking like blood due to the torso looking shape it has. The lines on the inside look a bit like blood vessels.
Viridia is a shotgun ID, which is of course a heavy weapon. The bottom portion almost looks like a mount where some sort of cannon sits on top of. And perhaps cannon balls are shooting out.
Oran seems to have some sort of spikes coming out from the bottom. It could possibly represent the prongs of a dagger, seeing as how Oran is a dagger ID. IIRC it dropped claws too. Or maybe that was Whitill, (I know, it's a slicer ID) but whatever.
Yellowboze is pretty easy, without a doubt. It looks a lot like a coin, meaning wealth. It's a Meseta ID, so of course. Not to say I already solved the mystery behind this one...
And Pinkal, I can say it looks like wings, perhaps even a bird, but that doesn't really say what the connection is to having "powerful magic" which is what the ID drops, originally. High level techniques.
I don't know about you though, but some of the sources on that list are a tad questionable such as Elysion being Elsydeon/Laconian Sword from the PS series. It's pretty darn weak for the only weapon able to kill the Profound Darkness. Also pretty in existence for a weapon that was destroyed.
Might not be the best comparison or even what you're looking to discuss, so I'll just leave it at that.
You know how organizations sometimes divide people into groups based on last name. I think that's what Section ID's are suppose to be. A character's section ID is based on the sum all the numbers a letter in a character's name is assigned plus class (Note that all versions before Ver.3 GCN/Xbox don't count your character's class in formulas). I think the Pioneer Project used this ID system because the Pioneer Project is a collaborative effort of the Alliance of Nations.
More than likely all the thirty-thousand refugees of Pioneer 2 do not hail from the same nation. Perhaps the council felt that refugees separated by names via universal script would segregate certain refugees from another in certain parts of the ship because names from one language use certain characters of universal scripts more than others? I don't know where I'm going with this. Feel free to expand on this idea.
I used to think the Section ID represents which part of the ship you live on. However this doesn't make sense because you're assigned Section ID is ultimately based on name. If everyone was forced to live in a different part of the ship based on name, then families would be divided and mixed up. On a vessel like Pioneer 1, it would have been an interesting experiment. Yet this means Pioneer 2 would have to be the control vessel where everyone have to live normal lives and in non-separated families.
Maybe Section ID's are based on which school you are assigned to when you join the military or Hunter's Guild. As for how which ID's affect what drops in the reality of PSO: Pure coincidence. Meta-game is understandable because it creates balance between trading vs hoarding. I think if you were living in the reality of Ragol Section ID's wouldn't matter because you would be more focused on survival than to pick up every sealed case holding a saber or pistol.
Here is a copy of the CCMiner config (I just wrote “neoscrypt” where it says algo, is that ok to do?).
and the third screenshot is normal. There are some accepted shares, but there is not visible worker diff set from pool side. It is possible that pool set a bit higher worker/share diff for your miner so there is accepted share in longer period. Or if you are SOLO mining, it is normal too. Lines with accepted share (YES) are the blocks found by your miner.
If you use nvidia driver 384.xx then you should use ccminer alexis with intensity set to around 13.5 - 14 - 14.5, works great at almost every system.
Under ccminer you use there is 65536 cuda threads used (intensity 21). The same value you should find by tuning intesity under ccminer alexis. But do not be surprised, it will be different I- number. And 65536 is the max reasonable for GTX1060. My miner is doing 775kh/s with I-14 (16384 cuda threads, gpu temp is max 69) now, and the desktop is usable for work and browsing the Internet without problems.
It doesn’t matter much what driver version is in use. All CUDA miners have kernels built at the compile time by a specific CUDA toolkit.
but it does matter. eg, using alexis with driver newer than 184.xx gives only half of hashrate and does not matter how is intensity set. It has something to do with used CUDA version. I am windows user and I am not able to compile ccminer directly to my system, so I would depend on what is available on the internet.
Skyward Collapse скачать торрент. Skyward Collapse. Год: 2013. Жанр: Стратегии. Разработчик: Arcen Games. Язык: Русский / Английский. Таблетка. Feb 12, 2017 The barber cut his throat from ear to ear, a torrent of blood spurted forth, and soon The impious swine waved his hand skywards. Ten Russian three ton trucks loaded with American Remington rifles, Russian maxim December 2013 · November 2013 · October 2013 · September 2013 · August 2013. Feb 28, 2017 Instead of seeing all the emails collapsed in one screen, tapping on an email brings of 1969 captured the world's attention and had everyone looking skyward. The Russian YotaPhone bumped around a few markets until 2015. It uses many of the same techniques that have allowed Torrent sites. Mar 25, 2017 Echo Tokyo: An Intro PROPHET Windows 7/8 torrent. Posted on Saturday English, French, German, Lithuanian, Polish, Russian, Spanish.
Feb 6, 2015 The bear settles his gaze skywards as sunrays embellish his muffled fur. meditative state in which total collapse is patiently awaited, until the day shards All that can be heard is a passing torrent consoling the wind, which quietly were set to surpass every other Russian black metal band in relevance. Release Date: May 23, 2013. Popular . Buy Skyward Collapse Complete Edition . Includes 2 items: Skyward Collapse, Skyward Collapse: Nihon Мир Кайфов и Ништяков «Добро пожаловать в Парк Развлечений !» ps: запомните название сайта. Dec 20, 2016 Smoke billows skyward as homes and buildings are shelled in the city of Homs, Syria. Even Carla Del Ponte, who's of the U.N. investigative team in a 2013 chemical attacks accusations, said, “No, Vitaly I. Churkin, Permanent Representative of the Russian Russia-Hack Story, Another Media Failure.
August 11, 2017 TopWhatsUp 0 Comment based, beta, early, integration, payments, shows, signs, UPI, Whatsapp
Since demonetization, digital payments have been gaining more and more importance in India. Popular apps like Hike Messenger and Truecaller
As web pages have advanced over the years, they have also dramatically increased in size. This has gradually contributed to
Latest ‘Apple News Exclusive’ shares excerpt from former First Lady Michelle Obama’s upcoming memoir
These AN Adaptors are just what you need to install your Stainless Steel Lines in any configuration. They will work perfectly with our special PTFE Stainless Steel Lines, or any standard AN fittings.
Most of the braided stainless steel lines and fittings that you can buy actually have a rubber (EPDM or NBR) interior. Some competing products advertise a special coating on the inside of the rubber to make them resistant to ethanol and certain other chemicals. We think this is wrong wrong wrong. Why would you use a material that isn't 100% resistant to the chemicals in your application for absolutely no reason? Our PTFE lines are superior to our competitors rubber lines in every way and they cost less too!
Our lines are made of high-quality PTFE on the inside that gives them high chemical and heat resistance, along with a braided stainless steel outside which gives them high durability, extreme pressure resistance, and a professional and high-tech appearance. Be careful when buying Braided Stainless Steel Hose because they are not all the same! Make sure yours are compatible with the fluid, pressure and temperature in your application.
Braided Stainless Steel PTFE lines like ours are great for replacing many factory rubber hoses such as rubber fuel lines, brake lines, and clutch lines. PTFE does not deteriorate or bulge with age like rubber does, and has far superior chemical resistance. The stainless steel outside keeps the inner diameter uniform, allowing faster and more efficient fluid transfer (this means a firmer, more responsive pedal feel when replacing brake lines.) The stainless steel outside also keeps the lines looking shiny, new and professional all the time, and prevents damage to the inner hose. These are made of 6061-T6 aluminum and offer 2a grade fitment compatible with AN and JIC thread standards.
They are chemically identical to Teflon, however we can't call them Teflon because Teflon is a registered trademark of DuPont.
Use them to replace your fuel lines and convert your car to run on Ethanol without worrying about breaking down your inferior factory lines
Purveyors of quality original antique 16th, 17th, 18th and 19th Century oak and country furniture, fine art and decorative period items
A delightful antique pewter measuring jug (1 pint) with pouring spout and featuring scroll capped handle.
When was the last time you visited someone’s house and they washed your hands and feet? Do you eat your meals without the benefit of knives, forks, spoons, napkins, or plates? Do you regularly pull a couch up to the table and have supper with your family? Have you seen the borough’s city gates on the outside of town? Where is the threshing floor in your house?
These may sound like strange questions in today’s world but if you lived in Biblical times you probably wouldn’t think twice when answering. We who live among the green and pleasant hills of Pennsylvania are not apt to appreciate certain biblical pictures and refer-ences for their full significance. Our social organizations,our climate, and our occupations are among the many factors which tend to reduce our appreciation of what we read in the Bible and how life was lived in ancient times. The manners and customs of the Bible are as different from ours as,
“… the east is from the west. They sit when you stand; they lie when you sit; they do to the head what you do to the feet; they use fire when you use water; you shave the beard and they shave the head; you move the hat, they touch the breast … you go out to take a walk, they go up to enjoy the fresh air…”
To a child, learning the Scriptures can be demanding enough, but trying to contextualize the many ancient and foreign notions is a completely different challenge. That’s why our Vacation Bible School (VBS) theme this year is “What’s the Manner?” Through the study of biblical manners and customs, including such things as home life, food, clothing, music, farming, plants, etc., Scripture will come to life as VBS paints a vivid picture of the culture, enhancing the students’ understanding.
This year’s VBS will be conducted June 18-21 from 5:30 p.m. until 8:00 p.m. beginning with a light dinner each evening. (The schedule has been compressed to make it more fun and faster-paced; there will be no session on Friday this year.) All students four (4) years of age through rising sixth graders are encouraged to attend.
Holy Trinity is conveniently located just three blocks west of campus between College and Beaver Avenues.
Regardless of the place you want to go, from Dublin to New York or Cork to London, Skyscanner takes you in every single place. We evaluate flights, accommodations and automotive hire, so you’ll be able to see all the options saving you time and money.
Some people are additionally involved if it is safe to drink tap water or use it to brush their teeth. I undoubtedly would not suggest you to drink faucet water. It is completely protected for showers, washing your face and brushing enamel, you will not transform right into a monster after using it. Nevertheless, on your convenience and peace of mind, purified water is offered in stores (bottles from zero,5 liter to 5 liters), which you’re free to use for all your necessities.
I name it low cost Hong Kong tour as a result of in comparison with different Asian trips, roundtrip tickets and hotel lodging price a lot lower than the other tour packages. Being in the Philippines is so cool for this, too. During off-peak season, Hong Kong tour bundle lowest price ranges from 6,000 PHP above. How low-cost! It isn’t only gonna be your good vacation and vacation engrande, it’s also gonna be a perfect match in your pretty funds.
Personally, my favorite sources for finding low-cost flights are Google Flights and Skyscanner. Google Flights is really easy to make use of and rapidly compares prices for quite a lot of airways. It additionally has a cool map function that means that you can take a look at flight prices across the world. Skyscanner is very similar to Google Flights, just with slightly totally different options. Skyscanner lets you search for flights to In every single place” and exhibits you a listing of destinations with the cheapest flights. General, I have found Google Flights works best for finding international and US home flights, while Skyscanner is healthier for locating flights inside Europe.
One can camp in the again country throughout the park. The Boy Scout Path is one choice. Coming kind the West Park Entrance, pull into the parking space 0.7 miles past Trash Can Rock (Quail Springs). To legally camp, one should sign the again country registry positioned near the trailhead, and camp one mile from the path. No open fires are allowed.
...Golden Service Awards 2013. Designed to recognise service excellence within the cleaning & guidance services industry, the awards provide a benchmark for quality and therefore are The perfect chance for agreement cleaning organizations and in-house cleaning groups to advertise the superb operate carried out by their cleaning teams and give them the recognition th...
...xury hotel and thus we must also usually be sure you supply a superior volume of luxurious with all our services." Which marriage of hygiene and luxury begins within the washroom.
The household cleaning services carried out by SERVPRO experts will not likely only relieve the load on the frequent servicing of your private home, but may also make a Safe and sound, clean up and comfortable living surroundings for both you and your relatives.
...ished very last 7 days, reveals that the appearance on the local area problems people over the level of services supplied by the NHS, site visitors congestion or worldwide warming - and that amount of problem has risen in the past 12 months from sixty three% to 70%.
...uption for patrons through work on-web site - and particularly by means of its professional substantial increase abseiling services division - that can now get to of approximately 92 toes, or 8 flooring from the ground.
...ures to boost the UK techniques foundation for your very long-time period." Bernard Brown, Spouse and Head of Business enterprise Services at KPMG, reviews: "Once more businesses feel willing to 'splash the money' in what seems to become a desperate try and entice experienced team from rivals. However despite presenting commencing salaries in a amount which includes not been noticed over the ...
...e and the effects it's presently reached for your council, possessing delivered cleaning and upkeep services for numerous its properties for the final five years.
... entitled to under these new strategies. The software is utilised Continued extensively in domiciliary treatment, protection services and deal cleaning, featuring a streamlined and efficient technique to merge scheduling and monitoring with payroll.
...tream which has been challenging to cope with sustainably till now," suggests click to read Ian Baxter, ISS British isles Squander Services Director. "We have been very pleased to become a part of this essential initiative and to be able to supply the large environmental, social and economic Advantages to click reference shoppers." Shut Loop's Peter Goodwin is urging all organisations linked to the drinks, ca...
... supply and proper laundering, and community area cleaning of washrooms are further CK Team services. The same devices that CK Team operatives use, and tissues and wipes, janitorial provides and cleaning substances, may also be provided through CK Consumables for healthcare facility in-dwelling cleaning groups or other exterior contractors to d...
...rings to thoughts is window cleaning; nevertheless There's a Substantially broader number of elaborate making assist services which includes the need to work at superior degrees.
...o all stakeholders in China. "As the global leader in water, hygiene and Power technologies and services, corporate social obligation is usually a Main benefit within our eyesight to help make the planet cleaner, safer and healthier," suggests Sam Hsu, Ecolab senior vice chairman and standard manager of Greater China. "We go on to expand our existence in China...
...gs they run than negotiating lease phrases. "Persons are speaking about the troubles of humanising services, and without a doubt our have investigate reflects a deep dissatisfaction One of the workforce with the way structures guidance productivity, so it really is incumbent on us all to begin inspecting extra closely the 'why' powering the issues we do in FM. "The prese...
Remain on top of the most up-to-date technology by sharpening your present-day techniques and get more info mastering new kinds Using these totally free, self-paced, online programs.
These Android App Development are definitely World-wide-web apps too which might be manufactured utilizing the Android OS and utilized for the proliferation of company. You might execute on-line World-wide-web transactions with the help of such Net application. We are skilled in these providers. We can make your small business develop.
Here are some photos from the exhibition that I took part of with 16 designers and their projects during the design week in Milan. At that time my project sleepstation was striped, the finished blanket is made in dark blue.
Congenital Heart Disease in Pediatric and Adult Patients: Anesthetic and Perioperative Management by Ali Dabbagh
Congenital Heart Disease in Pediatric and Adult Patients: Anesthetic and Perioperative Management provides a comprehensive, up-to-date overview of care of the pediatric patient undergoing cardiac surgery and anesthesia.
The Giants annual Twenty20 Cricket Family Funday in association with Hinchliffe's Farm Shop and Restaurant and Easy Bathrooms will take place this Sunday.
The popular fan event at Honley Cricket Club is also supported by Netherton Community Centre & Honley Stoney Lane Community Centre & Huddersfield Giants Supporters Association.
The Giants Cricket Day is one of the most popular days in the Giants calendar. Prices on the day are £3 for adults, £1 children and under 5s get in for FREE.
The day will see a Twenty20 cricket game featuring the Giants first team and coaches against Club partners, with the full squad in attendance. There will also be a face painter, military assault course, fire engine, rugby masterclasses, ice cream van, glitter tatooist, bouncy castle, children's rides, tug of war & various stalls.
so i'm getting ready to add 4 more drives and maybe updated to latest raid-f and it made me think back.
I love your new setup, Wirerogue. I'm digging those blue lights. Are you planning on adding even more?
It pains me to have four blue lights that are not blinking so I will fill those empty bays after the next major flexraid release
Drawing on inspiration from their 1990's predecessor, this pair of Adidas Originals EQT Support ADV sn…
Drawing on inspiration from their 1990's predecessor, this pair of Adidas Originals EQT Support ADV sneakers feature a sock-like upper alongside a mix of synthetic panelling and a moulded TPU heel support. Designed with the label's iconic three stripe detailing, these Adidas Originals EQT Support ADV sneakers are finished with a lace-up front fastening, branding at the tongue and insole and a lightly ridged rubber outsole.
| Comments Off on The Quintessential Symbol of Summer… Fresh Tomatoes | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Recent Posts
I am proud to be working with sunset produce and am so excited about their hottest tomato awards! Here’s a little about the awards:
As a part of the annual Tomato Capital of Canada Event presented by REACH International in Leamington, Ontario, Mastronardi took top honors with its SUNSET® tomatoes for the following categories:
“We are extremely proud that our gourmet tomatoes captured all the top awards. Our company was built on flavor & quality and these awards help further promote that,” stated Paul Mastronardi, President. “It is great to see that our new Zima™ grape tomato won Best Specialty, Best Overall Tomato, and most importantly, the People’s Choice Award. This seriously sweet orange grape tomato packs an incredible punch when it comes to tomato flavor, so I am especially pleased to see it win these key awards,” said Mastronardi.
The Campari®, Romana, Splendido™, and Zima™ tomatoes are just a few of the more than 100 different varieties of tomatoes, peppers, and cucumbers that Mastronardi grows and markets under its nationally recognized SUNSET® brand of produce.
Posted by Kathy Casey on June 25th, 2010 | Comments Off on Sunset Produce Takes Top 6 Awards at Hottest Tomato Competition! | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Foodie News, Recent Posts
This past week Keren Brown aka The Frantic Foodie organized a fabulous food blogger event here at my Food Studios. It was a super d’lish event!
There were luscious libations served along tasty appetizers and cheeses! I shook up a Tuscan Rosemary Lemon Drop made with Purity Vodka topped with a Honey Lemon Foam, followed by my southern vacation inspired Charleston 75, and then an always fun Tropical Tiki Time Sangria made with Columbia Winery’s Pinot Gris. And of course there were lots of apps to go with all those sips from Sips & Apps including my D’lish Peppadew Peppers and Lamb Sliders on Homemade Rosemary Buns.
Corky Luster of Ballard Bee Honey came by and gave a “bee tour” of our hive that we have in our back urban garden. He even brought a couple of the special protective bee hats for some of the bloggers to wear and get an up-close look of the bees and honeycombs!
Lorna Yee talked about her new book, The Newlywed Kitchen, which shares a story about my husband, John and I. She even dished out two great desserts straight from her book, Candybar Cupcakes and Triple Chocolate Fudge Brownies – yum!
One of the attendees, Paula Thomas took some fabulous photos and wrote a fantastic blog post, which you can find here.
Thank you to Keren Brown, Corky Luster, and to all the Seattle food bloggers that came out for this event! It was definitely a d’lish time!
Posted by Kathy Casey on June 23rd, 2010 | Comments (3) | | Posted in Books to Cook, Cocktails, Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Foodie News, Recent Posts
Check out my fun Windermere commercial! Windermere had asked me to do one of their couch commercials and I was thrilled that they asked. They even donated $5000 to Feeding America just for my appearance!
Posted by Kathy Casey on June 17th, 2010 | Comments Off on Windermere Commercial | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Lifestyle, Recent Posts
Most recently I took a vacation with hubby and friends to Charleston, South Carolina – great food , friends and lots of fun. Vacation pal Cynthia Nims sums it all up here on her blog Mon Appétit. And of course I made a locally inspired cocktail: The Charleston 75 – read about it and get the recipe at Seattle Metropolitan Magazine.
Posted by Kathy Casey on June 16th, 2010 | Comments Off on A very Southern Vacation.. and I needed one! | Posted in Cocktails, Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Foodie News, Lifestyle
Ok – all you great cooks and chefs need to know that this is the last call for entries for the first-ever Foster Farms West Coast Chicken Cooking Contest. The Grand prize is $10,000!!!! plus a one-year supply of fresh Foster Farms chicken. Home, amateur and professional chefs residing in California, Oregon and Washington are encouraged to submit their prized, original chicken non-grilling recipes for consideration. Recipes must feature fresh Foster Farms chicken and should be inspired by local ingredients as a testament to Foster Farms’ commitment to locally-grown, natural foods. The deadline to enter is June 30, 2010 at 11:59:59
Foster Farms will host three regional recipe-judging semifinals in California, Oregon and Washington in late summer and early fall 2010, culminating with The Final Cook-off. The Washington regional will be held at Kathy Casey Food Studios and judged by local food media and yours truly!
Fifteen semifinalists will receive $100 and their recipes will be judged in the regional competitions. Six regional winners – two from each state – will receive $1,000. The six regional winners will head to The Final Cook-off in the Napa Valley to compete for the grand prize of $10,000 and a one-year supply of fresh Foster Farms chicken. So start cooking up some great ideas!!
Posted by Kathy Casey on June 9th, 2010 | Comments Off on Cook up a Great Chicken Recipe to win Big!! | Posted in Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Foodie News, Recent Posts
Few things are better than a long lunch on a weekday afternoon. If you’re exceptionally lucky, you might be sipping from a mint Julep expertly prepared, served in an ice cold silver julep cup, piled high with crushed ice, slightly sweet, with just enough bourbon to put a smile on your face and richness to your laugh. You’d be even luckier if you spent this extended power lunch in the presence of the man responsible for the bourbon. A gracious southern gentleman who’s family began making bourbon in his home state of Kentucky in the 1800’s. That is just how we spent a sunny Wednesday afternoon in May, with Tom Bulliet, owner and voice of Bulliet Bourbon.
As smooth as his family’s recipe for frontier whiskey, Tom regaled us with stories of the whiskey trade, the new found interest in small craft bourbons and ‘not taking a bigger piece of pie, but making the pie bigger,’ a business model that makes him as humble as he is humorous. (Yes he’s friendly with all the neighboring bourbon houses and they get along “smoothly”!)
From the classic medicine bottle design by northwest ‘s own glitterati designer Steve Sandstrom in Oregon , to the smooth liquor just under the cap, to the philosophy that tradition of great bourbon doesn’t stop at the bottle but continues on with each bartender behind the bar, Mr. Bulliet embodies the modern philosophy of spirits and spirit culture.
The rebirth of Bulliet bourbon follows closely the rebirth of American Cocktail-ing as he resurrected his families recipe in the mid 1980’s, when spirit culture could be said to be at its lowest point. By the 1990’s Bulliet joined Seagram’s and was given the resources to handpick ingredients to truly honor his family’s longstanding dedication to tradition. About this time a stirring of bartenders were turning back the clock and rediscovering a history nearly lost in pre-mixes, modern technology, and watered down expectations. As these barmen ignited a revolution in cocktails, Bulliet was there to regale the rebirth.
As for lunch, the south Lake Union Daniel’s Broiler spoiled us with a fabulous lunch paired with a sampling of cocktails made of course with Bulliet and some of Daniel’s house made bitters, which we tasted as well and are quite delightful. Beside the mint julep we sampled a wonderfully balanced Manhattan, dryer in flavor as Bulleit contains the highest percentage of rye in the bourbon family. My favorite cocktail of the day was what Mr. Bulliet referred to as the B.L.T – Bulliet, Lemon, and Tonic. Since Bourbon is not often paired with tonic it was a pleasant departure from bourbon and soda and a richer flavor than your usual Gin.
It is a rare delight to soak up the afternoon sipping cocktails, but even more so in the company of such a charming, intelligent and dedicated figure. If you’ve never tried Bulleit, indulge yourself. The next sunny day you find yourself wet at the whistle, pour a nip over ice top it with tonic and a squeeze of lemon and watch the leaves dance in the afternoon sun. You deserve it.
Posted by Kathy Casey on June 3rd, 2010 | Comments Off on A Spirited Lunch with Tom Bulliet | Posted in Restaurants, Dishing with Kathy Casey Blog, Foodie News, Recent Posts
I've found love beyond all reason. You gave Your life, Your all for me. And You're all I need! -Hillsong
There's NO WAY I could begin to sum-up all that happened over the last couple weeks in one blog... or even ten blogs! I felt every emotion possible. Everything from the happiest I've ever been - watching another person coming to know Jesus as their personal Savior, to being afraid for my life. It was intense to say the least.
I told mom on the way from the Miami airport (I haven't seen my family in a month!) that it felt like I had to be on guard the whole time I was there. It was like I shifted into defense-mode like we were going to battle. Darkness all around us makes the light much brighter to those who recognize it. I am so greatful and humbled by God's plan to use this team to bring glory to him in the country of Scotland. Those youth are amazing and I can't wait to hear how God uses THEM in this next year. Seeds were planted in them that week that will not be overlooked.
There are a million awesome pictures of sweet faces and fun games, but I forgot my memory card adapter so you'll have to wait until I get back from family vacation to see them...
Hi Lady, so very happy you are home safe and sound and now with your family, a circle of people who have been praying and thinking of you every minute while you were gone. Katie, you have seen God in action in a place that is darker than you have ever experienced. I stand amazed that you made yourself a tool to be used for His glory. Thank you for just being our "Katie". I prayed for you many times a day and I so enjoyed keeping up with you guys on the blog. Enjoy your down time with the best people in the world.
Have you ever listened to the Scottish band, Travis? Not only would you discover some of the finest, purest melodies this side of the Beatle river, but you'd win super-cool points with those Scot kids next time you communicate with 'em.
That post you had awhile back about the Marietta Middle School sign was great. I had seen that in person and on my friend, Matt's, blog. It's a bit of nonsense, ripe for discussion!
Having fun with camera lucida like an old master. An evening at the lovely home of Vik and Renee, with Kai, Glenn, Tomio and Holly
Be respectful, maintain it civil and remain on subject. We delete remarks that violate our policy, which we stimulate you to definitely read. Discussion threads can be shut Anytime at our discretion.Remain in overall control on a regular basis. No matter whether you might be employing a smartphone, pill, or Personal computer, a click on or two is a… Read More
(certificate of registration of residency) from my area city hall. That needed a trudge on the town hall with my lease (or residence deeds for those who’re an operator).Seeking a elimination quotation? Regardless of the your requirements, our companions may help. Removing companies in this areaHave you at any time stopped to ponder how many camer… Read More
Furthermore, among the really to start with traits we see is a gorgeous—although discreet—layout. It's important which the digital camera appears like one thing you actually want as part of your home, but determined by your preferences, you might not want it to jump out too much.Concentrate for the lights while in the parts the place you ought … Read More
On top of that, one of the quite 1st characteristics we discover is a beautiful—even though discreet—layout. It's important the camera looks like something you really want with your home, but based upon your requirements, you might not want it to get noticed far too much.That's a huge variety concerning the digicam's eyesight cone. If you want … Read More
Gadget Critique performs with a number of advertisers to aid monetize the internet site’s visitors. This is certainly what enables us to provide our articles cost-free or and not using a paywall. For that reason, several of the hyperlinks on this site might generate us a commission if you click thru and purchase through the related website.Base L… Read More
Security cameras have diverse fields of see, which refers to exactly how much of your home or property you are able to see at any one time. This can make a large impact on the sort and quantity of security cameras you'll want to assure whole coverage.
While the terms are routinely made use of interchangeably, There exists a slight distinction between security cameras and surveillance cameras. The difference is whether or not a camera is passive or Lively. Surveillance cameras are passive. They observe and/or history whichever is going on of their area of look at. Security cameras are Lively. They warn individuals to unexpected functions in just their field of watch. This difference can be quite delicate or incredibly huge based on the conditions of a particular circumstance.
Quite a few home surveillance cameras come with applications that provide smartphone connectivity for handheld remote control and 24-hour livestream footage. Motion detection and private alerts arrive straight in your device, encouraging you to feel secure even though you’re far from home.
For both of those sorts of security cameras, Notice how they’re driven and consider the proximity of an influence supply when they don’t operate on batteries. The last thing you will need is actually a dead security camera when it matters most.
You don’t want to handle bare electrical wires, you simply plug it into a nearby out of doors socket. And when you don’t have one of those, you can buy a battery-operated product and trickle-demand it that has a solar panel.
Obviously, if a camera costs a lot which you can not find the money for the valuables you’re hoping to guard with it, then it doesn’t serve a goal. Cost is a factor For each acquiring final decision.
We stop working any excess service fees within our opinions, so It truly is value taking a look at Just about every to find out which a single matches your price range. The excellent news is usually that prices are coming down, and you can find a top quality product for around $twenty! However, You cannot truly set a cost on relief.
In addition, among the very initial features we discover is an attractive—nevertheless discreet—style and design. It's important that the camera looks like anything you truly want in your home, but dependant upon your requirements, you might not want it to stick This Site out an excessive amount of.
We've got also produced a individual story to center on video toddler displays and have moved all our critiques there. You'll find our in-depth coverage of newborn monitors listed here.
That accustomed to entail signing on with knowledgeable—and dear—security company like ADT. But a increase in consumer-stage smart-home tech is putting indoor and out of doors home surveillance into our personal hands.
But not all cameras are made equally. Some have alarms or can mail you notifications whenever they detect activity, some give two-way audio, some are meant to watch your child, plus some even double as total-on home automation hubs.
These streaming movie cameras connect with your home WiFi network to deliver alerts, video clips, and Dwell look these up video clip feeds to the smartphone, permitting you to monitor action As you're absent.
And unlike cameras from Google-owned Nest, the Cloud Cam doesn’t constantly history, but only saves clips when it detects movement or people today from the frame. That makes it significantly less beneficial for those who’d somewhat not have faith in the computer software and tend to be more relaxed scrolling via an extensive backlog of footage. A single notable profit is that the Cloud Cam cellular application is way considerably less cluttered than These from Nest, Netgear, and other corporations. It’s just three screens: an account management panel, a live feed display screen, and configurations list.
Together with creating burglars and also other criminals more unlikely to target a home, cameras may also help if a criminal offense is committed. The...
Welcome to GGG where terms like 'on-demand' and 'variable data printing' are not just buzz words, they are a way of life. Whatever your marketing needs may be, from sell sheets to presentation binders, tent cards to post cards, or banners to outdoor bulletins and everything else in between; our in-house capabilities make sure your marketing materials look great, get where they are supposed to be and best of all, increase sales!
So whether you need one hundred or one hundred thousand personalized or generic pieces, our expert professional team is here to make sure your first impression is a lasting one.
Our fall series of Dofasco Retirement and family Estate seminars are available. Register online. htt…
Statistics Canada announced that The Consumer Price Index (CPI) rose 3% on a year-over-year basis in…
As she see say i dey look her, she quickly remove her hand and run inside her room and slam the door, lol, na why she dey run na, she for come meet me make i find one BF for her instead of her to use me na, i finish my bath, went inside my room and bury my head in my pillow, i hope no nightmare today, i thought as i sleep like a baby and start snoring like johnsown1, tommorrow is another day.
I woke up to see a bright and wonderful morning, today na sunday oh, make i ready make i dey church, no no no, wetin i dey go church go do, no bi to pray for guidance, since adanna don dey guard me already i dont need another protector, i brush my teeth and took my bath, relax on my bed waiting for night to reach so that i will go visit the love of my life, since light dey make i just dey watch film, i select one movie from my table and start watching on my laptop, titled “memoir of an invisible man” that film don tey sha, is about one man wey something happen to, then im come turn invisible, he can see, feel and touch things but you cant see him, but you can hear him, at last him and the girl of his dream later dey together, but i wonder how them go dey fucck, invisible penis go dey enter visible pussi, the girl no go dey see the thing but she go dey feel am, maybe we need to ask cherrybrown because i believe she go don experience am before, i continue watching my film till afternoon wey hungry don dey samma my belle and the worms in my stomach start crying, well i on my stove and cook indomie, i went outside and bought 2 egg, (me i nor dey eat indomie like that oh, obstacle must dey) i cook the indomie finish samma am for my belle, i relax again continue to dey watch my film, after 30minutes somebody knock on my door, i went to the door and ask.
Na wetin this girl dey find self, i pass her side just now, her room dey look, abeg make i tell her say i get visitor make she dey go joor, i opened the door and i saw what baffle me, a beautiful girl with short jean skirt, that cover only her a-s, leaving her fine fresh lap expose, she wore a handless shirt also like that shirt wey that girl wear from kcee fine face video, with no bra, if una see as her b—-t pump comeout ehh, chai omo today na today oh,.
i found myself saying, she catwalk in as i look her backside, she really sabi shake am like that fat woman from flavor shake it video, i offer her a sit while i make myself comfortable on my bed, she sat down and face me crossing her two leg, omo make una come see lap, very big like mercy johnson own,.
Favor: hmmm, i hope you are not angry that i disturb your sleep, she said smiling while she cross her leg to the other side, by so doing i saw her big lipped pussi, she no even wear pant, omo my grandmaster gain attention at once, wetin dey worry this my oga na, im want put me for trouble abi? I took pillow and use it to cover my rising snake, she saw me and smiled.
The cards shared by the DT on this blog are for inspiration and enjoyment. Please do not copy them for any publication, contest submissions or use them in inspirational or compilations CD's which are then sold on to other crafters. Many thanks for your understanding.
Thank you for all your fabulous entries for our last challenge, just scroll down to the previous post to see if you were a lucky winner or one of the top 3.
I really hope I wasn't too late for your challenge - I love the DT creations - especially those gorgeous little penguins, they are such quirky little birds. Hugs to you Sue Pxxx
Many thanks from everyone at "Fab 'n' Funky" Challenges for joining in with us this week. We can't wait to see your project.
3] Please, please link back to the "Fab 'n' Funky" challenge blog so that we can pop over to see your project.
4] You may combine our challenge with as many other challenges as you like. However we reserve the right to change this if a prize is on offer.
5] All DT work is for inspiration only and not to be copied for submission to a competition or magazine.
6] If you participate and make multiple entries for a particualr weeks theme, please note that the DT may only comment on 1 or 2 entries.
All prices are net F.O.B. Surabaya. Local store prices may vary from those displayed. Products shown as available are normally stocked but inventory levels cannot be guaranteed.
Sneakernet is how one used to acquire what was at the time known as warez. It's also how Cubans have received "the packet." Physical data transfer is far from dead. In the news, there is tons of Apple news (like Swift going open source and split screen app use on the iPad), encryption and anonymous speech are crucial in the fight against corruption, and injectable brain meshes are a real thing.
The opening bit about Premiere getting ahead of other software was quite funny. I'm totally with you on upgrading production software all the time. I do that with Final Cut Pro X, which is why I got the ability to sync multiple camera angles using the sound waves about two years ago. And also the automatic color grading stuff a few years ago too. I love those features, and it's also the only reason I can do multicamera editing so quickly after events too.
That said, I bought Lightroom 3, and when Lightroom 4 came out, there weren't enough improvements for me to justify the upgrade price. After that I never got round to upgrading, so I'm still using Lightroom 3. And it's still just fine. I use it pretty often, but no where close to 10 dollars a month.
I've been wanting to do some sort of weird mesh network or something with Raspberry Pi's kind of like Scott mentioned, but I don't really have a use for one or other people to set it up with.
While there is a place where Internet speed and bandwidth are poor there is going to be physical media. When I was hanging around the poorer places of India on my last trip there was a system where a user would bring their microSD card into a shop with good Internet, they would get the stuff they wanted downloaded and that was how they got access to media from the Internet.
Edit - Also the people who are using Windows and not updating is astoundingly crazy, even my parent's computers pass the Scott test. I met a CS student who was still not sure he should upgrade from Windows 7 to 10 and it's free! All because of "it will have Metro". Can't be bothered convincing idiots.
Just about everyone in my high school who wanted it had a copy of my day-one Starcraft disc. To this day I still do not understand why, but this specific disc allowed us to install the game on as many computers as we wanted, and using its CD key, they could all be on Battle.net at the same time. Makes no sense, but it worked, and it was glorious.
Also, to settle the Arduino/Raspberry Pi thing, Scott is 100% correct. The RPi makes Arduinos completely unnecessary, as the RPi does have a header with plenty of analog and digital I/O pins. RPi is just overkill for most Arduino applications. You'd need to wire up whatever I/O pins to some small relay driver circuit.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. More Details Close
By accessing “forum.funcube.org.uk” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “forum.funcube.org.uk”, “http://forum.funcube.org.uk”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “forum.funcube.org.uk”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “forum.funcube.org.uk” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “forum.funcube.org.uk” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “forum.funcube.org.uk” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “forum.funcube.org.uk” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Jamaicans are being advised to brace for possible increased heat conditions as projections show that temperatures are slightly above normal.Ronald Moody, head of the Applied Meteorology Section at the Climate Branch, told The Gleaner yesterday that...
Shawn Witter is of the opinion that Jamaica can be spared devastation during the hurricane season if the population thinks positively.Speaking recently with The Gleaner during its community hurricane round-up, the resident of Ginger House in...
As the excitement surrounding Grade Six Achievement Test results simmers, transitioning parents and students are now busying themselves for the new school term in September.Along with new uniforms, books, bags, and, of course, a new school...
She was not placed at the school of her choice, but Somer Wilson will not allow that to distract her from working hard when she moves on to the Holy Childhood High School in St Andrew come September.Wilson was among the four top students at the...
Some residents of Portland expressed overwhelming fear, while others were more relaxed as they reflected on previous hurricane seasons and how they fared. They all agreed, however, that proper precaution must be adhered to if they are to be spared...
With new estimates showing that work on the Ward Theatre will cost more than $14 million, Robert Hill, town clerk, indicated that persons could expect full use of the facility at the "appropriate time".Speaking with The Gleaner following the...
She was the only girl among a number of students who were asked to give their pick for the 2018 World Cup Games. Kourtnee Smith was just as competent, however, and expressed confidence that Germany would win.Smith, who plays midfield for Sts Peter...
Young entrepreneurs are bursting with great ideas to start their own businesses but many are not able to access capital from several financial institutions that prefer to fund traditional business proposals.That was the concern expressed by Deandra...
A call has been made to ensure that animals are equally safe and given safe spaces during the hurricane season, which began in June 1 and ends on November 30.Jasson Muir Clarke, global communications and media officer at World Animal Protection, a...
Some residents of Trinityville and Bath in St Thomas have indicated that they are in the process of preparing for the hurricane season. They have said, however, that over the years, preparation has proven to be very expensive.The hurricane season...
Several residents living in flood-prone communities of St Thomas are finding it costly to prepare their homes for the 2018 hurricane season, which started on June 1"I won't tell a lie. I am really worried. My house flooded last year, so if a...
The ability to provide retirement plans for his staff, in addition to creating a secure future for many families, was among the achievements that Gordon 'Butch' Stewart highlighted as he reflected on the 50th anniversary of Appliance Traders Limited...
At least one business expert is advising young entrepreneurs to make sure that their focus is on gaining knowledge and not entirely on making money as this is a sure way of gaining wealth.Deandra Chung-Jones, president of the Young Entrepreneurs...
Tamika Curruthers' world came to a devastating halt after she went blind 11 years ago at the age of 22. Instead of having a pity party, she quickly jumped into survival mode, and today, she is the founder/owner of the Emerald Gifted Hands Spa and...
Disheartened by the intensified spate of crime and violence that is sweeping the nation, some students at Ardenne High School in St Andrew are making an earnest effort to alleviate the pressures that come with living in volatile areas or being...
Latoya West-Blackwood, chairman of the Book Industry Association of Jamaica (BIAJ), has urged policymakers to move beyond conducting studies and research to investing seriously in the early childhood sector in order to prevent cognitive challenges...
Once you are able to connect with people and maintain trust, Angelica Barrett-Medley believes the business of convenience can grow exponentially, whether it's on an individual or national level.Barrett-Medley, who is the owner of Glad Helpers...
Concerns are being raised about the current format of devotions in schools. The most recent concerns were expressed in a letter to The Gleaner, which claimed that students who were not interested in participating in devotions were not being...
Floyd Green, state minister in the Ministry of Education, Youth and Information, has expressed concern about the number of churches that have been willing to make their buildings available for skills training.Green, while speaking at the recent...
The University of the West Indies (UWI) is being urged to address the often ignored issue of sexual harassment on its campuses.While commending the UWI for the launch of its gender policy on Tuesday, Professor V. Eudine Barriteau warned that...
Members of staff at the National Housing Trust (NHT) expect that their renovation project undertaken at the Bustamante Hospital for Children yesterday will aid in the facility becoming a certified breastfeeding institution, in addition to enhancing...
The long-standing challenges that have plagued the nursing sector for years were again brought to the fore, as Dr Michael Abrahams made an urgent appeal for the welfare of nurses to be improved.The obstetrician and gynaecologist, who was guest...
Valuable life lessons taught to them by their mother Beryl Williams Singh were reflected on by her sons during a thanksgiving service in her honour last Saturday.Vijay Williams Singh, in an emotional tribute, said his mother has left behind memories...
An appreciation for local skincare products by the Jamaican populace has made the cosmetic industry ripe for business.This is according to Racquell Brown, managing director of Irie Rock cosmetic products, who indicated in an interview that the...
Betty Ann Blaine, co-founder of Hear The Children's Cry, welcomed news of the establishment of government-sponsored day-care centres, but strongly suggested that they operate between the times when school is dismissed and when parents get home.Floyd...
As Greece advised the International Monetary Fund (IMF) that it would not be able to meet its due payment and the bolivar went into free fall in Venezuela, four of the world's biggest banks were fined more than US$5 billion after pleading guilty to rigging the currency markets. The world's financial system faces breathlessly dangerous risks. A fine of US$5 billion is lighter than a slap on the wrist for these super banks for manipulating currency trading, adding further jeopardy to a very shaky system built on sand.
This newspaper buried the little Associated Press story about one of the major global current events at the back of nowhere on Page B6 on May 21: "Four of the world's biggest banks," the story reported, "agreed to pay more than $5 billion in penalties and plead guilty to rigging the currency markets - a rare instance in which federal prosecutors have wrung an admission of criminal wrongdoing from a major financial institution."
Listen to the language. There is no question of who is wagging whom. US federal prosecutors, who should be policing and regulating the system, have only managed to wring an admission of criminal wrongdoing from a major financial institution in this rare instance. And the banks have 'agreed' to pay a feather duster fine. The banking-conspiracy theorists seem well supported here!
Traders at JPMorgan Chase, Citicorp, Barclays and the Royal Bank of Scotland were accused of working together to manipulate rates on the foreign exchange market, where hundreds of billions of dollars and euros change hands. And we are often led to believe it is rogue speculators who threaten the system.
More ethical currency traders try to predict the movement of exchange rates and try to make a profit from rate changes without producing a grain of corn, a drop of oil, or a byte of data. Less ethical traders, and the biggest banks are here indicted, manipulate rates to their own advantage and are not above colluding to do so.
With the gold standard long gone, although British currency notes still comically promise to pay the bearer of money bills the face amount on the paper bill should they demand it, there is nothing real behind today's paper, plastic and increasingly digital money. And as soon as enough people realise this and lose faith in the facade, the system is due for a crisis of confidence and a crash on a scale never before seen. Speculative trading made worse by criminal manipulation by big players in the system who ought to be keepers and protectors of the inherently shaky system can only hasten the day.
The story continues: The penalties imposed on the banks, light though, they are a victory for the US government and reflect a broader effort by the Justice Department, long criticised as reluctant to prosecute big banks (too big to fail?) to tackle financial misconduct. But financial misconduct may be just what pushes the system to collapse. Although playing fast and loose even within the law could trigger the impending tipping point.
Over the last 18 months, the story says, prosecutors have brought criminal cases against banks accused of tax evasion and sanction violations and have reached multibillion-dollar settlements with several others for their role in the 2008 financial meltdown.
But the sting is in the tail. The story concludes, "still the punishment announced may have limited practical consequences." The banking system and specifically big banks are bigger than governments, even the US government whose currency is the currency of the world in which people and governments store their wealth. Think of Jamaica's Net International Reserves, US dollars stashed in the vaults of the Bank of Jamaica.
The Venezuelan bolivar is in free fall, losing more than 50 per cent of its value since January 1 as citizens and businesses rush to convert their money to the US dollar, in the face of mounting economic chaos and who knows how much currency speculation in the uncertainties of Chavez-Maduro socialism. Currency speculation, whether manipulated by unscrupulous and cartelised banks or otherwise, flourishes best in the kind of economic environment like Venezuela's where government controls the economy in capricious fashion counter to economic reality. Decades-old price controls, for example, leave staple items priced below rational market value. A bottle of cooking oil costs only US 20 cents even at the black market rate, with rice and sugar even cheaper. An army of black market entrepreneurs were making a killing buying subsidised gasolene in Venezuela and selling it at market price across the border in Colombia before the army was mobilised to stop it. And you can be sure the soldiers will take over the cross-border gas trade to their own benefit!
Venezuela is the world's sixth-largest exporter of oil and its economic and financial shocks can very easily spread into the world economic and financial systems. But a player doesn't have to be big to be the trigger of collapse. As they famously say in Chaos Theory, the flap of a butterfly's wing in the Amazon may set off a tornado in Texas.
Greece has become a dangerous butterfly, although it is not exactly a small player as the 44th largest economy in the world in a ranking I have seen of 188 countries. The deeply indebted country had signalled that it wouldn't have the money to meet its due May 12 payment to the IMF unless additional bailout funds were made available. Like Jamaica, borrowing more simply to pay down earlier loans. Greece pulled through at the twelfth hour and paid up through its nose. A Greek default would have serious consequences for the Eurozone.
Jamaica, the IMF poster child for calmly and quietly bearing austerity and paying up, will not default. But even such a small defaulter could pitch the world financial system off kilter from the ripple effect of uncertainty and loss of confidence. But every pettifogging banker knows that the world's debt cannot ultimately be repaid. The pretence of paying keeps some stability in a shaky system. Hence the IMF's inflexible insistence that Greece must meet its obligations and right on time, even if they kill Greeks.
But as the burdens mount, the defaults will come. What is desperately needed is a global debt jubilee to reset the system. But dogma and greed and the dominance of the banks pushing to maximise profits at all costs and by all means, fair and foul, block jubilee and hasten collapse.
Big China with its communist politics and capitalist economics has been trying to protect the yuan from the global speculators through exchange rate controls. Venezuela has tried it for the bolivar, ending up with three official exchange rates and the real rate, the black market rate, and an accelerating drift towards dollarisation.
Last week the IMF, acting as key agent for the world financial system,said it no longer believes that China's tightly controlled currency is undervalued, giving unfair advantage to Chinese exports in the world economy.
Champagne popped in many quarters late last year when China was supposed to have overtaken the United States as the world's largest economy, But China, like almost everybody else, holds its reserves in US dollars. If it isn't yet, it will soon be perfectly clear that the country in whose purely symbolic currency the wealth of the world is stored will run the world through a global financial system to which everyone will be forced to subscribe by one means or another. The banks, bigger than borders, will be quite useful in this global hegemony, now completely unavoidable. But banks and country will have to figure out how to permanently keep a step or two ahead of the threat of collapse that is built into the very core of an inherently unstable global financial system.
Seprod has struck a cash and shares deal with its largest owner to buy one of its distribution operations, Facey Consumer, at an undisclosed price.
But while Seprod will end up with new assets, the few details of the acquisition released to date suggest that the privately held Musson Jamaica conglomerate could end up with majority control of Seprod, which is a listed company on the Jamaica Stock Exchange. Musson currently holds just over 45 per cent of the manufacturing business.
The transaction for 100 per cent of Facey Consumer is pending shareholder approval of a plan to increase Seprod's authorised capital by 250 million ordinary shares. That vote is scheduled for April 9 at an extraordinary general meeting of shareholders, but, in the meantime, Seprod's top managers have been doing the rounds with some minority owners to explain the structure and implications of the Facey deal.
A portion of the new shares will be issued to Musson subsidiary Facey Group Limited as part payment for Facey Consumer, but Seprod CEO Richard Pandohie declined to say how many units are involved and whether the deal would result in Musson gaining outright control of Seprod. He said only that there are several more steps required to finalise the deal, and that the pricing of the shares would be determined by ongoing valuations and the trading price of the stock.
Under the deal, Seprod will acquire warehousing space and real estate at 53 and 61 Newport Boulevard at Newport West, Kingston, as well as food brands such as Eve and Delight, but more important for the manufacturing company's previously stated goal, it gets a large distribution network that it can leverage to market its own brands.
Pandohie says he expects the new distribution arm to be up and running under Seprod's control in the summer.
"Assuming that all goes well, we are looking at late June to early September of this year," he told the Financial Gleaner. "The truth is the earlier it happens, the better," he said on Monday.
Pandohie did not disclose the names of the shareholders involved in the briefings, but it is likely to have included the top 10 owners comprising pension funds and other institutional investors.
The second-largest owner of Seprod, the Coconut Industry Board, confirmed that it has been consulted, and its chairman, Chris Gentles, said on Tuesday that they would be voting in favour of increasing Seprod's shareholdings at the April 9 meeting.
Gentles said they decided to support the deal, which he called "a sound acquisition", even though the Coconut Board expects it to result in a dilution of its holdings.
"We're seized of the need for a competent distributor offering a very strong distribution leg as a critical strategic move. Based on the work of the independent auditors and those available for acquisition, we are comfortable with Facey," said the Coconut Board chairman.
"We're going to have a smaller share of what we believe to be a much larger take," he added, with reference to expectations that the deal would be accretive for Seprod, that is, it would add to its earnings per share.
Seprod's Chief Financial Officer Damian Dodd says the company has faced probing questions about the deal from minority owners, but is confident it is has the makings of a good deal.
"We've gone to great lengths to ensure that there is full transparency and independence in determining the price, so we commissioned an independent firm to value the business before we moved ahead with the transaction," Dodd told the Financial Gleaner.
Facey Consumer is a wholly owned subsidiary of Facey Group Limited, which is owned by the Musson Group. Seprod is also owned 45.26 per cent by Musson Jamaica Limited. And both Seprod and Musson are chaired by Paul B. Scott.
Given the overlap, although Facey Group is selling its consumer business, the operation effectively remains a member of the Musson family, albeit indirectly.
However, Pandohie and Dodd insist the transaction was done at arm's length and in line with good business practices.
"This is no different than we would have done had it been an unconnected party. We want to know that we're paying a fair price for whatever we acquire," said Dodd. "We're buying Facey's consumer business, which is the food distribution and the pharmaceutical distribution, and that will mean all assets and brands associated with it," he said.
The acquisition of Facey Consumer is being announced a month after Pandohie initially disclosed that he hoped to wrap up such a distribution deal by April, even as Seprod was pressing ahead with other plans to add a distribution operation at Felix Fox Boulevard, which will operate as a special economic zone, for products destined for export.
"This is doing what we were telegraphing. Facey has tremendous infrastructure and distribution capability, but for where we are going we will still need additional investment and we still want to consolidate the operations as close to us as possible, because we want to create the special economic zone," Pandohie said.
Seprod is projecting to grow exports by 40 per cent annually. Foreign sales now contribute 15 per cent of group revenue, but Pandohie expects to grow that to around 30-35 per cent of total revenue in two to three years.
Vassell Reynolds, coach of defending daCosta Cup champions Rusea's High School, says that he is looking to go one better than western rivals Cornwall College, with both successfully defending the daCosta Cup title on four separate occasions.
The 2018 schoolboy football season will kick off with a double-header at the Montego Bay Sports Complex in Catherine Hall. At 3 p.m., the defending Manning Cup champions, Jamaica College, will take on Hydel High School before defending daCosta Cup kings Rusea's battle Green Island High School at 6 p.m. The day will also feature 29 other matches in the daCosta Cup competition.
"It means everything to the school community, the fans at large in Lucea, and in western Jamaica that the team come out on top of their western rivals. The fans will want to establish bragging rights in their own way, hence to win would give them that sense of pride and gratitude," said Reynolds.
"The match pits two long-time rivals, and to us, it is important to come out on top. It is important we remain mentally and psychologically steadfast in our effort to get a positive result, not just in the first encounter, but also throughout the competition in our quest to defend the title," Reynolds added.
Reynolds, who would carve his name in history as the first coach to win back-to-back daCosta Cup titles in his first two years in charge if his Rusea's goes on to lift the title again this season, said that would be a very fulfilling feat.
"It would be very special for me to achieve such a feat, and this is one of my personal aims. As coaches, we dedicate ourselves to the development of these youngsters, and by extension, Jamaica's football. Hence, winning should come with gratitude and self-fulfilment," said Reynolds.
In addition to his route to the title defence, Reynolds was asked about his overall expectation of the 2018 daCosta Cup season, especially with the recent changes and increased investment from sponsors.
"Based on what I have seen over the past six or seven weeks, there will be no clear favourite. A couple of the usual top teams are rebuilding while others have made steps to improve the level of performance. I also believe this year's competition might be one of the most competitive in years. However, at the end of the day, though, I strongly feel it will come down to the usual central versus west, geographically, with a few upsets here and there," said Reynolds.
It’s Friday and you know what that means…a roundup of my favorite things this week. We are getting back into the swing of things on the home front, working our way through piles and piles of laundry and having some fun in between. Here are some things I’m loving this week, please share yours in the comments!
The Wax Room is an awesome place located here in Reading, MA. Who likes bikini waxes? No one I know! I dislike them so fiercely that I put it off until, well, let’s say I’ll scare the other beachgoers. My experience at The Wax Room was, dare I say, PLEASANT! Bryanna is a pro and I never even screamed. She offers a host of services and booking online was a breeze. Definitely check out The Wax Room if you are in the area!
Last week while on vacation, I had the luxury of starting-and finishing-a book! And what a book it was. When Breath Becomes Air is the account of the life of Paul Kalanithi, in his own words, as he faces cancer at a young age. Poignantly written, I couldn’t put it down. This is one book that won’t be forgotten for a long time.
We found this puzzle for Griff last week and he has been obsessed with it ever since. The pieces are magnetic, making it a huge draw for him. You can find it on Amazon here.
Here’s a list of easy make-ahead breakfasts compiled by Julie at Peanut Butter Fingers. She’s a blogger I follow and these are really great options. I especially love the fritatta!
Choosing the right LED grow lights for your aquarium plants might seem time consuming and challenging as there are many different options available in the market.
Let’s find out if LEDs are powerful enough to grow plants and find out if they are better than the alternative aquarium grow lighting set ups.
1st generation LED grow lamps were much simpler with less color options to choose from; just red and blue were available, which wouldn’t be sufficient for most aquarium plants.
Newer LED technology incorporates a larger amount of light that will work much better for helping your aquarium plants grow successfully.
First, you will need to know the different characteristics of the types of plants you are looking to grow. Look for size, shape and height of the plants you plan to have in your aquarium.
You will also need to look for the light intensity requirements of each plant and know whether or not they are sensitive to heat. Thankfully, most available LED setups come with menus and data sheets to make it easy to calculate the necessary specifications of light illumination and watts per gallon needed.
Many people argue that LED lights don’t provide enough PAR for aquarium plants to thrive but this simply isn’t the case!
With the latest technology, you’re able to find LED grow lights for your aquarium plants that match and even exceed the PAR output of a metal halide system!
Energy Efficient: LED’s will consume less energy than other aquarium lighting options and because of this, you will save more money!
Growth Efficiency: You’re able to choose LEDs that target wavelengths that plants absorb. With accurate absorption, your plants will thrive.
Long Lifespan: You can run your LED lights for up to 50,000 hours before they will need to be replaced.
Getting the Right Wavelength: Achieving the correct wavelengths in the correct amounts might be a challenge but this can be easily solved with controllers and drivers.
Lights Reaching the Bottom of the Tank: You might require 2 set ups to produce enough even light for a larger tank.
Heat Production: LEDs are not ideal for plants that are sensitive to heat but they are still cooler than the traditional metal halide system.
More Expensive: The up front costs for large aquariums LED grow light setups can be around $150 each.
In this day and age, you are able to find several suitable LED grow lights in the market. Hobbyists now have some very viable options to choose from.
Finnex is a well-known brand when it comes to LEDs, it’s no surprise that they’ve made LEDs to cater for the planted tank crowd.
The Ray2 features two LED light strips with 7000K output each which makes it ideal even for the most demanding aquarium plants. The dual strips also helps to cover a broader surface area for your tank.
Finnex has done a great job with the design of this LED fixture. It’s small, sleek and the mount fits very well on standard sized aquariums.
One thing to note is that, these lights are bright! So bright that you might get an algae issue, so be sure to use CO2 and dose fertilizer to avoid this. So, this might not be suitable for those of you running a low tech tank.
For the price, longevity and quality, this is a great choice for an aquarist looking for the perfect aquarium grow lights for “Hi Tech” tank setups.
While the Finnex Ray 2 is perfect for a “Hi Tech” tank, the Finnex FugeRay Planted+ is more catered to the low tech tank.
But that’s not to say that this won’t benefit your tank if you’re injecting CO2 and dosing your tank too. It’s just the best option for low tech tank owners.
This ultra modern slim and light aquarium LED set up has enough output to grow low to med light plants.
If you’re upgrading from a fluorescent setup, don’t be surprised by how drastic the change will be. Those who have taken the plunge has vowed to never go back.
Best Deal: How would you like to buy the Finnex FugeRay Planted+ for up to 33% less than the list price plus FREE shipping. Get it delivered to your doorstep for free here: claim deal here
This Marineland LED Light are among the most popular among planted tank owners. There are many different sizes to choose from (ranging from 18 to 60 inches) to suit tanks of different sizes.
This slim Marineland Aquatic Plant LED setup will give you a full spectrum of light (1 watt 6500k white and 3 watt RGB LEDs), which will help your aquatic plants grow.
It also has easy to use controls and an integrated timers with lunar and daytime settings. This setup does such a good job that you might even need to trim your plants back from time to time.
Best Deal: Amazon is currently offering this Marineland LED Light for 52% less than the list price plus FREE shipping. This awesome deal won’t last for long, check it out here (before it’s too late!)
As you can see, LED lights should be considered as one of the best LED grow lights for your aquarium plants. They might have a few downsides like cost and heat production but the benefits far outweigh the downsides.
They are easy to maintain, provide great controllable light to stimulate plant growth, are cost effective, energy efficient and will outlast any bulb system.
Do you have experiences with LEDs for growing aquarium plants? We’d love to hear all about it in the comments section below.
Dennis is an experienced aquarist with many years of knowledge and experience in keeping successful tanks. He also has no relations to the pop group Hanson.
Sign up today for free and be the first to get notified on new updates with the latest news, reviews, tips & guides for a better aquarium at home!
Would the innex FugeRay Planted+ Aquarium Light Plus Moonlights work well for a planted 29 gallon tank where the light would be about 22 inches from the substrate or should I add more substrate?
Finnex are junk LEDs. aquaray LEDs are by far superior…in performance proper lighting spectrum longevity
All you need to know in the comparison between an aquaray and finnex aside from the fact the aquaray has by far more PUR,is the finnex has a limited 180day warranty and aquaray is 5yrs no questions asked warranty….
Your statement is ridiculously invalid. Check the top notch aquascapes on various forums using a Finnex and you’ll find slim to none complaints. Same goes for the other leading brands like CurrentUSA for planted aquaria. AquaRAYS need that long warranty because they flicker like fireworks and their controllers are garbage.
Finnex is a Chinese made junk really. It’s all Chinese through and through. I guess how it’s being marketed plus pricing wise, are attractive for most who fell for their marketing gimmicks – hence the leading brand. Really, you got to look beyond its aesthetic, functionality and “herded mentality” of forum frequenters. Technical wise, many of these LEDs are not to the mark. CurrentUSA make up for it shortfall with lots of unnecessary functions which you don’t really need.
Aquaray is good but it does has this flickering problem which I’m not sure if it was already rectified. Kessil is top notch as well. Zetlight is another to name a few.
I wouldn’t know as I use the Current Sat+ Pro. Planted forums rave about my Current, Finnex, and BML and all have proven results to show (not so much BML as they’re relatively new but I have no reason to doubt they’re great). And yes, I hope the flickering problem with Aquaray is resolved as it was the reason I had to purchase the Sat+ last second in a bind. Side note, isn’t aquarium-digest the same guy using different names and blogs to promote the Aquarays? I think I saw a post somewhere that aquarium digest and aquarium opinion are the same guys that distribute the Aquaray and try to be sneaky on forums and such bad mouthing other LED companies. It’s a shame and kind of funny, someone pointed out that they are older guys and have no idea that every site and post they make is easily traced back to them and they have no idea.
I’m new to planted aquariums. I have very little knowledge on lighting for plants. I have been reading articles for 3 days. This page has been helpful. I would like some opinions for lighting my 135 gallon and it will be moderately planted. Thanks in advance.
Dear sir we are currently searching for led lights for a series of tanks in our fish room and would like to find an led with 25% red,25% blue and 50% white they surely must be available at a reasonable price ie either under $100.00 could you please guide me to purchase 90cm and 120 cm models .We need about 5x90cm ,the same 120cm and 2-3 60cm if yo can find something close to my requirements you will possibly win the order Kind Regards Steven Henson.
For those on a very limited budget. Consider the LED lighting designed for normal donestic use, there’s lots to choose from and with different light spectrums. Look for a ‘warm white’ which will contain some of the necessary red frequency that plants need. There is,of all things, an LED fitting with around 20 LED’s that is designed to fit around your parasol pole in the garden. I have used several of these, they are much, much cheaper than purpose made aquarium lights and are easy to adapt to fit over your tank. I have had good results with plant growth with these. Most of them are powered just by batteries, but there are some with input for plugging in a low voltage power supply, or you could just buy a couple of sets of rechargeable batteries, swopping them as needed.
A footnote to my earlier post: due to their lower light output levels, the LED lights that I recommended are really only suitable for small tanks, but as I stated, they should still give reasonable plant growth with around 16 hours operation per day.
Holy cow! I decided to look into that aquarium digest recommended reading, and I have to say, the pricing of these lights are a lot for someone like myself, just starting out, and without a fortune to spend. My boyfriend and I started our first ever planted tank almost a year ago. We had started with a 16 gallon, and had only recently learned about and mastered cycling, water testing, and the very basics. We bought a 55 gallon, and decided we wanted to try a low tech planted aquarium. I bought a Current USA, knowing full well that it wouldn’t be enough light for the plants, but I wanted it for the ridiculous effects, just for fun. It has been fun, and entertaining. After that, we added the finnex ray2. Using both lights, we have had a lot of success with our plants. We have a variety of plants that range from low light, to medium/high, and they seem to be doing alright. We have to trim often, and even our plant that are short, growing close to our substrate, continue to send out runners and spread, and thrive. Recently, we have been thinking of adding another light, and possibly trying our hand at a co2 system. I don’t think we would have ever even tried, if we thought we had to spend $840.00 on lights. Our tank may not have the most expensive, top of the line lighting, but it is very pretty, and I have enjoyed watching all our pretty plants grow, sometimes more than an inch a day! My advice to newcomers, don’t be discouraged, or think you can’t do it just because you can’t spend a ton of money. Have fun, experiment, learn, and enjoy.
This statement “flicker like fireworks and their controllers are garbage.” is an uneducated non user experience review. AquaRay sells 1000s of fixtures each year and maybe .05% ever will flicker and when they do, 99% it’s because someone poor mounting with no ventilation. AquaRay are the true leaders of aquarium LEDs and if you even look at the aquascapers out there, big name scapers use or have used AR.
No fans, low watts, waterproof, licensed emitters, long full replacement warranty. If anyone can deny the AR fixture, it’s because they dont understand it, or they already have a bias to the light. Plain and simple.
I just got beamworks 6500k hi lumen 90 it doesn’t have red or blue but it is 3300lumens for 40$ new I have a secondary single light bar for the full spectrum part together about 60 it works well
Aquaray from the UK are hands down the best aquarium grow lights on the market. A very liberal 5yr warranty return it for any reason. Have nothing but great results using Aquray LEDs
Hi all. I just got a deebow led light that is 5550 to 6650k not sure about the lumen 120cm would that be ok for an 18 1/2 inch depth aquarium..
I’ve also got a deebow LED light and was wondering it’s quality. Currently it growing relatively medium light plants well in a 30cm tall tank; would it be capable of growing high lights as well. Or would additional fixtures be required.
I am just starting a 10 gallon aquaponic aquarium. With the grow bed above the tank, obviously no light will reach the aquarium, so I am looking for a good submersible light for the tank, hopefully one that has enough light to provide light to growing plants in the tank. Is it even possible to supply tanks with enough light to grow using a submersible?
Yes, LED lamps are best for aquarium plants but the problem is the steep price. Do anyone know these lamps at a price range of 30-40 USD ?
I want to purchase the Fluval Spec 2.8 gallon aquarium set. Are the LED lights that come with the aquarium set sufficient to light a live planted tank?
Question Im new to doing a planted tank if I have a high output t5 LED light if I use glass tops on top of tank will that hinder growing of plants ? I have free flying parrots in home has to be kept safe for them .
these work better then i had expected. i was able to grown jalapenos in the middle of the winter in my basement
considering they specialize in hydroponics/grow lights and not reef tank lighting, I imagine their grow lights are pretty damn good and affordable.
The best LED I’ve used is the Arcadia classica LED stretch. It’s a thin strip but boy! Does it give light!!! I bought 2 fearing that one won’t reach the bottom of my 4ft tank. Only was wrong. 2 induced algae, 1 is perfect. When my plants have matured enough I will switch the 2nd on. I dose using fluval 88 system and TNC carbon. I also use TMC nutrasoil which provides all nutrients in the water column. Doesn’t stop me from adding TNC complete on a water change tho. Plants are thriving, Arcadia is a trusted name. They do t8s and t5s too but I prefer open top with an led. (Or 2). The strip also comes in marine. I bought tropical with the warmer pink colour combined with the white. the marine has blue instead of pink. You can use both colours or just one at a time. Go with Arcadia, always a good choice!
All of you are nuts spending all that money on aquarium supplies. The only thing you have to do is put the tank in direct sunlight in a south facing window. To make a truly natural aquarium, use pond gravel as your base, plant your water plants, add your fish, make sure you keep the small snails on the plants. In short order you will have a natural aquarium. If the tank is big enough and the fish are properly populated you will have a tank that doesn’t even require a filter. Get over yourselves. You cant mimic true mother nature. What are you going to do when the economic collapse hits and there is no electricity? Learn how the real earth treats its inhabitants. NO ELECTRICS, NO MACHINES. Think real, not fake. You are only wasting your money and are not learning a thing about nature, your only putting it on life support. Start reading, stop spending.
Harbinger, no we can’t possibly mimic nature, but what your proposing is ridiculous. The only real is a backyard stream where everything grows as God intended it too.
Help. I need a grow light for a small 3 gallon betta square Tetra Acrylic tank. I want to add a few common live plants. Where can I get a light small enough for this tank? And can you please be specific about name brand, size, etc. I am new to all this. Thanks
I am again reviewing different lighting options after purchasing a Finnex product. I absolutely loved my Finnex LED product, while it worked. There is a 90 day warranty for a reason and the problem I am having is apparently quite common (faulty power supply). The light worked exactly as desired but the quality is not there for such an expensive product. I strongly recommend finding an option from another manufacturer.
Join thousands of other aquarists like you and receive the latest updates, tips and special deals direct to your inbox, for FREE!
An online aquariums magazine dedicated in providing the best content for the enthusiastic aquarists, from beginners to the more experienced.
Fish make great pets. They can are great to look at and relatively low on the maintenance. All you need to do is feed them a few times a day and make sure that their aquarium is clean. Sounds easy enough right? Well for the most part keeping the aquarium clean is easy work but not if you don’t have the right filtration system.
Having the right filtration system will be the big difference maker when it comes to how much time you actually have to spend cleaning your tank. You want to make sure you get the right filtration system for your freshwater aquarium. Let’s take a look at 5 of the best filtration systems for your freshwater aquarium.
The Cascade 1000 Canister Filter seems to be a top choice in the freshwater aquarium market. This superior filter can be used in any size tank that is 100 gallons or less.
This freshwater aquarium filtration system pumps up to 265 gallons per hour! But that’s not all it does.
Fine particulate matter which would otherwise buildup in your tank is removed thanks to the floss pad.
The Cascade 1000 Canister Filter seems to be a popular choice among freshwater aquarium owners. If you want crystal clear water in your aquarium this might be the right choice for you!
Recommended Retailer : Amazon is currently offering this Cascade Canister Filter for below $99 plus you get free shipping. Click here to check the offer
Whether you have experience with freshwater aquariums or you’re brand new to them this filter is a great addition to your tank. The Emperor 400 is perfect for aquariums that are 80 gallons or less.
With its 3 stage filtration system this powerful filter has a flow rate of up to 400 gallons per hour.
Dual impeller design delivers professional grade filtration. The main impeller drives the water through the mechanical and chemical filtration systems. The secondary impeller pressurizes the filtered water.
The extra-large BIO-wheel comes with a noise reducing cover. This is perfect for you if you want to keep your tank quiet.
The Emperor 400 is the only filter on the market that incorporates the dual impeller design. This innovative design makes this filter unique and reliable. This is definitely a good choice for you if you have a tank that is 80 gallons or less.
Recommended Retailer: Yet another awesome deal from Amazon, the Emperor 400 is now at a 71% discount on Amazon! Don’t miss this deal here
If you want to take aquarium filtration to the next level this is the filter for you. High on quality and low on maintenance the Fluval 406 is the perfect choice for any tank that is 100 gallons or less.
The Fluval 406 is best suited for anyone who wants the absolute best quality filtration. This filtration system is backed by a three year warranty. With a great reputation and a great warranty you can’t go wrong if you decide to purchase this filter.
This filter is perfect for freshwater aquariums that are 75 gallons or less. The XP2 has a flow rate of up to 300 gallons per hour which is amazing for its price range.
The XP2 will keep you aquarium clean and will keep itself quiet. This filter is great for you if you don’t have much time for maintenance but want the cleanest aquarium possible. With quality made parts and an easy setup this filter is a great addition to any aquarium.
For such a small filter you wouldn’t expect the AquaClear 110 to be so powerful. Don’t let size fool you. This filter is one of the best on the market.
Despite its size this powerful filter is great for tanks that are 110 gallons or less. This filter is energy efficient and pumps up to 500 gallons per hour.
The media system includes patented re-circulation grid and multi-filter media stacking. This allows water to be passed through the media filter more than once. This custom contributes to the superior water quality.
The custom intake “U” tube directs unfiltered water through filter inserts. This process traps particles and debris that could pollute the water.
This filter is perfect for you if you’re looking for something with power that won’t take up much space. The company is so confident in its product that it offers a lifetime warranty. This is a great option for anyone in need of a superior filtration system.
When it comes to freshwater aquarium filtration systems you have a lot of options. The hardest part is finding the right one for you and your tank. The filters listed above is a great place to start.
However, I’d suggest doing a little bit more research and read up on what other aquarists have to say too. Be sure to make sure that reviewer has a similar to setup as yours to fully gauge its effectiveness. As this may vary based on different freshwater aquarium setups.
If you need further guidance, be sure to read our short guide on freshwater aquarium filters. This covers the 5 things you should know about filters and understanding this will help you make a better choice.
Share your thoughts and experience with us and other hobbyists in the comments section below. We’d love to hear about other brands too!
I also would recommend sponge filters if you are wanting to breed any type of aquarium inhabitants. They provide the mechanical and biological filtration necessary, without endangering any of the baby fish.
I can’t decide between Cascade 1000 and the AquaClear 110. Cascade 1000 seems to have a pretty comprehensive mechanism but the AquaClear 110’s lifetime warranty sounds like a solid promise.
My aquarium purchase came with the free Aquaclear 110 power filter. Not that I really understand its mechanical quality but so far, I’ve not had any algae problem for a year already so it seems to doing its job right.
Ive got a new 4Ft tank -+ 80US Gal. I purchased 2 x Aquaclear 110 and the water quality and clarity is truly superior. I recommend it anytime.
I have the Filstar XP2 as I personally prefer convenience of minimal maintenance. They each have their own specific design and own quality strengths, so it can be hard to compare effectiveness wise!
Julius – You can use more than one filter, just be aware of how much water turbulence you create by doing so. Too much water movement can harm fish, but the extra filtration offered may improve water quality and overall fish health as a result.
I’ve had a Fluval canister filter for two years now, and within the last few months it’s begun to leak. I’ve greased the o-ring, and have ensured that everything is properly aligned. Unfortunately the first time the leak happened it damaged some hardwood. I now run the filter in a large bucket, which I have to empty daily. Obviously I’m in the market for a new filter now, and even though the Fluval comes with a three year warranty which is still valid for my 206, that hardly does my fish any good while the filter is out for service. Better than a warranty is simple reliability. Do a quick search for leak problems with Fluval’s and you’ll find many people with the same issue. I also checked into the Cascade 1000 above, and though I’ve not personally tested it, I’ve seen the same problems mentioned by others online that the Fluval has with leaking.
Are under gravel filters a thing of the past? I’m not a big fan of them anyway, but I’m suspect of the biological filtration provided by canister filters. When it’s time to clean the canister filter, doesn;t that ruin the biological setup within and it just has to start over?
If I don’t use an undergravel then I should be able to have just enough gravel to cover the bottom of the tank, correct?
How often to clean your filter media depends on how quickly it gets dirty. If your aquarium is heavily stocked and filter is less powerful you need to clean it even on weekly basis.
I will suggest for you to buy a filter having intake of somewhere around 100 – 110 gallon per hour. And look for output water flow, if it decreases, it’s time to clean the filter.
You can either use single powerful canister filter which may come hard on your pocket or if you are not using sand you can go ahead with a HOB filter along with a power head filter.
I’ve used Aquaclear over the tank filters for many years and they work well.but if the filter media is not inserted properly it’s very easy for the water to bypass.
I find that my eheim 350t works incredibly well in my planted aquarium, and gets rid if the need to put in an inline heater, or a heater in the tank. It has trays and trays of biological and mechanic filter media, and works for all kinds of freshwater aquariums. I’ve used many clip on, and external canister filters as well as in tank filters after 8 years of fishkeeping, and this is honestly the best I have ever used.
So they are all relatively good filters but the BONUS question-which one will make my life the easiest when it comes to cleaning, regular maintenance?
I have a 125 gallon tank I am planning on keeping 2 big bluegills and 2 big crappies need advice on the best filter and arriator
Use a canister filter or a sump, those are the better filtration methods to keep big fishes(which produce a lot of waste).
I have a planted 75 gallon freshwater tank with many rainbowfish and a cranky old angelfish. I find getting into/out of canisters a little cumbersome, and time has become a bit more dear now that I have kids. So I run my old classic Eheim (165gph) with biological media+ an Aquaclear 70 (300gph) with 1 sponge and filter fluff in a bag. That way I get the benefits of a slower flow canister for bio (which doesn’t require much maintence and contact time is the key with bio filtration), and the ease of being able to change filter fluff weekly (takes only 2min- hence gets done routinely). With 30% water weekly water change my tank is crystal clear, and my nitrates are always <20 (usually <10). I can get weekly maintence done in 15 minutes! I am a fan of having 2 of anything, so if one device craps out u have the other going.
I think a better representation of the “best filters” would include a voting poll of aquarists and not just your opinion.
After doing hours of research on this.. I have come to the conclusion that the “Aqua Clear” filters are hands down the BEST. Good post though still!
Do these filters work for turtles? I have two large red-eared sliders and the Eheim filter does an ok, but not great job. The turtles are dirty creatures,and frequently stir up all sorts of debris in the water. Suggestions?
I have been using a two Fluval 406s for over a year and they are phenomenal. I have one on my 100 gallon community with some no name brand canister filter. The other is on my 55 gallon bichir tank. No problems what so ever. No loud noise and I have great filtration. Literally a week ago I thought my 406 on my community tank was rattling. I went to service the 406 and when I removed power the rattling did not stop. The air pump was rattling. But this caused me to look for a way to fix the noise. I came across this video and this was what I was going to try. I also have an eheim 2071 on my FH tank and it runs great too. I am debating between another eheim 2071 and fluval 406 to supplement my FH tank. I may stick with the eheim to keep the FH tank eheim and move the bichir fluval 406 go my community and sell the bichir. I have only ever had problems with off beat brand canister filters. Hope this helps.
Fluval 406 should be renamed as a Super Duper Loud Fluval 406. This thing is really loud and i can’t believe myself that i actually fall in love with their marketing and misleading description. I owned 2 Eheim filters in the past and they were doing fine but i was greedy and wanted to get a better one with bigger capacity for biomedia, carbon bangs, different sponges and fine wool floss etc. So i made some research and read their description about 406 product as it is described as silent running filter etc. So i made a (rather stupid) decision and sold both of my used Eheim filters with a ridiculously cheap price on eBay and i bought the 406 and i massively regret after using this crappy filter. There are also tons of customers who have experienced this noise problem of 406. I tried so many ways to fix the problem but it does not work. My old Eheim products were much better than this new crappy fluval 406. will never buy again. never.
I have an oscar and two turtles in a 55 gal tank. every week i have to clean waste from gravel. I also have a 55 gal tank with community fish that i clean gravel every two weeks. i am looking for a way to enjoy my tanks without having to clean gravel all the time.
I recently bought the Emperor filter and have found it to be very noisy. In spite of the noise-reduction cover, it is LOUD and very annoying, especially to my wife. What is the QUIETEST quality filter you have experience with? My marriage may depend on your input. 😉
I have a Fluval 306 that developed a leak after about 4 years at the hose coupling, actually at the swivel where the flow adjustment is. I figured i didnt trust repairing it so I replaced it with a new Fluval 306 since i figured it was cheaper than potentially replacing my floor. After about 3 months at its second disassembly for cleaning I found one of the small plastic tabs that holds the impeller cover on was missing. It obviously has broken off but I couldnt find it anywhere. I called Fluval amd was told i would have to purchase one. The only thing the 3 year warranty covers is the motor. So don’t be misled by what sounds like a good warranty. I expected better for a filter that was $150 or so.
I am interested in setting up a fresh water 210 gallon. The plan is to house several large South American cichlids. What would you recommend for filtration. UG is not an option he fish most likely will disturb gravel.
Thanks for your list. I also am a fan of the Cascade 1000 as well, but the Fluval 406 is my pick to click. Its great for larger size aquariums and is the largest Fluval external canister in its class (106-306). The pump output is outstanding and anyone would be delighted in how this filter will circulate up to 245 gallons per hour.
I am replacing 2 Aqua Clear 70 filters for my 125 gallon Amazon sevrum tank. These Aqua Clear filters are not very effective for the best filtration, because of the way the water flow through the system. Although the flow rate is very strong, the water going into the sponge filter media area seems to not move through the media very well. A really good HOB filter is Tetra Whisper. They seem to be much more effective keeping and cleaning my 55 gallon for water quality. I’m now going to a Sunsun canister 4 stage filter for my 125 gallon tank. This SunSun filter is powerful and silent. Moves 525 gph. You can load 4 types of filtration items in big trays. Under $100 and comes with a built in UV light. It has had great customer reviews. So far working great for me. Btw, I studied this filter for 3 years before purchasing it. Wanted to make sure people had owned it for a couple years before buying one myself.
I had an eheim ecco on a 100 gallon turtle tank with three RES.This filter did not keep the tank clean at all so I recently switched to a Fluval 404.The tank is now crystal clear (for a turtle tank) and the water flow is outstanding.
I also use a Fluval on my 75 gallon cichlid tank as well as 2 Aquaclear 50s.The Aquaclears handle the mechanical filtering with sponge and floss which is easily changed over compared to the maintenance on a canister filter.
My daughter has a 60gal tank in her room with coi. They are quite dirty fish. I like what I am reading about on the AquaClear and Cascade 1000. We are looking for a super quiet, easy to clean and easy is a must because the one she has now is not easy, and one that you clean less often than weekly! I really want a professional quality one. Help:)Thanks!
One type not mentioned here is the hamburg matten filter (HMF). Excellent option for those with tanks less than 75G and for fry tanks. There are videos on youtube showing how to make them. Very simple but effective design which is used widely in European fish keeping. I use HMF on my 38G which houses juvenille african cichlids and my water is crystal clear. They also require minimal maintenance or replacing. I will also be using HMF on my 164G when I set it up to supplement my canister filter.
Hey Dennis, reading of your knowledge and experience what is your suggestion on keeping the base (gravel) clean ? I remember the ‘undergravel filters’ but they don’t seem to be used anymore,,,
I can’t believe there are no Eheim filters in top 5 here!! Having had a number of filters over the last 15yrs either noisy leaking or just rubbish i find Eheim filters to be the best by a long way. My 350T has heater built in and runs very quiet and with no problems at all. A lot of other research puts Eheim near the top quality and best out there!
Would appreciate any thoughts/opinions on fish r fun self contained pressurised box filters. I have f r f 780. aquarium @cabinet
I looked up the AquaClear 110 and according to Amazon.ca the product only carries a 2 year warranty – not a lifetime warranty. Wish I could find one that does have a lifetime warranty and doesn’t cost a fortune!
That picture of the AC110 is very misleading… The filter is huge, over a foot in length, about a foot tall, and half a foot in depth. I have two aquaclears, a 110 and a 50 and they’re both highly recommended. The best attributes of the 110 is the convenience of cleaning and it adds about a gallon of volume to the tank.
I have a planted 75 gal. tank and I’ve had several Fluvals 305 and 405s. They all lasted a couple or three years and then started breaking down. I gave up and bought a couple of Penguin 400s. They are noisy and get dirty quickly. The proprietary filters are a rip off. Does any one remember when you could buy a box of charcoal for cheap? I’m considering now making my own canister filter.
If you are wanting the best cleaners pick a cartridge filter that does not require “their” media or pads. HOB filters have such a limited biological filtering effect that they do little more than mechanically filter the water. Small tanks (30 gallons and under) can work OK with HOB filters and some secondary filter method like a UG. If you want the filter listed here that is best for your fish, its hands down the Cascade 1000. The GPH figure means virtually nothing. Each manufacturer lies about these figures and does their testing in best world scenarios which will never be your situation. Use filters that allow a good 1st stage mechanical filtration followed by a 2nd stage of biological filtration. Use a filter that allows you to use your own choice of media. Carbon is nearly useless in the filter world as is one of the biggest scams of the industry. You only need carbon if you are trying to remove medicine or plant tannins from the water. The best biological filter media you can put in a filter is BioHome Ultimate without any doubt. You have to order it online. And no I don’t work for them. I keep 18 tanks from 6 gallon all the way up to a 370 gallon and I can tell you this stuff is great. Of course the best filter is the one that is best for YOU. Cartridge filters with baskets are best for your fish but are not the easiest to clean. HOB filters are easy to clean but you pay gobs of money buying their cartridges to plug in which often aren’t more than a coarse sponge bag holding carbon.
P.S. Forgot to mention that you should read up on the nitrogen cycle before trying to keep fish. Fish keepers must know this to be successful. Just google it and youll find lots of places for that info.
I also should have mentioned that if you have over 100 gallon tanks, ots time to do sump filtering. Sumps are noisy and require plumbing of tanks so I wouldn’t imagine too many people with under 100 gallons would want to go that route. But these are the best filters. Just not too applicable to the smaller tank aquarist.
Sump Filtration does not have to be noisy, it depends on how you set the sump up. I’ve been using sumps for years and found them no more noisy than regular aquarium filters. It just depends on how you set the flow up to the sump. I do agree for larger aquariums it is the best way to go. The initial set up is more involved, but the maintenance can be made much easier than a traditional canister filter.
Having recently got back into fish keeping I’ve set up a 90litre tank and have always found fluval filters pretty good in the past having used the 203 canister ones. I managed to get a good second hand fluval 404 cheapon eBay, which I think is a couple of models before the 406. Much more refined than the older models, very quiet and works really well. Would probably always go with a fluval myself.
marine land is the biggest piece of shit, i have never had a marine land filter last more than a year. use aqua clear its much better. marine land also pays for their reviews just an FYI don’t waste your money
I’ve used the Emperor 400 and smaller Marineland filters my entire life. I have a heavily planted, heavily stocked community tank and I’m always complimented on my water clarity. I’ve only gotten noise during the initial start up. Every now and then I have to poke the spray bars but everything still keeps flowing as normal. I haven’t done a water changes since I set the tank up 4 years ago. I know I’m getting away with a lot, but being on sea duty wouldn’t allow me to take care of the aquarium the way I’ve done in the past, I also do see a need to interrupt something that seems to be working just fine. I am partial to Marineland products. If Riley is true, I hope Marineland cuts me a check soon cause I could use the money to get more Emperor 400’s
I had two canisters leak one after the other ,causing damage to flooring, im now using two aqueon hob cilters for my 55gallon cichlid tank,from reading all these posts that might not be good enough, but i dont feel that i can ever trust a canister again
I have a filstar xp-m fir my 60 gallon tank and my tank is always cloudy ammonia extremely high and fish die constantly. Petsmart are all idiots who are twlling me all the wrong this i have spent nearly 5 grand in tanks fish chemicals and new filters to add to the filstar and no success. I am upset nd tearful fir the loss of my fish. Nothing i do works. I bought ammonia remover and chemicals for the filter and nothing works.
I dont normally leave comments but i feel compelled to save your marriage. For those looking for quiet filter, I recommend you to get aquaclear hang on filter. I got the aquaclear 30/150 and I’m amazed that there’s no sound at all. Not even the water sound. Nothing, nada. I thought that I’d here serenity from water fall from my filter but even the waterfall doesn’t have any sound. It is that good. I’m not exaggerating here. The filter is customizable and is super duper effective. Now I look at other brands of filter, I’m like “meh….”
I have a big glass tank which is 4 * 2*2 it houses three giant guramee fish. The filtering system is a natural one which has porcelain cubes and some sponges. But the filtering system is literally useless as the tank is constantly discolored. Pleaae be kibd enough to suggest me a solution
I have a 100l tank with a another 100l tank as a sump when I had a marine set up . Now I have a tropical tank and am using the sump as my filter , I am wondering if this is a good idea or if I should go back to a ext filter ?
I purchased the Cascade 700 2 years ago.No problems until it started leaking. Changed the gaskets and replaced the canister and still leaks. Good luck getting support from Penn Plax. Left several messages and emails, no response and customer service only there 2 hours a day.
Hi can you tell me what is the best filtration systems that will deal with AMMONIA nitrite nitrate ,thak you pat
Hey Dennis love your website and great post. I personally love anything from Fluval especially their canister filters. Right now I’m running a Fluval FX6 on my Cichlid tank. Couldn’t be happier, but the Fluval 406 (in your post) is also a great filter to use.
I have an old MarineLand 350 that I have rebuilt from cheap parts ordered online. It works great on my 38 gal bowfront as a Marine solution. Now I have just broken it all down and am switching over to a Mbuna after so many years with salt. Will use it again to heavy stock an active community of Mbuna.
I have a 55 gallon that I want to start a planted tank going to use a canister filter any comments on aquatop with built in uv light Would that mess up substrate ?
I really love #5: AquaClear 110 Filter for my Aquarium. It is easy to set up, and keeps the water very clear.
I’m sorry, but this list isn’t at all helpful. I’m new to this and am looking for a filter that won’t cost me $100+, I want a nice filter that is reliable, affordable and practical for someone who is new to the hobby.
I have a 120 gallon freshwater fish tank, under gravel filter ration system with two powerheads. Old school I guess, One of my powerheads needs a replacement impeller just wondering should I replace it or buy a new filter ration system something “new school “? What are your thoughts or suggestions, thanks in advance.
I have had an Emperor 400 filter for around 13 years now and it works as good as the day I bought it. Marineland sells replaceable filter packs for ease and convenience but there are other options as cost well. The included 2 reusable grey media cartridges it comes with allow you to use low cost loose filter media such as activated carbon for chemical filtration. The unique bio wheels spin in and out of the water maximizing a healthy bacteria colony for biological filtration and never need replaced. For mechanical filtration I buy the bulk light bluebonded foam filter pads.The pads are cheap, easily to clean and can be reused many times over. The filter area even has extra slots for an additional 2 refillable media cartridges, sold separately, which can provide additional filter options if you have a crowded fish tank or just like to “over filter” your tank. Yep the Emperor 400 awesome!! I even had this filter in storage for a number of years as well in my garage in Phoenix with temperatures getting up to 120 degrees in the summer. When I decided to set my aquarium up again I was ready to buy a new filter but to my surprise the Emporer 400 primed up and went to work like a champ. I am currently using it for a 46 gallon freshwater full of tropicals, but if I ever go bigger than the 80 gallon recommended size I think I will just run 2 Emperor 400’s.
All pond solutions are doing there own canister filter and I won’t touch any other because of price and very strong .I’m running 2 of these .
API Filstar XP on a 55 Gallon freshwater tank has been the choice for me for the last 20 years. Easy to service and change out media and flawless operation. Wouldn’t even try another brand.
I have kept fish most of my life. The best brand of filter that is easy to find and economical is Eheim with many choices for different sized tanks. I agree with Aquaclear for HOB
Have had an Eheim Classic 2215 (now 350 I think) for well over 20yrs. Expensive but not in the long run. I have it paired with an Aquaclear 70 on a 75 gal tank. Highly recommended.
Visually striking in five beautiful finishes; including Lacquered Gloss Black, Lacquered Gloss White and ‘Leather effect’, the perfectly proportioned 3050 is the flagship
of the new 3000 Series. Improved twin 165mm Aramid Fibre/Paper cone drivers deliver exceptional bass extension and midrange openness, whilst the new ‘2 in 1’, Concentric Ring Dome tweeter adds astonishingly clear and smooth high frequencies. Performance is further enhanced, both sonically and aesthetically, by its integral steel ‘outrigger’ plinth with floor spikes.
All Next Working Day orders placed before 4pm are dispatched same day (Excludes bank holidays and weekends).
We're pretty sure you'll be happy with your purchase, however for details about our returns policy click here.
The perfectly proportioned 3050 speaker is the flagship of the new 3000 Series speaker range. These beautiful floorstanding speakers promise to deliver dynamics that are deep and powerful, providing the ultimate listening experience whether it be musical or movie. Perfect for larger rooms, it boasts ultra-low levels of distortion delivering the purest sound possible, which is typical of much more expensive speakers. The 3050 is the new and improved speaker from its award-winning predecessor the 2050i and enjoys multiple additions to make it even better.
The 3050s boasts improved twin drivers which deliver exceptional bass extension and midrange openness and a new '2 in 1', concentric ring dome tweeter which adds astonishingly clear and smooth high frequencies. Performance is further enhanced, both sonically and aesthetically, by its integral steel 'outrigger' plinth with floor spikes. The less movement from the speaker, the more pure and unaltered is the sound delivered.
Available in five striking finishes, the 3050s will not only enhance, but compliment your chosen environment and ensure these beautifully designed and engineered floorstanding speakers work for you. Choose from Lacquered Gloss Black, Lacquered Gloss White, Matte Graphite, American Walnut and finally, ‘Leather effect'.
Home AV Direct is one of the UK’s leading specialist for Home & Personal entertainment. Visit our amazing showroom in Hayes, West London to view, touch and listen to our Hifi and Surround sound display’s.
Our fully trained sales staff are on hand to offer expert and impartial advise. So whether you are after a full surround sound system, a new TV or a pair of headphones, you can be sure you are in good hands.
Customer satisfaction is our highest priority, this is achieved by offereing the highest quality of customer service and sales advice.
Call today to discuss any details about your order, one of our friendly team will be happy to assist you.
Perfect Of The Best Home Interior Ideas from 50 Comfortable Home Decorations collection is the most trending home decor this winter. This Fresh look was carefully discovered by our interior design designers and defined as most wanted and expected this time of the year. This Of The Best Home Interior Ideas look will definitely surprise anyone who is up for Latest Interior Design and Home decoration.
Are you looking for the best decoration ideas for your house? Then you can keep reading this article and you will find some fun Japanese modern house decorating ideas for your some of your rooms inside your home. Let us go to the main point.
The first of Japanese modern house decoration ideas is designed for your living room or your family room. What can you do to make your living room or family room looks like Japanese house? You can try to change all of your seats with legless sofas or legless seats. I’m sure you know that traditional Japanese house never use high legs sofas or seats inside their houses. Beside the furniture, you can create the atmosphere of Japanese modern house by decorate your walls. You can hang some wall art or paint your walls with bamboo plant theme, cherry tree theme, or Kanji characters theme there.
Let us go to the bedroom, what is the best of Japanese modern house decoration ideas for bedroom? If you are interested, you can place low legs bed frame or legless bed frame for Japanese modern house decoration idea for bedroom. Beside it is identical with Japanese custom, low bed frame will easier you to up and down to your bed. Or if you can’t place this kind of bed frame, you can install a bed sheet with Japanese theme like Kanji characters or the nature of Japan likes bamboo and cherry tree themes.
Last idea of Japanese modern house decoration ideas is about the bathroom decoration idea. Watch the nature of Japan and apply the landscape in your bathroom. You can plant some bonsai plants with some small bamboo plants in your bathroom. Stones and woods are the best materials you can use to make a bath tub, beside makes your bathroom looks so Japanese, it is also represent the naturalness of your bathroom. Then, by applying all of those suggestions, you will get the most Japanese house.
This is being categorized within legs matter and cherry tree subject and best materials matter plus bathroom decoration matter as well as decorating ideas subject .
© 2018 Home Decor Report. All contents published under Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic License. All rights of images and videos found on this site reserved by its respective owners.
This product may require Uplay account in order to play!Includes 5 items: Far Cry®, Far Cry® 2: Fortune’s Edition, Far Cry 3, Far Cry® 3 Deluxe Bundle DLC, Far Cry 3 – Blood DragonThe Far Cry series is a franchise of first-person shooter computer and video games, named after the first game of the series. The first game, Far Cry, is a developed by Crytek Studios in Germany and published by Ubisoft on March 23, 2004 for Microsoft Windows. Far Cry received positive reviews upon release. The original game has since spawned a series of sequels and spin-off games, such as Far Cry Instincts, Far Cry Instincts: Evolution, Far Cry Instincts: Predator, Far Cry Vengeance, Far Cry 2, Far Cry 3 and “Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon”. There is an English-language German movie, Far Cry, released in 2008, based on the game.The Far Cry franchise has been known for putting players in exotic environments, from steamy tropical islands to the blazing plains of Africa. The Far Cry series has also included an immersive map editing program that lets players create and share their own custom maps for use in multiplayer. System RequirementsOS:Windows XP, Windows Vista and Windows 7Processor:Intel Core®2 Duo E6700 @ 2.6 GHz or AMD Athlon64 X2 6000+ @ 3.0Ghz or betterMemory:4 GB RAMGraphics:512MB Video RAM (1GB Video RAM), DirectX9c (DirectX11) Shader Model 3.0 (Shader Model 5.0)DirectX®:9.0cHard Drive:15 GB HD spaceSound:DirectX Compatible (Recommended Surround Sound 5.1 capable)Other Requirements:Broadband Internet connectionAdditional:*Supported Video Cards at Time of Release: AMD Radeon™ HD 2900 / 3000 / 4000 / 5000 / 6000 / 7000 series, NVIDIA® GeForce® 8800 GTX / 9 / 200 / 400 / 500 / 600 series. Laptop versions of these cards may work, but are not supported. These chipsets are the only ones that will run this game. For the most up-to-date minimum requirement listings, please visit the FAQ on our support website at http://support.ubi.com.Requires a UPlay account
Homegoodsdealer.com seeks to be Earth's most customer-centric company, where customers can find and discover anything they might want to buy online, and endeavors to offer its customers the lowest possible prices. Site has numerous personalization features and services including one-click buying, extensive customer and editorial product reviews, gift registries, gift certificates, wish lists, restaurant and movie listings, travel, and photo processing.
Archives Select Month July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010
two tone kitchen cabinets grey and white fad design renovate 2 photos,two tone kitchen cabinets brown and white doors gray in,tone kitchen cabinets two trend i love paint companies kitchens and house gray white,two tone kitchen cabinets pictures beautiful toned with 2,two tone kitchen cabinets a concept still in trend cabinet designs photos gray and white,two tone kitchen cabinets ideas 2 fabulous,two tone kitchen cabinet with lovely design ideas cabinets gray and white doors,two tone kitchen cabinets pinterest doors 2,miscellaneous two tone kitchen cabinets interior decoration and ideas brown white modern,dual tone kitchen cabinets pictures of kitchens traditional two 2 doors.
Finding low cost homeowners insurance quotes for Bronson, does not have to be difficult. Our website is designed to help consumers like you to compare multiple providers. Enter your Zip Code in the form above and get a quick look at the top-recommended options for your area.
Very few people that get Bronson homeowners insurance actually end up finding the best rates available. They will typically go with what their current insurance provider has for them, usually bundling that in order to get a discount. However, you can find several different Florida companies that will charge far less than what your existing insurance policy actually offers. In fact, they may even give you more coverage for less money, but you have to obtain home insurance quotes on the web that can lead you to these exceptional deals.
You can obtain these quotes very quickly by going on the Internet and submitting your information to several businesses through forms that are provided. It may take you a few hours to submit them all, but you will end up with a multitude of different quotes from the companies that they directly work with. Some of them will be major carriers, whereas others may not be companies that you have ever heard of before. You can verify the authenticity of these businesses if you would like to, the more times than not, the business that is allowing you to submit your personal information will have already done that research.
The amount of money that you can save will simply depend upon the type of insurance that you are trying to get. You can save substantially on your homeowners insurance in Levy county. The premiums are typically a few thousand dollars a year, so it is possible that you could save a couple hundred dollars without any problem at all. Best of all, many of these companies offer more coverage than some of the more popular insurance providers, which means that you could insure your house in total for a much lower price. As long as you are getting these quotes, and if you can find one that is exceptional, you should consider going with that company.
The speed at which the policy will go into effect is usually quite fast. If you are coming up on your next payment with your current insurance provider, it will likely start on the same day so that you do not lose any coverage. Also remember that discounts can also be achieved by paying your premiums annually instead of making monthly payments. These are just a few other things to consider if you are looking for a way to save money on your Bronson, Florida homeowner insurance policy.
This type of insurance is absolutely essential for people that own homes, and similar insurance is necessary when you have rentals. Just make sure that you are getting the best deal possible, something that can only be determined by getting multiple quotes from different insurance providers. It will actually be very worth your while to spend this extra time, and you are not necessarily betraying the trust of your current insurance provider because you will likely keep all of your other policies. It’s just nice to know that you have options, ones that will help you save money on the insurance that protects your home.
Obtaining house owner's insurance is certainly a intelligent idea. Catastrophes often occur unexpectedly and can result in tremendous bills, and potentially the decline of your house. Possessing house owner's insurance policy will assist you cover the value of every little thing from a burst pipe, to hearth injury. home owner's insurance policies aids you to correct or rebuild your home quickly.
There are two major factors that you can guarantee are carried out to support lower your insurance fees. 1st of all, have a protection program put in. It can lessen your insurance coverage rates by several percentage details. Nonetheless, don't forget to get in touch with your agency and offer evidence of the new installation prior to anticipating to see a adjust. Furthermore, smoke alarms can help save you on premiums. This technique can decrease your annual price up to ten %.
When purchasing for home insurance, preserving income is essential. Obtaining gadgets such as smoke alarms, carbon monoxide detectors, and monitored home security alarms in place can supply excellent discounts. Keep in mind to examine these (and other) security products with your agent when negotiating your next house insurance coverage.
A excellent stability program can decrease your rates. This will assist to safeguard your home at all occasions. Doing this will make the insurance coverage business seem at your house as less risky and for that reason minimize your insurance value. Bear in mind to ship to your insurance provider documentation that your home is secured.
You can decrease your rates by putting in a protection method. These typically do not expense that a lot to place into your home and can make you come to feel secure when you have to go someplace.
Do your analysis about the security of diverse insurance organizations ahead of picking a single. You want to make certain the business will in fact be able to shell out if you at any time have to file a assert. Do that each and every 4 months right after opening your coverage, also.
Your community may well have gone by way of alterations that can cut your insurance policy rates. Things such as fireplace hydrants or fire stations positioned in close proximity to your home can reduce your charges. Be conscious of your surroundings, and converse any updates or modifications that may perhaps impact your top quality.
Elevating a deductible is a good way to reduced home insurance premiums. You have to do analysis, since small claims can price you funds and you have to pay out them, this kind of as leaky pipe harm and damaged house.
Having home owner's insurance coverage will give you peace of thoughts that no make a difference what takes place to your home, you are covered. There are several various businesses that supply insurance and a great number of diverse alternatives accessible. Use the ideas from this report to guidebook you in direction of what house owner's insurance policies is proper for you.
This is a recast kit and made from high quality white resin. It is unpainted and unassembled. Scale:1/6
Located 3.3 km from Rochester Institute of Technology, Fairfield Inn Rochester South boasts an indoor swimming pool. Built in 1995, the business hotel was renovated in 2008. You can make use of 24-hour front desk, dry cleaning service and shopping service on the premises of the hotel.
Next to Veterans Memorial Park and in the heart of Henrietta, this hotel is the place where comfort is provided. It is located 12 km from Rochester Museum & Science Center.
Climate control, television with satellite channels and a work desk are provided in each room at this hotel. Bathrooms feature a hairdryer and toiletries.
Continental breakfast is served in the bar. Guests will find a range of local meals offered at an outdoor restaurant on site. Also the hotel features the 24-hour bar. Offering various dining options, Tim Hortons and Lehigh Restaurant are about 5-minute walk away.
This accommodation features a leisure centre and an outdoor pool area onsite. Fairfield Inn Rochester South offers a gym area and a fitness centre for guests' convenience.
The staff were very friendly and helpful. The free breakfast buffet included scrambled eggs and sausage. Rooms very clean. Easy on/off access from the NYS thruway.
Wish they had a bigger dining area for breakfast. There were enough tables at 7:30 am, but it was standing room only by 9:00.
Given how Tim seems to pick movies that drive Weltall insane, he offered Weltalla choice. Unfortunately, he failed to exercise this option before the show loomed large. This left Tim with the autonomy of choice. Naturally he picked something from the nineties that was probably dredged from the bottom of a dollar bin and previously viewed.
The joint discussion, once it begins, is Screamers(1995). It’s a very similar plot to that of Avatar mized with Red Faction. There’s a valuable mineral on some planet or moon which the earth wants. Some of the local miners revolt and start a war. The earth coporation governement decides robot that can kill the locals is the best solution. The movie starts when something goes terribly wrong, of course.
Tim then briefly talks about Midnight Run(1988). It features Robert De Niro before his tough guy persona became the punchline in Ben Stiller comedies. He is taked with recovering Charle Grodin who skipped out on bail. Robert has to take Charles from Los Angeles to New York within a week while trying to keep him away from the FBI, the mob and other bounty hunters. He doesn’t manage much to say about it, other than it’s a good flick, blaming time.
Weltall then talks about a Youtube channel, Frank Howarth. Tim rolls his eyes which prompts Weltall to argue that Tim seems stuck on movies. With that out of the way, the content of the channel, named after the creator, is mostly woodworking with insane tools on projects most people will never accomplish. While there are more than a few channels and shows like this, the presentation and effot Frank puts into his videos is astounding. He turns a large majority of his project into a stop motion film and the scope of effort involved is often mind boggling and an experience well woth the price of admission.
We've got our fingers on the pulse of Anime, Manga, Video Games, Movies with reviews, rants, and stories.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005
Marvelous featured performances by Davis, Krebsbach, Janeway, Liebman, Lyddan, and Pipo complete as sensational a cast as I’ve seen in an Actors Co-op comedy … or just about anywhere else for that matter. via StageSceneLA. Read more →
during a moment when Glen is confessing to his wife that he loved his mistress in a way that didn’t interfere with his marriage the moment was genuine and true; you could honestly believe how this man got to the point of being with two women, needing them both equally and not seeing how one had anything to do with… Read more →
Just got news that I was accepted to study with Wynn Handman! Very excited as there are a good number of people that I respect who recommended him as well as a greater number out there in the field who have ties to him. A small sample of them: A noted teacher for over 50 years, in his professional acting… Read more →
This is just a default widget. It'll disappear as soon as you add your own widgets on the Widgets admin page.
The details of the race for the White House will spiral around the first presidential debate this week in Denver, which will focus on domestic issues. Both President Obama and Mitt Romney already out west getting ready for the debate; Mr. Obama held a rally in Las Vegas on Sunday …
Just over three months after a huge decision to uphold most of President Obama’s controversial health reform law, the U.S. Supreme Court convenes for its new term with a major decisions expected on affirmative action and other possible cases involving gay marriage and voting rights. Next week, the Court will …
President Obama and Mitt Romney are starting to focus even more on next week’s first Presidential debate next Wednesday in Denver, as Romney holds a fundraiser and rally in Pennsylvania, while the President will jet out to Nevada on Sunday and then take a few days to prep for that debate. …
From Dayton, Ohio – Shadowing each other across one of the most important states in any election for the White House, Mitt Romney and President Obama made their case to voters in the Buckeye State on Wednesday, making the case that their party was best positioned to turn around …
From Dayton, Ohio – As President Obama and Mitt Romney campaigned across this key state on Wednesday, it became very clear how much elections have changed in recent years. We don’t have to wait six weeks for the elections. Election Day is already here. “You can start voting in six …
A week ago, President Obama and Mitt Romney both stumped for votes on the same day in Florida, and Wednesday that type of battle occurs again in Ohio, another swing state that has shown polls trending more towards Democrats in the last few weeks. Of the last 15 polls in …
While the Congress is done with legislative business until after the November elections, the House and Senate must still convene for pro forma sessions over the next six weeks – and Democrats took advantage of that on the House floor on Tuesday. The tactic is nothing new from either party, …
While Republicans might want to switch the focus of Campaign 2012 back to domestic and economic issues, foreign policy seems likely to dominate on Tuesday as President Obama addresses the United Nations General Assembly in New York. Mitt Romney’s campaign jabbed at the President repeatedly on Monday over foreign policy …
I said about a month ago that we should wait until the week of September 24 to look at the polls for the November elections. Now that time frame is here, you cannot ignore some of the trends in those polls, both in the race for the White House and …
If you missed the wrap up of the pre-election session in Congress, it was probably because you weren’t watching C-SPAN2 at 4:03 am on Saturday morning when the Senate adjourned, setting the next vote for November 13, one week after the elections. The House got out of town at lunch …
The government is about to ink a deal that will let Pakistan buy 18 old and 18 new F-16 fighters, along with the usual accompaniment of spares, ammunition, and god knows what (training manuals!).
Now, I’m usually a very ardent support of the military, et. al., but I just cannot sleep easy thinking we will have ONLY three-six planes for 5 Gazillion-Billion-Trillion bucks. That sounds like a whole lot of waste.
Lets look at the flip side. If the textile industry exports $5 billion worth of widgets, it keeps 10,000s of people employed. In our case, we will be keeping how many people employed, or borders safe with 36 planes? Aren’t we already getting the new jet fighter that we are co-developing with the Chinese?
First lets understand what 5 Billion is??? Many of you suck at math or perhaps many of you don’t give a hoot at to how much that is – but you should. ITS YOUR MONEY and here is a good realization on how much it is…
If you had $1 Million and were to spend $1 per second, it will take you ONLY 11.57 days and you would burn (run out of all your money). That’s it – ONLY 11-and-a-half-days! Poof! gone!
Now consider if you had $1 Billion and were to spend $1 per second, do you have any idea how long it will take you? No? Well let me help, it will take youÂ 31.71 YEARS!!!!!!!!!!! You’d have to be 31.71 YEARS OLD to exhaust the billion and you would have to be very very close to being 80 years old, to be able to burn through 2.5 Billion Dollars!!!!!!
So, here is something we CAN do “positive” with the $5 Billion that the Government would be spending on the 36 planes!
The government can buy 18 more planes for $2.5 Billion. We’ve had 35 odd planes for the past 20 years almost, I am sure we can do good with 18 more planes for now. Until the cash flows of the country improve :)Â What are the odds of the Indian’s attacking on the Thursday afternoon. Pretty fucking slim! besides we both have the “A-Bomb” so I think we will be a little bit more careful before taking any unnecessary phadda!
We invest in “clean water filtering” technology. I am 100% sure we can “buy” (or lease/license) this technology from around the world at a fraction of the cost, perhaps say $10 million. So we spend $10 million, and we still have $2,490 Million left.
Next we highlight lets say 5,000 villages. So we will be looking at 5,000 villages where we have to install this “technology” (or solution) where we will be providing “clean” drinkable ground water. This will not cost us anything. I am sure Pakistanis upon hearing that the Government is going to invest $5 billion towards clean drinkable water, will seek nomination for villages, we will get all the names we need.
If one were to do the math, $2,490,000,000 divided by 5,000 villages would equal – $498,000 per village – as the share of the $2.490 Billion. Consider that amount for a second…. $498,000 – that’s a whole lot of money.
Oh but wait, that is in Dollars. Lets convert that using Rs. 60.00 as the given rate for conversion and we have Rs. 29.880 Million share per village.
I am 1000% fucking sure, that we CAN get some-bloody form of a industrial class filter per village that can churn outÂ that will be for say Rs. 10.000 MillionÂ – i.e. 1 crore!!!
If not – then say Rs. 20.000 Million – that’s 2 crore. I am sure of it. In fact – I am be double-sure that a unit costing 2 crore will be able to do something likeÂ 2,000 gallons per day (if nothing else). 2,000 gallons is a lot of clean drinkable water, and you know what, no one would fuck with this source of clean water. God knows how bad they all need it.
Lets spend that Rs. 20.000 Million on the clean water technology for 5,000 villages. The remaining money can be held and used for spares and operations cost for 3 years.
In short, other than some smart-pilot-jockey wishing to be on a damn plane that is way too costly for me to even think about, I’d rather we have clean drinkable water in 5,000 villages.Â Plain & Simple.
You can debate on health care, schooling, drainage, training, farming, etc. but water is the basic commodity of life. We need water to build around it. Let get the 5,000 villages with clean drinkable water and then lets move forward.
COST: 60 F-16A/B Mid-Life Update Modification kits as well as associated equipment and services. The total value, if all options are exercised, could be as high as $1.3 billion.———————————————————————-
The Government of Pakistan has requested a possible sale for modification/overhaul of 14 F100-PW-220E engines, 14 Falcon UP/STAR F-16 structural upgrade kits, de-modification and preparation of 26 aircraft, support equipment, software development/integration, modification kits, spares and repair parts, flight test instrumentation, publications and technical documentation, personnel training and training equipment, U.S. Government and contractor technical and logistics personnel services, and other related requirements to support the program. The estimated cost is $151 million.
Saad – thanks for the breakdown. Well – costs asides, they can manage it in $2.5 billion. We seriously do NOT need to spend $5 billion!!!
Faisal Khan is a banking/payments consultant specializing in cross-border payments and is a digital money evangelist. He is the co-host of Around The Coin, a weekly podcast on Payments & Fintech with over 18,000+ listeners. Mr. Khan is a talent scout for Series A & B financing for various fintech VCs/funds. He is also a frequent contributor to popular Q&A site Quora where he has been a Top Writer 6 consecutive years.
Since I started mentioning the Bar Exam and the fact that I’m taking it in less than 4 days… this blog has seen an OBSCENE growth in hits. Like, constitutionally-protected obscene.
Rates shown are good from June 1 thru September 30, 2018. From time to time, we offer special rates. Click 'Tee Times' above to access our most current offers.
Net Home | My Virtual costumes come in all sizes suitable for kids and adults, take priority especially if they Loompa Costumes | Costume Pop naked is used as a. Sheila: Yeah we don't have Sleepwear Animal Cosplay Rabbit Costume, clown outfit.
Dream City II is our present project, regarded as one of the Biggest Garden Estate in Asia Dream City II Has created record by enrolling more than 85,000 members within a short span.(This number is increasing everyday.) With support registration facility in all its ventrues from the day one. Janaharsha’s estates wing has risen to leadership position in a short span in the speed in our state. MORE>>
Thank you my friend in my case what should i do to format my laptop's hard but in external way cuz i sell my laptop
To avoid troubles with little babies, the Jane Doe doll now come with glued eyes and stitched in felt. So there is no danger of being swallowed.
The Chainsmokers have launched their new documentary series, "The Chainsmokers - Memories" with the release of the first six episodes via Apple Music.
The series gives fans of the hit making duo an behind the scenes look into their preparation for their Memories…Do Not Open arena tour which took place last year.
The documentary launch follows the release of The Chainsmokers' new single "Everybody Hates Me," as well as "You Owe Me" and "Sick Boy," which are approaching 200 Million combined video views to date.
All three songs are available as a bundle and part of The Chainsmokers' building album release strategy. The duo will continue to release singles in a cascading process that will repeat until the 12-song finished product is released in December. Watch the first six documentary episodes here.
Please click here for legal restrictions and terms of use applicable to this site. Use of this site signifies your agreement to the terms of use.
Guided By Voices have been announced as a headliner for the 10th Athens Popfest, which will be taking place on August 8th through 11th at Little Kings and the Georgia Theatre in Athens, Georgia.
This year's line up will also be led by The Mummies, Man or Astroman?, His Name Is Alive, Dean Wareham of Luna / Galaxie 500, Mary Timony's Ex Hex, Elephant 6 bands Essex Green, Elf Power, and Marshmallow Coast, and Oh-OK.
This is where we keep things to do with the family in Worcestershire and nearby. Featuring local events both big and small. We have rounded up events by month plus there are special events for special occasions and school holidays.
Information checked at the time of writing but it is advised to check with the organiser before attending.
If you have a great event you would like to be featured on this site please get in touch at familylifeworcestershire@gmail.com
Here you will be able to find some fantastic local events, groups and things to do in Worcestershire and nearby.
I have tried to give the site the personal touch so rather than just listing places to go, I have added in comments where possible. So you will not see a big list of places to go but genuine recommendations and opinions on what me and my followers thought.
If you would like your business or attraction featured on this site please contact me at FamilyLifeWorcestershire@gmail.com
Pantos are a must a Christmas whether you want to go celeb spotting or just enjoy shouting “he’s behind you” we have you covered with pantos big and small. Something to suit everyone and every budget. And we have something extra special – your chance to WIN tickets to one of our recommended pantomimes. See my blog at https://familylifeworcestershire.com/pantos-and-performances/ for more #pantos #christmas #festive #thingstodowithkids #familylife #familylifeworcestershire
Should I be worried that my child is now drawing zombies 🙄😱💀👻 #zombies #halloween #thingskidsdraw #familylife #familylifeworcestershire
We had a great time at Barnt Green Bonfire night. Have you been to see the fireworks yet? 🎆🎆🎆🎆 #fireworks #bonfirenight #barntgreen #Worcestershire #familylife #familylifeworcestershire
Products shown in this blog are only collection samples; they are not for sale and they are, most cases, unique and unrepeatable.
At Yellow Lake's publication date is 6 weeks away, so it's probably time I mentioned the book itself, or rather, its setting....
Most of this post consists of something I wrote many months ago--on the second of July, 2011. I wrote it while sitting at the dining room table of my family's lake cabin in Wisconsin, the fictionalised setting for At Yellow Lake.
There is a real Yellow Lake, and a cabin in the woods, that was built by my grandfather on land that has been in my family since the 1930’s. The experience of spending all my summers in a place that was home-but-not-home, a place that I loved more than any other plot of land, was part of the seed that led to At Yellow Lake being written.
Today, I’m writing about the real Yellow Lake, the real cabin. Last night, after the day I e-mailed final changes to the layout copy of At Yellow Lake to Emily, my editor, a tornado hit the cabin. (Note: It turned out that a tornado didn’t hit us: 100 mph straight line winds did). Not an imaginary tornado, not a metaphorical one, but a real one that sounded like a freight train, turned the sky green, ripped up every single tree on our large, forested lot and pummelled the poor cabin (and its sole inhabitant—me—who cowered in a closet under what I think what I think is my mother’s old sewing cabinet) in a merciless onslaught.
The tornado hit without warning. My mother called from 200 miles south saying that she’d heard there might be severe weather in Northern Wisconsin and that I should check with the local news for information and warnings. After quickly rolling my eyes at her over-reaction (how many severe weather warnings had we toughed it out over the decades? My lack of concern seemed justified when the Minneapolis TV news station issued a “severe thunderstorm watch” for Burnett County. A watch is a pretty low-level warning, meaning that the weather conditions are such that a severe thunderstorm (heavy lighting, torrential rain, high winds, hail, etc) is possible. Despite being completely unconcerned by the “watch” I thought (after the electricity, and the satellite TV went out) that closing a few windows would be a good idea.
I made it as far as the kitchen. In the 20 seconds it took me to walk from my chair in the living room, the wind came out of nowhere and something had struck—a porch window smashed, and through the kitchen window I saw a massive tree branch crack and crash to the ground. Ten seconds later I was in the upper bedroom, barricading myself into a closet by shoving a dresser in front of the door as best as I could, and burrowing into a corner.
I am not exaggerating the suddenness or the ferocity of the storm. Thankfully, I heard none of the carnage that was happening outside the cabin. I did not hear the snapping in two of dozens of 75 feet high pine trees. I didn’t hear the 100 year old oak trees crashing around the cabin, onto the roof. I didn’t hear the neighbour’s pontoon boat being flipped into the air, and being swept out onto the lake (I did discover the lid to his boat’s chemical toilet while on my first post-storm swim). I didn’t hear the detached garage collapse into a flat pile of shingles and splintered timbers.
I heard nothing but the ear-shattering noise at the centre of all the havoc: I can only describe this as sounding like very, very large engine or motor wrapping me up in an aural cocoon. The classic description of noise a tornado makes that it sounds like a freight train. As I cowered, I asked myself: “Does that sound like a train?” My panic-addled thought brain was actually trying determine what type of train it was—freight or passenger, diesel or coal. Well, it was a freight train, but it wasn’t too close. Seriously. That was the answer I came up with. I also remembered that trains could travel at break-neck speeds and I had no way of knowing whether this train was moving closer to me and the cabin or away from us.
Curled up in a little ball (well, as little as I could make myself....) I could only wait it out. Most people, when describing a relatively brief yet utterly terrifying experience say of their ordeal that “it seemed like it lasted forever." I felt the opposite. I felt that the winds would last forever, and I was actually surprised when they didn't. Hunkering, swearing and praying in a closet seemed not an aberration, but the new normality. It was as if this is how I would stay forever. On the floor, curled up, waiting...
That sounds odd, I know, but I feel a similar thing now, writing several days later about the changes I’m observing outside the window that looks out over the lake. It seems a long tme ago that the cabin was sheltered from the summer’ sun’s searing rays by a thick canopy of branches and leaves. It feels as if these fallen trees that are now obscuring the view of the lake have always been here, and another lifetime ago that things were “normal” and I felt safe and secure.
We had a tree fall on the house when I was a teenager and I found that scary enough. This must have been terrifying but it also sounds a wonderfully peaceful place. What a great place to write
Yes, I was never really in any danger because the house remained intact. The main damage was the loss of all our trees. So terrifying AND heartbreaking...but it could have been much worse.
My god. What a terrible experience. The weird thing about disaster is the aftermath of normality. When you go back and it's as if it never happened. I can't believe you went for a swim so soon after. Think of where that chemical toilet lid had been. And is the cabin okay now?
Yes, that toilet experience wasn't a good one...the lake is the only thing that hasn't changed there, so it was important to get in.
Next week I'll show pictures of what it's like now. There are no trees. None. The grass is gone, due to the clean-up operation. The house itself is fine, but the landscape is totally and utterly trashed, and the setting is what made the house, if you know what I mean. In 30 years it will be back to normal! More on this next week...
We hear so much about this kind of storm but (thankfully) few of us experience them. I'm glad you survived but understand your sadness about the trees. It reminded me of seeing bushland that had been devastated by fire in Australia when I was a child.
Amanda, it seems silly to worry about anything other than the loss of human life when such an event occurs (especially in a year when so many people lost their lives in natural catastrophes) But still...
Jane, I'm glad you're safe, but I'm so sorry about the damage and the changed landscape. What a terrifying experience! I've been through tornado season in Wisconsin, but never had one go right over my head like that.
"At Yellow Lake", my first novel for teenagers, was published in June, 2012, by Frances Lincoln Children's Books. I'm originally from the US, and have lived in the UK for over 20 years.
Buy a copy of At Yellow Lake at your local independent bookshop. To find your nearest stockist, click on this logo!
At Yellow Lake was one of twelve novel extracts published in SCBWI's 2010 edition of "Undiscovered Voices". I'm so proud to have been included in this anthology of brilliant fellow writers.
One of the great joys of travelling is discovering new flavours, tastes and ingredients. In Madagascar – I was in heaven! Influenced by African, Indian, Malay, Arabic and French cultures, Malagasy cuisine is diverse and delicious. And with a sub-tropical climate, the local ingredients are intriguing.
The road south from Ankarana National Park to Nosy Be is dotted with villages and market towns. We stop to browse.
Established by Frenchman Lucien Millot in 1904 this plantation continues the age old tradition of growing a cornucopia of fruit and spice delights, from cacao to vanilla, pepper to pineapples.
The climate and soil here are ideal for the finest cacao to be grown. Seedlings are grown in a “greenhouse” created by palm fronds. The growing medium is extremely fertile Zebu manure.
The rare Criollo variety that was initially introduced has evolved into hybrids such as Trinitario and Forastero, with unique fruity flavours. Cacao from Plantation Millot is used by Valrhona and Lindt as well as many smaller boutique European chocolate manufacturers.
Once harvested, beans are covered with banana leaves and hessian and go through an acid and lactic fermentation process. This flavours the inedible raw beans and changes them to a reddish brown.
After a few weeks baking and drying in the sun, they are sorted, mostly by women, and packed into bags to be shipped.
If you want to follow in our footsteps go to Animal Tracks Islandventures to book your Madagascan adventure.
I had been in Madagascar for half an hour and already could feel its magic. Our driver stopped the car a few kilometres from Nosy Be airport. As he walked into the plantation of gnarly trees on the side of the road, I thought it was for the call of nature. But no, he reappeared with a handful of creamy yellow flowers.
“Here, smell,” he said, crushing them under my nose. As the sweet fragrance filled the car, I realised this was ylang ylang, the exotic scent that gives Nosy Be its nickname of Perfume Island. Nosy Be is the largest of over 250 islands that surround Madagascar. It was our jumping off point to explore a small section of the north west of this magical country.
First stop was Vanila Hotel, one of many places named after the exotic orchid. Not surprising as 80% of the world’s vanilla comes from Madagascar.
In the morning we heard thumping on our roof and when we investigated we found guys busy fixing the palm fronds. Many buildings in Madagascar are made using local materials, in particular the Traveller’s Palm or Ravenala madagascariensis.
This fascinating tree is not actually a palm – it is a close relative of our indigenous Strelitzia. The base of the leaf catches and stores rainwater, providing sustenance to a thirsty traveller – hence its name. Its symmetrical fan shape is instantly recognisable. The dried leaves create a beautiful pattern when used for thatching.
Our destination was Ankarana National Park, a plateau on the north west of the mainland. Its 150 million year-old limestone has eroded away over the millennia to create a jagged grey spiky landscape. Getting there is not easy. The road has also eroded away and the driver of our 4×4 had to negotiate his way slowly. We averaged 20kms an hour.
On the way we stopped at a little restaurant next to a waterfall for a delicious meal made by local village women.
We ate tasty fritters followed by a chicken and tomato stew with rice. It had a leafy green in it that made my tongue tingle and mouth salivate. A unique culinary sensation. I later discovered the plant being sold everywhere in the markets and learned that it’s an Acmella oleracea, a member of the daisy family. If you eat the fresh flowers or leaves they make your mouth go numb, which is why it is also known as the toothache plant or buzz buttons.
On our lunch table was a superb hot and spicy chilli sauce in a recycled jar. If this didn’t straighten my hair nothing is going to!!!
After an eight hour journey we arrived at the park. And the next day we were ready to explore the magic of the tsingy – the local name for the karst limestone formations. To get there we hiked for a few hours through subtropical forests.
When my delightfully quixotic friend Karen was planning her wedding, she wanted something ultra romantic. And I can’t imagine a more romantic spot than her choice of the dramatic Italian Amalfi Coast, south of Naples. For centuries, painters, poets and writers have been inspired by this magnificent coastline. Stretching from Sorrento to Salerno, it is a twisting succession of bays carved steeply into rugged cliff faces. Small towns cling precariously to sheer mountainside rising above the sparkling turquoise Mediterranean. This was going to be a wedding to remember.
Arriving in Naples we are ready for some Italian food. We meet a Brazilian couple on their way to eat at L’Antica Pizzeria Da Michel, which they had heard makes “the best pizzas in Italy”. We check our guidebook and sure enough, there it is with this bold claim. After bumbling around narrow, busy streets we find the restaurant, a tiny hole-in-the-wall spot with a huge crowd outside. We are given ticket number 73 with 40 people ahead of us. A couple of beers later and we are in. The first surprise is the choice – they only serve two varieties of pizza! The second surprise is just how delicious they are. I was expecting them to be good, but they are superb. The secret is the locally grown Napoli tomatoes. And the locally made buffalo mozzarella cheese. And the freshly made pizza dough. It is our first taste of how great this region’s food is.
This is a fertile land. Dominating the bay of Naples is Mount Vesuvius, the yin yang giver of fruitful soil and active taker of life. This imposing volcano is an omnipresent reminder of how quickly life can be cut short with a violent act of nature. The inhabitants have absorbed this lesson and the fiery Neapolitans exuberantly live life to the full as they have since Roman times.
The city of Naples is best explored starting from the centro storico, the historic heart of the old town, where the main streets still follow the old Roman roads.
Farmers park three wheeler trucks and loudly sell fruit and vegetables to elegantly dressed woman on their way home to cook dinner.
From this bawdy and energetic centre, with narrow cobbled streets and buildings strung with washing, the city sprawls outward.
Al fresco diners eat in spacious piazzas, overlooking elegant 18th century architecture. Up a steep street paved with shiny black lava stones, we window shop at Prada, Gucci and Armani.
Nearby we sample ice cream made with the freshest ingredients from a gelateria dating back a hundred years.
Heading south from Naples, we climb to the top of Mount Vesuvius, smell the sulphur and stare in awe into the slowly steaming crater. From the summit there are sweeping views of the bay and it is just possible to make out the ruins of Pompeii far below.
We spend a day exploring the maze of ancient streets, transported back to a way of life frozen in time from 2000 years ago. In 79AD the volcano erupted, smothering the city and its inhabitants with its deathly pyroclastic flow. Since excavations began in 1758 the city, from lofty temples and sumptuous villas to prosaic bakeries and brothels, has re-emerged intact. Plaster casts of people and animals overwhelmed by the flow, their bodies and mouths petrified in a rictus of terror, show just how quickly the volcano dealt its deadly blow.
From Sorrento we catch a bus to Amalfi. The narrow, winding road is sliced out of near perpendicular cliffs, the Mediterranean a stomach-swooping drop way below. The view across the shimmering sea, with the Isle of Capri sculpted on the horizon, is spectacular. Our bus driver, sporting cool mirror shades and hefty arm muscles, swings his passengers around corner after corner, sounding his musical hooter at oncoming traffic to warn them we are coming. Often there is no room for two vehicles and one has to reverse until there is an inch more space. We play ‘spot the car without a ding.’ On average only one in twenty is free of scrapes, scratches, dings or dents.
All along this coastline, in the smallest corner, on rooftops, on staggeringly steep terraces, vegetables are thriving. Huge bunches of vine-ripened tomatoes and shiny red chillies hang outside doorways.
This is the land of limoncello, a sweet, tart liqueur made from the peel of a lemon only grown in this section of Italy. Every little shop sells its version of limoncello. And every courtyard of every home has lemon trees. They are grown up trellised supports, so the fully-grown tree forms a shady canopy, with lemons hanging within easy picking reach. Free tastings of limoncello are offered from home distilleries along winding paths and alleyways. A shot of icy cold, fiery liqueur is one way to keep the legs moving up steep hills.
And so we gather for the wedding; friends and family from Spain, South Africa, England and Australia. Dressed in our finery we climb up steep pathways to the gardens of Villa Cimbrone, perched so high on a rocky cliff above Amalfi that there is no vehicular access.
Wagner wrote opera here, “Lady Chatterley’s Lover” was conceived here and Gore Vidal once said: “ . . the most beautiful place that I had ever seen in all my travels [was] view from the belvedere of the Villa Cimbrone on a bright winter’s day when the sky and the sea were each so vividly blue that it was not possible to tell one from the other.” Dating back to the eleventh century this villa’s history, which includes being the love nest of Greta Garbo and Leopold Stokowski, is as romantic as it gets.
And in her inimitable style, Karen makes her dream of the most romantic wedding ever, come true. Wearing full-length red silk, she is the picture perfect bride as she walks down the rose petal aisle to marry her love.
Afterwards we celebrate with champagne and walk along avenues of umbrella pines, past fragrant rose gardens and wisteria draped arches for photographs on the “Terrace of Infinity”. Lined with patrician marble busts it is suspended between sky and sea, floating above the scalloped coastline and vivid blue ocean.
The late afternoon storm, which has been threatening for hours, is starting to spatter. We run down the steep path but are soaked by the time we reach Palazzo Sasso for dinner. In true five star style, they greet us with large heated towels. It is a rather bedraggled wedding party that sits down to savour a ten course meal at the two Michelin starred Rossellini restaurant. And just before the final course, the valley below explodes in a pyrotechnic spectacle of colour. The fireworks display, the culmination of the local Ravello music festival, provides the final touch to the perfect wedding.
There are no direct flights to Naples from South Africa but there are many connecting hubs. If you fly in via Rome, an efficient rail service connects to Naples.
Purchase a Campania artecard which gives you free travel on public transport as well as free or reduced admission to a various museums, galleries and architectural sites. There is easy access from Naples to Mount Vesuvius, Pompeii and Herculaneum via the Circumvesuviano rail line, which runs to Sorrento.
Don’t be misled when ordering Pizza Marinara. In Naples it is not a seafood pizza. Its name originates from the sailors who would eat the traditional Neapolitan pizza comprising tomato, garlic and a couple of basil leaves, no cheese at all.
Don’t miss the Archeological Museum in Naples, filled with artifacts removed from Pompeii and Herculaneum, including an extensive mosaic collection.
Our first Sicilian meal was a strong cappuccino and croissant at a hole-in-the-wall café in the port, surrounded by swarthy dockworkers coming off overnight shifts. It kick started our day and we were ready to negotiate with a taxi driver. As we wound through Byzantine one-way streets, narrowly missing cars wedged in snarling morning traffic, I wondered how wise we were to hire a car for our Sicilian sojourn.
For a relatively small island, Sicily’s had a huge impact on the world around it. Fertile and strategically placed on the Mediterranean trade routes, it has repeatedly been fought over, conquered and colonised as a much-desired possession through the ages. The resulting legacy provides a smorgasbord of choices for the traveller – from Greek temples, Roman aqueducts and villas, to Baroque cathedrals and Arab Norman architecture. Throw in an active volcano, sinister mafia, alluringly azure sea and a cuisine making the most of fresh Mediterranean ingredients and you have all the elements for a stimulating trip.
The heart of Palermo is Quattro Canti, the four-corner intersection marking the city’s center. The traffic was still having a seizure so we stayed on foot to take in some of the city’s offerings nearby: The grand Duomo, a Norman Cathedral with hundreds of uniquely sculpted gargoyles peering down on visitors and supplicants and the Chiesa di San Cataldo church with red Islamic domes. Next door is the La Martorana, a medieval church with a beautifully preserved Byzantine mosaic interior. This brilliantly illuminated walk-in jewel box is no stuffy museum but a living entity, as we discovered when we wandered into the tail end of a wedding.
We rambled through the Capo, a maze of streets and alleys, bustling with shoppers looking for the freshest catch of the day or selecting from a rainbow variety of vegetables, fruit, oils and dates.
We picked up our compact Panda and its rate doubled, as we were scare-mongered into taking full insurance. Having seen the ubiquitous dents and dings on Italian cars, we thought it a wise move. Leaving Palermo, we drove into the hills above, to the Cathedral of Monreale. The exterior is a well-preserved Norman cathedral but when we entered we realised why this was one of the wonders of the medieval world. The interior is covered with glittering mosaic tableaus on a background of more than 2,200 kilograms of gold tiles. We timed our visit well, as another wedding was happening. The Italian habit of breaking into loud applause after the “I pronounce you man and wife” seemed inappropriate in this magnificent place of worship.
Sicily lived up to its tempestuous reputation by lashing us with an intense storm as we left Monreale. Roads turned to rivers and the hand written map to our next destination was drenched. Without the map we missed the freeway entirely and drove across the island on back roads, whipped by rain and wind. We arrived in Selinunte well after dark. But the next day was clear and we could explore the magnificent ruins.
The 2,500-year-old temple of Segesta is one of the best-preserved and most beautiful Greek ruins in the Mediterranean. The Greeks chose temple sites well, with commanding views of the countryside echoing the Olympian heights of the Gods they celebrated. Another storm swept in, with a relentless wind whipping our umbrellas into useless floppy spikes. In five minutes it cleared, leaving glistening reflections on the ancient rock of the semi-circular amphitheatre. We gazed from the mountaintop to the Doric temple on the opposite hill, its soaring columns dramatic against dark clouds and a wild sky.
On the southern coast of the triangular island is the Valley of The Temples. Despite its name, the remains of the seven magnificent temples are not in a valley. Spread out on a ridge below the city of Agrigento, these partially restored ruins are a World Heritage Site. Our umbrellas, useless in the wind, became handy sunshades as the storms gave way to scorching midday sun.
Heading inland, we passed walled medieval towns, strategically perched on hilltops to protect them from attack. The terrain is rugged and rocky above fertile valleys. Winding through the productive farmlands, with vineyards, olive groves, artichokes, tomatoes, fig and citrus trees, we realised why the food tastes so good. Sicilians seldom eat food that hasn’t been reared, grown or produced within a few miles. Added to the rich choice of homegrown products are sharp pecorino cheeses, smooth ricotta and fresh seafood – every Sicilian has their secret recipe for sardines. Sicily’s diverse cultural heritage has left a rich legacy with the Greeks bringing knowledge of olives, grapes and wine making, the Romans; their pasta and grains, the Normans their northern methods of salting, drying and cooking, the French adding an aristocratic twist and the Arabs bringing everything from almonds, apricots and artichokes to couscous, cinnamon and saffron. The Arabs also sweetened the Sicilian tooth, introducing ice cream and granitas. We fell in love with the famed cannoli: pastry encased tubes of sweet ricotta, found all over Italy but with the original and best in Sicily.
More recently, Sicilian history has included the blood stained stories of the Mafia, inspiring Mario Puzo’s quintessential Mafia Don; Vito Corleone. Today, if you want to “sleep with the fishes” you can. Many of the estates, once owned by powerful real life Dons like Toto Riina, have been seized by Italian authorities and turned into bed and breakfasts, or agritourism vineyards and olive estates.
We headed east and wound up steep, coastal roads to reach Taormina, an historic resort town on the slopes of Monte Tauro. Our waking view was of Mount Etna, smoking on the horizon. At 3,323 meters it is Europe’s largest active volcano and the destination for the day.
First we visited the town of Castelmola, clinging incredibly to the hillside high above Taormina, with sweeping views to the sparkling sea below. The beach beckoned us down the mountain and we hopped across hot pebbles to dive in for a refreshing dip.
Mount Etna’s summit was further away than it looked and we endlessly climbed her conical slopes, tunneling through a brooding pine forest. We finally popped out into a lava lunar landscape, the remains of an eruption which destroyed a ski resort in 2002. Massive tree trunks, bony and white against the black basalt, were a stark reminder of the fierce power beneath us. It was primal, humbling and unsettling. It was surprisingly cold on the volcano, with clear views to the beaches and harbour far below. The large yacht that had pulled in while we were eating breakfast many hours earlier was now a dinky toy in a tiny bay.
The sun was setting and when we reached the bottom it was dark, bad timing, as we had to negotiate one of the hilliest regions to reach Cefalù, our last stop before returning to Palermo. Cefalù is a charming fishing town, nestled under a rocky promontory on Sicily’s north coast. With sheltered sandy beaches, medieval streets and excellent restaurants, it is a popular summer resort and was the perfect place to end our Sicilian sojourn.
Credit cards are widely accepted and you can access your SA account through Cirrus or Maestro ATMs for euro cash withdrawals. Remember to notify your bank of your itinerary. Traveller’s cheques are difficult to cash and attract up to 10% commission.
Hired cars save time getting to many of Sicily’s treasures, which are scattered widely across the island.
Earlier this year I received an invitation to Francistown, Botswana, to give a talk to their Garden Club. The Okavango Delta has been on our list of places to visit for many years and we thought it would be a good idea to combine the two. We had been keeping August free for a trip somewhere so I promptly organised bookings though &Beyond who have some of the best lodges in the Delta. Only to find that the Garden Club of Francistown could only host me for a talk in September – so I landed up doing two trips to Botswana back to back.
Our August trip began with a couple of nights at Khama Rhino Sanctuary – despite having been told not to drive on Botswana roads after dark, we landed up lost, late and driving after dark. It was only the next day when we saw how many donkeys, cows, ostriches and horses were roaming the roads, that we realised we had been lucky.
A baby rhino galloping joyously in the dust, mock head butting his Dad, bounding with the sheer joy of being alive.
Getting stuck in the sand at sunset and a bakkie full of people materialised from nowhere to help push us out. Here I am the next day just next to the spot where we were stuck – miles from camp . . .
The starlings – the bullies of the camp site – chased the squirrels away from any leftover morsel. We didn’t realise how bold they were until a week later when we discovered a sticky patch under one of the crates. After investigating, we found the source: a fruit juice carton with bird beak punctures neatly pierced into it. The long life milk cartons also had holes in them and had gone sour. Plus a bag of mixed nuts had been broken into. The starlings had only had one morning to forage through the kombi – we had gone to bed on our first night and had left the boot open, but it was enough for them to create quite a bit of havoc.
We met a Frenchman whose children had nicknamed the hornbills “Flying bananas” The name has now stuck.
An incredible sighting on the dry, dusty full day’s drive to Maun the next day were these migrating birds, swirling in the sky like something from a sci fi movie. Quite incredible.
We set up our tent on the bank of the river at Drifters Camp, just in time to see the sun set and full moon rise. It was a comfy campsite and the only one in our whole trip that had grass underfoot.
We arrived at the &Beyond office in Maun the next morning just in time to catch our bush hopper plane into the Delta.
As we flew further from Maun, the Delta spread out below us, circles of dry land ringed with water and endless patterns of animal pathways, both across the dry islands and through the water.
A game viewing vehicle met us at the Pom Pom landing strip – Pom Pom meaning mosquito in the local language. Within minutes of leaving the airstrip we spotted an elephant, head butting a palm tree to get the sweet fruit to fall at his feet.
It took a few hours to get to camp – across water, salt pans and deep sand that even the 4×4 became stuck in.
Nxabega camp is built around a huge jackalberry tree – so named because the fruit is said to be so sweet that even the die hard carnivore jackals will give up their meat eating ways to munch on it. This elephant thought the fruit was pretty good and he rumbled past every day to hoover up the berries.
The plan was to go for an afternoon mokoro paddle and end with sundowners on the river. But as we drove towards the river, we saw this:
We followed him as he climbed up and down three trees before finally settling on one where he felt comfortable. The guide said this was because he was watching something – so we went to find what had piqued the leopard’s interest and it was this:
The next morning was time for the postponed mokoro excursion. An Italian honeymoon couple joined us. They had decided not to come on the game drive the afternoon before, choosing to have massages instead. En route to the river I heard the bride asking the guide if “we could please go past the leopard and lions on the way . . .” The ranger could not pull that rabbit from his hat, but he did find this sweet pair:
Into a mokoro and onto the river. I asked the ranger what the stick in the front was for. He said it was his GPS . . .
The water was freeeezing so the soaked rangers quickly rubbed some sticks together and made a fire. I want these guys on my team on Survivor!!
We stayed in the most incredibly beautiful lodges: Nxabega, Xudum and Xaranna. Attention to detail and creating art from recycled objects all added to the &Beyond ethos of treading lightly on the land.
“I am the special ingredient!” is the quote on the back of the chef’s T shirt in the open plan kitchen at Xudum camp in the Okavango Delta. And does he live up to it. I have just arrived back from six days in the Delta – travelling via bumpy little planes, even bumpier landies, fast speed boats and slow makoros, I have had the most magical and wondrous time.
Watch this space for more! As soon as I get home I will be adding photos and delicious details . . .
I only realised after I had booked our tickets that we would be in Istanbul for Ramadan – or Ramazan, as it is called here. Since I was planning to feast on fantastic Turkish food, I was bit concerned the fast would hamper my foodie intentions. Not! There is food everywhere, all the time.
The day starts with a breakfast spread of olives, cheeses, fresh fruit, just picked tomatoes and crunchy cucumbers, fruit preserves and sesame bread rings (Simit -sold from peddlers’ carts from dawn to well after midnight) dipped in spice and herb flavoured olive oil, topped off with strong black Turkish coffee.
Bridging Asia and Europe and spanning millenia of history, including conquering heroes, exotic harems, inspired architects and religious fervour, Istanbul has a huge amount to see, draw, visit and explore.
After fairytale castles and covered bazaars, myriad mosques and exotic palaces, I am hungry again within a few hours. Time for a balik ekmek – crisply fried, whole fish on a piece of crusty bread with lettuce, tomatoes and onions.
This fish was swimming in the Bosphorus this morning. Another quick afternoon snack is a corn cob, sold from little carts and roasted over hot coals.
Or you could try a “tost,” a toasted sandwich on light crunchy bread with stretchy melted cheese and a spicy tomato paste. And to wash it down, a freshly squeezed orange juice or a slice of the sweetest, crunchiest summer watermelon.
Fortified, we dive back into the maelstrom, underground into ancient water systems, up steep stone stairs to stare across to Asia, into quiet parks with windswept pines. Until I am hungry again.
From quick doners wrapped in bread with vegetables to grilled patlican kebabs, (one large eggplant sliced into thick chunks and skewered with alternating balls of spiced lamb, slow grilled over hot coals).
One of my favorites is the Iskender kebab; chunks of pide bread covered with hot slices of spiced doner lamb, covered with fresh tomato sauce and thick yoghurt.
The vegetable and salad combinations are endless; seaweed and tomato with lashings of lemon and garlic and beans in olive oil and lemon.
Even the simplest lettuce, cucumber and tomato salad is given a twist when tossed with pomegranate syrup and sprinkled with sumac, a tart local spice. Everything is freshly cooked, ripe and in season.
And then I need something sweet – a tiny taste of lokum (Turkish Delight) or baklava, from shops that have been specialising in making them for hundreds of years. Above shiny, blue and white tiled walls, sepia photographs hang, proud men with splendid moustaches staring out from the last century. Right next door is the patisserie, with thick rice puddings and nutty maceroons.
Piles of crystallised figs, mulberries and walnuts glisten in the window. I am tempted by what looks like a chocolate mousse but under its molten surface is a surprise – it is a deconstructed chocolate eclair, with puffy balls of choux pastry under layers of whipped cream and rich chocolate.
Leaving Jhb airport I bought a copy of the best selling book Eat Pray Love, not realising some of it was set in Italy. I knew that many people had been raving about it and I needed a good book to read while on the road. After 24 hours of travelling via connections in Cairo we arrived in Rome. We met a couple also heading south to Naples and they offered us a lift in their hired mini. Bit of a tight squeeze but much quicker and cheaper than the train. She was Brazilian and worked for American Airlines and he was a doctor from the US. They were travelling on to Sorrento, about an hour after Naples. They were planning to eat in Naples at a restaurant famous for “the best pizzas in Italy.” We checked in our guide book and sure enough, there it was with this bold claim. And bold it is, as the best pizzas in Italy surely must be the best pizzas in the world! We had to try this spot. After bumbling around narrow, busy streets to find our hotel and check in, we found the restaurant – a tiny hole-in-the-wall place with a huge crowd outside. We took a ticket (number 73 – they were serving number 34). A couple of beers later we were in. The first surprise was the choice on the menu. They only served two pizzas! The second surprise was how delicious they were – I was expecting them to be good, but they were really really good! The secret was the locally grown Napoli tomatoes. And the locally made mozarella cheese. And the freshly made pizza dough. It was the first taste of how great the food in this region is. I remember the food in Italy being good, but southern Italy is even better. The following morning we were told that Julia Roberts had been at the very same restaurant the week before. Filming a movie. It seemed very fitting to find out she is playing the lead role in Eat Pray Love!
While telling this story to friends, I realised I had mangled the title and was referring to it as Eat Drink Pray. I have decided Eat Drink Pray is an appropriate title for the week we spent on the Amalfi Coast. My book will never sell in this region – everybody already grows their own vegetables, everywhere. In the smallest corner, on rooftops, on staggeringly steep terraces there are vegetables. The last of the summer crops are at their luscious best. So eat we did. With gusto. Not once have I had to ask a single restaurant to bring me salt, pepper, balsamic or any additional condiment. Every meal has been perfect. Even a fast food paninini from a train station in Sorrento was fresh and tasty. And from fast food to two star Michelin dining. The wedding dinner was held at Palazzo Sasso’s Rossellini restaurant – I lost count of the number of courses around seven.
Eat Drink Pray. This is the land of limoncello. A sweet, tart liqueur made from the peel of a variety of lemon only grown on this southern section of Italy. Every little shop sells its version of limoncello. And every courtyard of every home has lemon trees. They are grown up a trellised support, so the fully grown lemon tree forms a shady roof of a terrace, with lemons hanging within easy picking reach. Free tastings of limoncello are offered from many of the little breweries along the winding paths and alleyways. A shot of icy cold, fiery liqueur is one way to keep the legs moving up steep hills.
Eat Drink Pray – and pray I did. The narrow road which winds its way along the Amalfi coast is cut out of the sheer cliff face. In some sections I was looking out of the bus window, straight down to the Med, hundreds of metres below. The bus drivers, with cool mirror shades and hefty arm muscles, swing their passengers around corner after corner, hooting at oncoming cars (and other buses) to move out of their way. Sometimes there is no room for two vehicles to fit past one another and one has to reverse until there is an inch more space. We invented a game called ‘spot the car without a ding.’ On average only one car in twenty is free of scrapes, scratches, dings and dents.
We are back in Naples for a few days. We will be visiting Pompeii, Vesuvius and Capri – and will without a doubt return to the hole in the wall restaurant for more of the ‘best pizza in the world’
Keith and I were in Zimbabwe last week filming a documentary for a Swedish NGO. They have been implementing a drought mitigation programme aimed at smallholder farmers. We hear so much bad news about Zim that it was very uplifting to meet healthy, self sufficient farmers who are positive about their future. We travelled more than 2,000kms around the country filming the project at all the different levels. Many of the methods these farmers are being taught are the same ones I use in my garden.
Eating sadza and mealies under a cerulean African sky, sitting on the stoep of a sun baked hut, we talked about our gardens. The simple act of growing our own food linked us across culture and country. On our final day, just before driving back to Harare from Masvingo, we were detained by the Central Intelligence Organisation, Bob’s secret police. A bit scary but they let us go after a couple of hours of hassling us. The one guy, who was writing down all the details from our passports asked Keith my father’s full name. Keith, trying to remember, said “Um, Gordon, . . . something? Griffiths” He had to stifle a laugh when the guy diligently wrote down my father’s name as Gordon Something Griffiths. So I am officially (in Zimbabwe at least) the daughter of Something. The delay made us miss our flight and get home a day late. We had the full Zimbabwean experience . . .
How do I restore my set lists after an iPad Pro RESTORE? I backed up all the files on my computer, and iTunes.
Autumn colors by the Latin Bridge😍🍂🍁 Dark history fact ~ The northern end of this bridge was the site of the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria-Hungary, which led to the beginning of World War I.
Did you know that stormy daniels has a GoFundMe page? Or that, as of late August, over $600,000 had been contributed to it?
Well, she does, and that’s how much she had amassed by that time; it probably has grown a lot more since then.
So now that federal judge James Otero dismissed the charges that Daniels and her super-sleazebag lawyer michael avenatti had leveled against Donald Trump, and ordered her to pay his legal fees, where do you think the money for those fees is going to be coming from?
Do you fiind it as amusing as I do, that a lot, maybe all, the money people contributed so that stormy daniels could take down President Trump, may well wind up going to President Trump?
Afterschool club at J.D. Floyd Elementary for children. Sharing the Gospel of Jesus Christ. at 2:00 pm
Blossom was an edgy teen sitcom that ran on the NBC network for 5 seasons in the early 90s. The show premiered its first episode on January 3rd, 1991. The final episode aired May 22nd, 1995. Blossom was produced by Witt/Thomas Productions and Touchstone Television.
The show follows Blossom Russo, a spunky teenage girl living in a male dominated house with her divorced father and two brothers. Blossom’s attitude gets her through a turbulent childhood as she learns hard lessons about abuse, drugs, alcohol and various other hot-button issues.
Nick Russo, the ever present father character, is a struggling musician left in charge of the teenage kids after his wife leaves to pursue her career. He is equally doting on Blossom’s best friend Six Lemeure. Joey, the middle child, is a “dumb jock” character often serving as comic relief for the serious subject matter of the show. Six and Blossom’s eldest brother, Tony, have a particularly hard time overcoming various addictions throughout the seasons. The real world dynamic between all of the main characters was considered a bold move for TV at the time.
Blossom creator Don Reo had to fight to get the show on TV the way he wanted. His original concept in 1989 focused on the cool dad character interacting with a Holden Caulfield-esque son named Ritchie. NBC advised him to keep Ritchie’s character but to make him a girl, and replace the hip, single dad with two conservative parents. Reo got NBC to pick up the show using this formula in a pilot, before changing the parents back to a single musician father for the actual airing.
In recent years, Mayim Bialik, the star of Blossom, found her way onto another hit sitcom, The Big Bang Theory. Her character will sometimes make references back to Blossom.
Posted on February 5, 2014 by admin.	This entry was posted in The 90s, TV Shows and tagged 90s, Blossom, TV show. Bookmark the permalink.
Diablo is an action role playing video game created by Blizzard North for Blizzard Entertainment on December 31, 1996. The game takes place in a role playing interactive world that the player navigates through with a mouse. The main plot of the game is centered about a fictional city known as the Kingdom of Honduras set in the world of Sanctuary. The player is given full control of the city by building an army to demolish the Lord of Terror. There are three character classes in the game, each class has a different set of characteristics and assigned attributes along with a set skill. The first class is the Warrior, he is the most physical character in the game specializing in close quarter fighting and durability his greatest attribute is Strength. Second class character is the Rogue. The Rogue is a master of weapons in particular using them to attack enemies from a far distance; his greatest attribute is the ability to disarm traps. The last and equally important character class is the Sorcerer aka Spell-caster. The Sorcerer can learn the most spells at the highest levels in the game. Although he is the weakest in physical strength his specific attribute, Magic, is one of the most important attributes in the game.
Originally created to be played on PC, in 1998 Diablo was adapted into a game for the PlayStation console platform by Electronic Arts. It features a two –player coop mode as well as the choice to learn the story through a narrator. In 1997 the first expansion pack was created called Diablo: Hellfire, it features two addition dungeon locations, a side story line, new magical items, and new quests. Diablo has received numerous awards since its 1996 release including Game Spot’s Game of the Year in 1996 and Game Sport’s #1 of all PC games in 1997.
Posted on February 5, 2014 by admin.	This entry was posted in The 90s, Video Games & Tech and tagged 90s, Diablo. Bookmark the permalink.
J&K : Army foils bid of infilteration, two soldiers martyrs after gunning down two terrorists : Total News
At least two terrorists were gunned down by two martyred soldiers while trying to infiltrate in Jammu and Kashmir's Nowgam sector on Saturday. The operation is still underway. "#JKOps Two terrorists attempting infiltration in Naogam Sect, Kashmir eliminated. Two soldiers martyred in ongoing op @adgpi," Indian Army's Northern Command tweeted. This has come a day after Defence Minister Arun Jaitley met with the senior commanders and troops at a forward post along the Line of Control (LoC), where he reviewed the security situation. He said that Indian Armed Forces were fully prepared to deal with the militants coming from across the Valley. "Our troops and our Army are fully ready to check any form of infiltration. Under no cost will India's territorial sovereignty be allowed to be infringed," Jaitley said.
After the death of farmers in Mandsaur in Madhya Pradesh, the movement has taken a fierce form. At the same time, Shivraj government has taken actions and removed Mandsaur's DM, Swatantra Kumar Singh and SP OP Tripathi. The state government has removed the two officials and deployed new officers. Now Omprakash Shrivastav has been appointed as the new DM in Mandsaur. Along with Mandsaur, the government has also transferred the DM of Ratlam and Neemuch. Five farmers were killed in police firing on Tuesday in Mandsaur. After this incident, the agitation of the farmers became fierce and protesters damaged government and private property.
Sandy loves collecting seashells all over the beach and when she finds some different ones or ultra rare ones, she'll just need to keep on collecting more and more and more.
Sandy is a fair-tan skinned girl with blue eyes and blonde hair that is pulled back into a ponytail, curving towards the left side, with red highlights on her bangs and at the end of it. She wears a blue hat with green around the bottom and a purple seashell on it.
Her outfit consists of a blue dress with purple on the bottom with a pair of green sandals with blue shells over the toe.
Sandy has a pet seahorse that is pale pink with light purple detail on its fins and the top of its head. It loves to squirt water the most, but its favourite food is little fishes.
Sandy Shell Surf Surf - Comes with purple shell shaped glasses, a teal headband with a purple shell on it, her pink seahorse pet, and a blue and green surfboard.
Let me know if you have any issues. And remember to keep the Original Disc, as you'll always need that after a battery disconnect.
I haven't seen a new version for download online, but hopefully someone will soon. As these cars get older, it's less likely that someone spends $200-300 for a Disc, and then shares it.
And with our group purchase, we're slowly getting more people, but I think we're still a fair way away from having enough.
Burned the C2 image and went to try it on. It loads and everything BUT I only have Australian addresses to choose from and cannot find any way to switch to NZ.
What puzzles me a bit is that the map shows my current position which to means means that NZ maps are also loaded
I have the same issue with mine, every time I do a battery disconnect. It defaults to NSW, so press Menu, Destination Entry, and under the map press 'Change'. It'll be set to NSW, so in your case change it to NZN or NZS (North or South).
I think they do that to reduce the number of streets (and duplicate street names) across multiple states, which makes searching faster.
The Map Disc is a combined Aus & NZ maps, so they should work in both countries like you mentioned (loading your location ok).
If these are the same C2 maps as here viewtopic.php?f=22&t=26574&start=150 then they're sadly AU only :/
I guess that's why C2 is significantly smaller than C1. Just do not understand why it shows my location ok.
I have the previous version of C2 as well, but that Disc Image also just says 'Australia v19'. Whereas all the C1 versions have both NZ and Aus. Sorry about that, I hadn't realised that before. Good luck with your search for an NZ copy.
Will keep this thread open in case a copy of the V21 Maps ever surface given V20 was the last commonly available and V21 would still be appreciated!
Surprised no one want to chip in and do a "group" buy, I should just buy V22 on my own and tease you all
Yeah it's been hard enough to find the last 2 versions for Aus (there was a Torrent but no one ever seeded), let alone one for NZ which has a smaller population
We had a few people put their hand in for a group buy, but not enough. And since C2 looks like it doesn't come in combined Aus/NZ versions, you'd have to find NZ people who need C2 as well.
One update I have, is that Subaru now seems to sell their updates online (link below). That wasn't the case the last time I checked. And they list TomTom as their map supplier, not Whereis anymore.
And importantly for soba noodle, they are combined Aus/NZ Discs. But they list all Gen4 Libs as C2 maps, which isn't correct.
These guys below still sell the Whereis versions, and they're Aus Only as we discovered others are as well. They say NZ customers should contact them.
For those who are after the original (v14) Subaru C1 Disc, I'll post the torrent link I found online.
A copy of V22 C1 version looks like it may have surfaced, I posted a link in another thread: viewtopic.php?f=22&t=34411&p=436961#p436961
satogixxer wrote: A copy of V22 C1 version looks like it may have surfaced, I posted a link in another thread: viewtopic.php?f=22&t=34411&p=436961#p436961
How Much You Need To Expect You'll Pay For A Good Deductible On Homeowners Insurance How Does It Work
After getting the broad strokes for your HO-six condo insurance wants, you still need to abide by standard suggestions for home insurance guidelines. Contemplate how neighborhood climatic dangers may possibly need supplemental insurance, including flood or earthquake insurance.
The policy also provides personal liability coverage and healthcare payments to Many others coverage. This is a broad named perils sort, though the listing of covered perils is much more considerable than that of HO one.
The main difference in Expense involving the old wiring and the new wiring required by ordinance or law is your responsibility.
Most homeowners do not have a option in regardless of whether to buy this type of insurance - it is usually required because of the mortgage lender. But even though the mortgage is paid out off, authorities say homeowner's insurance is a good invest in. A decent homeowner's policy not only protects your house, but all the possessions inside.
Knowing You will need to put money into condo insurance is something. But realizing just how much to obtain is yet another obstacle. This choice, needless to say, may differ around the age, size and placement of your condo and the value of your personal possessions.
finfirm@ gmail.com) into a lender by the title,Mr Scott Eruteme Spencer who asked for for my particulars and granted me this financial loan by way of financial institution to bank transfer.I am on my ft again.
Irrespective of whether a Liberty Mutual Homeowners Insurance Quote personal horse operator, steady proprietor, breeder or coach, you understand the high amount of motivation required to look after and safeguard your trustworthy companion and expense. Your insurance coverage needs to be just as complete.
Find an area broker that contracts with numerous insurance companies. They are able to quote various companies, and will be the best supply for your area market. Don’t go with an organization-precise agent, as they sometimes need to stay with a couple of companies.
It is not referred to as a deductible, but a "self-insured retention". The insured selects an amount that it really is willing to pay for towards the indemnity of a 3rd party ahead of the insurer's obligation to pay for is activated.
Certainly one of the most important things to take into consideration With this Masters Policy is the coverage cap for damages. If your developing encounters a total property loss, this Masters Policy may perhaps operate out.
See all bargains Now we view it have a network of home insurance companies we work with and might join you with. This gives you much more price tag and coverage decisions when quoting. The supply and amounts of discount rates will vary by firm and your state.
An HO-6 insurance policy delivers you exactly the same sort of economic protection that any homeowners policy does: If you don't have it, you could possibly be in for plenty of monetary pain.
Beneficial lifetime insurance agents, who can aid you in servicing your policy, are just a phone connect with away.
Are you aware that proximity to some fire station can influence your homeowners rate? Learn more with regard to the aspects that affect home insurance charges sites and have a quote. ... Approximated replacement Price tag; Age and condition; Protection gadgets; Your deductible.
Over 5,000 hand printed and coloured etchings and engravings from original, mostly antique, intaglio printing plates.
All orders are normally sent within two working days of receipt. Most smaller value maps & prints are sent via normal post (air-mail if abroad), for larger value orders some sort of tracked post is best.
All my antique maps and prints are loose, most items are sent in in a tube, having been rolled carefully. I use three widths, depending on the size and paper weight of the prints / maps.
I can use a flat packet for mailing on request, although this is often not possible for large items.
Delivery within the UK is normally next day, outside the UK times mostly vary between 3 and 12 days, depending on location and efficiency of the postal services, over which I have no control. The express option is usually a day or two quicker for non-UK orders, those sent by FedEx are usually very fast - 1 day to the USA and 1-3 days elsewhere.
All my antique maps and prints are insured. In the very rare event of non-delivery or damage the problem should be reported to your local Post Office and to myself. For a damage in transit claim to be made all the packaging must be retained.
The layout style can be set in the default theme options for your entire site by choosing “Boxed” as the Layout Style under the Design Settings area.
Each layout created in the Layout Manager provides an option to override the default layout style with a custom setting. This method will let you individually set entire sections or just a single page to an alternate layout style. A useful application for this would be having a boxed layout for your portfolio or blog to specify custom background images as an added accent or forcing only the home page to full width highlighting the slide show.
The top banner will reduce the size of your logo automatically. The menus you have sill still function normally. Mega menu and standard drop down menus will show exactly as they do in the standard header. The docked top banner option can be enabled or disabled optionally based on your preference.
The Mother Goose has a full kitchen with all the dishes, pots, pans that you need and a dish washer too! We supply a start kit with with your dish soap, trash bags, toilet tissue.
Across for the kitchen is the Rock Fireplace with large TV and the recliner sofa—perfect relaxing after dinner.
The 6-person hot tub on the deck overlooks the Shenandoah River with views to the Massanutten mountain and beyond…
The master bedroom is on the main floor with a king bed. The loft area has a queen bed and a double futon.
According to the ancient legend, demons hunt the souls of twins to get their bodies in the real world. After losing one of the twins during the childbirth Mary experiences constant fear for her second child. But the stronger her fear, the sharper the demons feel, and the closer they are to the twin. To be continued on jimusho.info.
To see a movie or TV show online and download to your device you need to go through registration or log in. It will not take long, we hope for your understanding, thank you!
BURBERRY sunglasses provide one of a sort eye wears that combines easy and modish designs with elegant line of attraction to real fashion aficionados. The Yupoo Burberry fit for each occasion and every form of clothing whether or not it is a formal outfit, a casual put on etc. The Burberryhandbags are easily accessible at totally different stores and unique boutiques. Established in 1856, Burberry is a British model with a heritage of innovation, craftsmanship and design. If you're a eager fashionista and always keep shut eyes toward the newest vogue development, you must have discovered a brand new watch style with a a number of leather straps. Considered one of the most well-liked is the long leather-based coat worn by Keanu Reeves within the Matrix. That’s one thing that is commonly a shuttered off expertise for the lots and one that is tough to communicate from still photos and even top quality video alone. You are ready to select one amongst your favourite alternatives; pick your vogue as well as exhibit out your very personal fashion, which normally go well with an individual very best! The classic Burberry coat was made to final and so an aged model can look nearly as good as new one, especially when effectively cared for. For meals and beverage stains and different stubborn stains and marks, try the Coach Signature Fabric Cleaner which works for different manufacturers like Louis Vuitton and Gucci canvas bags as nicely. I'm a watch addict who like share any info and design towards Swiss watches. That is the perfect element making Burberry watches stand out from the large choice of Burberry September See Now Really feel Now designer ones. Impeccable service. Ask for Tanya to assist you find your perfect Burberry merchandise. Instead, the pc software program can strive in direction of restore service the history by way of deleting the destructive code. All of our nonverbal behaviorsthe gestures we generate, the fidgets and expressions we reveal, the course we discuss, sit, stand, and have interaction send out messages which are assumed even more than the text we employ the service of. In opposition to the position of perspective of an finish-individual, your self would will need towards order as an excellent deal material more than beginning to be the instantly firewall and establishing it the appropriate route. Shopping Burberry With Wholesale Price: http://hotbrand.x.yupoo.com/collections/547539
Disclaimer: There is no file stored in our servers, all links are fetched from omdbAPI, in the internet. If you have any DCMA request, please let us know via contact page
Edward J. Olmos made his directorial bow with the powerhouse crime saga American Me. Olmos stars as street-gang leader Santana, who during his 18 years in Folsom Prison rules over all the drug-and-murder activities behind bars. Upon his release, Santana goes back to his old neighborhood, intending to lead a peaceful, crime-free life. But his old gang buddies force him back into his old habits. The
Mexican-American Mafia kingpin Santana is released from prison, falls in love for the first time, and grows introspective about his gangster lifestyle. . You can read more in Google, Youtube, Wiki
Jason T (gb) wrote: I'm honestly not sure how I feel about this one. I didn't hate it, I didn't love it, but I did find myself on the receiving end of some cheap laughs. If you go into not expecting much then you'll probably find it entertaining. However the content is really perverse, so if that's not you thing then steer clear.
Roxanne R (mx) wrote: This one should be watched during the Christmas season so I got a little bit ahead of myself lol..A magic Christmas ornament turns two men's lives upside down when homophobic Tony (Nathaniel Marston) starts preferring men two weeks before his wedding and his gay co-worker Steve ( Tom Archdeacon) finds himself blossoming into a ladies' man. Tom Arnold is also part of the cast and this one was kind of fun, enjoyable. Yes recommended and available on Netflix, enjoy!
oxana (au) wrote: This review is based on Alexander Revisited, which is a longer, differently cut version, but still has just about the same stuff in it.Before this movie, I knew practically nothing about Alexander the Great (what little I had learned in school was long forgotten). After seeing this, the loving bond was inevitable: not only did it have actors I enjoyed watching, but characters to fall in love with as well. This is the single most interesting piece of history I would ever want to study.People have a lot of different kind of opinions about this movie, and I understand that. For me, loving this movie comes from somewhere other than objectively judging its quality, and I have no way to actually defend my opinion (watching Colin Farrell make out with Jared Leto, just a bit, definitely would have won me over no matter what the content).The movie seems a bit dragged out, the battle scenes are too chaotic and long (not to mention the final battle in India which is always the one I hate most), but outside those, there are many good elements. A journey of a man with a vision, yet those who follow him eventually grow tired of chasing after something they do not want. And yet, Alexander the Great was loved by many, and he conquered more than anyone probably thought possible. This movie shows just that - and perhaps a bit more.The soundtrack of this movie is wonderful, within or without the movie. Vangelis did an amazing job on that.
Nicola D (mx) wrote: Life in prison is something better than violence, drugs, more violence, rape, more rape, fight, more fight, abuse, bribing, more drugs, more abuse, more bribing, escaping. I think the only working actor here is Furlong, whose young character is just thrown into the cell. Willem Dafoe bold and inmate didnt convince me, he's too far away from American Psycho. Predictable and flat ending.
Grecco S (gb) wrote: This movie is really fun to watch because it's so awful, but yet it's kinda good!
Jason N (br) wrote: Ruger and his posse use long range rifles to backshoot the outlaws at the waterhole. You can tell it's a 70's western. It's a miracle the actors didn't float off their horses from their undulating butterfly collars.
Greg W (us) wrote: just ok entry in this Universal comedy series Universal milks their 'monsters" for all they can!
JaCob AkA BaNgLeFaN82 (it) wrote: This is one of my many favorite movies was directed and written very well.
Michael M (mx) wrote: I'm a huge fan of the old school slashers, but Chucky's tenure was one that slipped past me until very recently. A great shame, since it is (at least in his first entry) one of the best. Jason is a shark, Freddy's a trickster, but Chucky is just a straight up creep. It takes a lot to make a doll frightening, but somehow they are mostly successful here. There are moments in the film when someone will do something stupid (like throw Chucky across the room giving him time to escape) just for the sake of giving him a chance to come back, but these are thankfully few. There are some genuinely tense moments with a major creep factor. The choice to make the prime victim a child is also interesting; somewhat exploitative, but it's adds a greater sense of danger so it mostly works. In the end, Child's Play is great scary fun, and Chucky earns his status as a horror icon.
A federal agent goes undercover to infiltrate a drug smuggling operation headed by a mysterious Mr. X, a criminal mastermind whose identity is unknown even to his henchmen. Mr. X is also ... . You can read more in Google, Youtube, Wiki
Giuliana L (br) wrote: If you don't like French New Wave cinema, you probably won't like this homage to it. I happen to like French films, (including French New Wave ones) and found it enjoyable and sweet in a surprising way. Profound themes of sadness are explored, but there is also an engaging lightness to the story. The close relationship between the brothers is believable and heart warming; what's surprising is that their closeness has continued beyond childhood. In this movie, family bonds are strong and real, and ultimately provide healing. The jazz score is fantastic, too!
James O (de) wrote: He'd make a good England manager that Ricky Tomlinson. Its a comedy but actually a decent insight into the footballing mentality in theis country that produces the England teams we've been watching for the last 50 years. Like a self parody, not a funny one though.
Ken T (gb) wrote: Freakishly weird with many paradoxical mistakes...That said, it isn't a bad watch, worth one look only"
Max M (jp) wrote: This is a strong contender for my least favorite movies of time. What is worse is that the 1933 original and the 2005 remake are 2 of my all time favorites. Even when I was a kid who was supposed to like everything I knew King Kong Lives was horrible. I find some enjoyment out of the 70s remake (it may be a nostalgia thing, but who knows?), but I HATE King Kong Lives
Lee M (ru) wrote: Hopelessly outdated and borderline ridiculous medical thriller about cloned fashion models.
Lisa S (ru) wrote: this was made right after rocky. its set in new york. its also tom waits first movie. its just a silly movie and its not very good.
KweenKay G (jp) wrote: It's a film that sheds light on Hollywood exploits and the sexual presentation of most pop stars. This movie will open your mind to the dangers that most entertainers and performers are subjected to. Above all else this movies teaches you about self worth and passion. No one can ever pay you enough to do something you don't want to do. You can pursue your dreams but do it with passion.
Mick R (ag) wrote: Not a great movie compared to her true classics like All About Eve, Now Voyager , Jezabel, Watch On The Rhine, Dark Victory etc but if one Bette can always make a movie at least watchable, 2 Bettes, one good & the other bad (& better) has to be an essential must-see
Kieran F (de) wrote: Loved this film, a cross between eagle eye and wanted, what could go wrong, nothing! Great film! John Cusack great as ever!
Gorgeous pics. So jealous. Cameras don’t like me… it is true, they hate me, it ain’t got nuffin to do with my abilities…..
I think when I have children I’m going to send them to your house to have their pictures taken. Because if I took those, it’d probably just look like regular ole, not cute to anyone else, kid butts.
They also make me sad, though, because I’m reminded that my kids are growing and will soon be so old that I’m not the most important person in the world anymore.
Look at that. I was around when the first one was taken. Loved it then. Love it now. Love the new photo, too. Fun to follow little Gabby-doll growing up as my boy’s the same age. Can they really be almost four?
It always amazes me to look at pictures of my kids and see how much they’ve grown and changed – even a few months makes a difference
Isn’t it so bittersweet to see how much they have changed. Remember how incredibly big you thought they were at one but then holy smokes they are so big at three and crap, how huge are they going to be at 10? She is just darling!
De-lurking to express my awe over those pictures. Worth 1,000 words never sounded more true. Beautiful.
When we born then mum is so happy and share with us the longer time as she can. Then we grow up and mum continues thinking about our childhood and she thinks that time never past.
So when mum turns old then she look at us with the same charm and loving and we never realized that.
Precision Financial is dedicated to creating opportunities for people who are interested in affordable homeownership in the central Midwest. Our area of expertise and focus is in the growing lifestyle of manufactured home ownership. When this expertise and focus is coupled with the advantage-laden opportunities of living in a planned residential community our customers are able to capitalize on this rewarding lifestyle choice.
those pictures are so adorable!! makes me want a new camera. or maybe learn how to better use the one i have!
The Day My Son Left For Boot Camp. I drove my son out to Los Angeles last night. I waited with him while...
Butt Massage, Unexpected. A few hours after my Grandmother passed away, my mother suggested that we all go...
Valentine's Day Craft: Hugs and Kisses Gumball Machine Last week I stumbled across the most adorable Valentine's Day craft and I knew I...
My First and Only Male Stripper Experience A while back I was talking with Angella about God and faith and prayers. It...
Come out come out wherever you are. This week is Delurking week. I roll my eyes when I say that outloud and yet,...
If You Read My Blog, CHECK THIS. I read on a few blogs that today is "Delurking Day." I did it last year...
Hide The Children! Here Comes The Renters! On Friday we received the keys to our new house. Our new rental house. I only bring...
My Grandpa: October 5, 1921- October 14, 2008 Dear Grandpa, I am so relieved to know you're not suffering anymore. At the same time,...
I Think I Need to Stop Watching 20/20 If you ask any member of my family what kind of a parent I am,...
My Girl, My Teacher On Friday, my daughter asked me why I don't wear shorts. I paused before I answered...
Staying Motivated "Don't stop trying because you've hit a wall. Progress is progress no matter how small." Since...
Things I Wish Someone Had Told Me About Photographing My Children When I Became a Mother. This post is sponsored by Canon but all opinions are my own. Last weekend I...
Because #BasketballMom It's been a while, yes? So much has happened in the last seven months. Seven months. Mostly...
Archives Select Month September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 January 2015 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 March 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002
America ReFramed "Flying: Confessions of a Free Woman - Part 2" In this two part documentary, master storyteller Jennifer Fox lays bare her own turbulent life to penetrate what it means to be a free woman today. As her drama of work and relationships unfolds over four years, our protagonist travels to over seventeen countries to understand how diverse women define their lives when there is no map. Employing an ingenious new camera technique, called "passing the camera", Fox creates a documentary language that mirrors the special way women communicate. D
Dialogue "Naomi Shihab Nye: Conversations from the Sun Valley Writers' Conference" The Palestinian-American poet, essayist, novelist and teacher talks with host Marcia Franklin. In her writing, she is inspired by her experiences as an Arab-American, as well as the richness and diversity of people and places she has encountered in the U.S. and abroad.G
Carrier "Super Secrets" The ship's location and itinerary are classified. Details of how the nuclear reactor works are top secret. Many aspects of life on a nuclear aircraft carrier are hush-hush. D
Carrier "Squared Away" Mentoring and camaraderie are what hold the ship together. But life on deployment is stressful for everyone aboard, and there can be considerable friction between enlisted personnel and their superiors. Port calls allow sailors to blow off steam, but they don't relieve all the pressure. D
Moyers & Company "John Lewis Marches On" On an encore rebroadcast of Moyers & Company (check local listings), Bill Moyers and Rep. John Lewis (D-GA) meet to share experiences and revelations about the momentous March on Washington, which they both attended 50 years ago. Moyers and Lewis share their experiences and revelations from the 60's civil rights era. D
The March Witness the compelling and dramatic story of the 1963 March on Washington, where Dr. Martin Luther King gave his stirring "I Have a Dream" speech. This watershed event in the civil rights movement helped change the face of America. The film reveals the dramatic story behind the event through the remembrances of key players such as Jack O'Dell, Clarence B. Jones, Julian Bond and Andrew Young.G
Independent Lens "The Powerbroker: Whitney Young's Fight for Civil Rights" A celebrated - and controversial - civil rights era leader, and head of the National Urban League, Whitney Young takes the fight for civil rights directly to the powerful white elite, gaining allies in business and government. His tasks include calming the fears of white allies, relieving the doubts of fellow civil rights leaders and responding to attacks from the militant Black Power movement.G
America ReFramed "Follow The Leader" A political coming-of-age documentary about three boys who want to be President. Over three life-changing years, each rethinks his beliefs and discovers who he truly wants to be as an adult. D
Serving America: Memories of Peace Corps SERVING AMERICA: MEMORIES OF PEACE CORPS highlights the experiences of some of the nearly 3,000 volunteers who served during the early years of the Peace Corps. A mix of archival film and photographs, along with personal stories from former volunteers, tells a story of service and idealism. Interviews convey the volunteers' passion, commitment and bravery as they lived and worked in developing countries, including South and Central America, Africa and the Middle East. D
Global Voices "Journals of a Wily School" On the hot and crowded streets of Kolkata (formerly Calcutta), three thousand pickpockets ply their trade every day, three hundred of them circulating through police custody at any given time. JOURNALS OF A WILY SCHOOL takes viewers inside the world of these petty thieves and the detectives who doggedly pursue them, day in and day out. With unprecedented access, first-time director Sudeshna Bose follows a young and talented pickpocket named Azad Jalaluddin, revealing in cinema verit? style the many layers of his life. D
Shooting in the Wild Based on the book Shooting in the Wild by wildlife filmmaker and American University professor Chris Palmer, the film takes a behind-the-scenes peek into the world of natural history filmmaking. It reveals secrets for getting the perfect shot while discussing the pervasive and troubling trends toward sensationalism, extreme risk-taking and even animal abuse. Emerging explorer and filmmaker Alexandra Cousteau is host.G
Category America's Healthy Lifestyle Coach, broadcast, business, dance, Dance Classes, dance student, dance workout, Dancinerate, Dancing, diets, discount, dvds, facebook, Fitness, FitnessGlo, food, Global Voice Broadcasting, goals, healthy, healthy eating, Healthy Lifestyle, Ilyse Baker, january, LA, live, los angeles, network, New Year, new year's resolutions, nutrition, Qignition, support, Tafiq Akhir, Teaching, twitter, Uncategorized, website, Weight Watchers, weight watchers the ultimate dance party, wellness, workout, youtube
I’m looking forward to a great 2014, both personally and for the people with whom I teach; and the best is yet to come!
My 2014 journey started out being interviewed by Tafiq Akhir, America’s Healthy Lifestyle Coach, on the Global Voice Broadcasting network. Tafiq’s show is broadcast live Friday nights at 9PM EST / 6PM PST on www.globalvoicebroadcasting.com, focusing on fitness, nutrition and wellness support.
Tafiq is a jack-of-all trades and incredible at what he does. We first met a couple months ago on a Qignition fitness shoot and hit it off right away. I was incredibly honored, flattered and excited that Tafiq invited me to share my thoughts about business, fitness and health on his show for a complete hour! We chatted about New Year’s resolutions (Tafiq calls them “goals”), nutrition, healthy eating, diets and much more and I was able to talk with a caller who has a couple of children and doesn’t have time to work out and share my ideas of how she could make exercise part of her daily routine.
“To Your Health and Fitness” – January 3, 2014 with Special Guest Dance and Fitness Expert, Ilyse Baker
From a business perspective we talked about the importance of fitness pros working together and never being negative about others, that some people like different pro’s energy and some people will like my energy and others will like someone else’s energy better, and that’s okay! We also talked about my “Dancinerate” DVD and digital downloads (you can get a discount on my Website by putting in the code “dance247”) and much, much more. You know the old cliché “time flies when you’re having fun?” Tafiq and I had such a great time the hour flew by and we couldn’t believe that the show was over.
My interview with Tafiq was incredible; I’d like all my friends to ‘like,’ ‘follow’ and check out Tafiq on all his Social platforms and website:
2014 is going to the next step in my journey that started with this interview, and I’ve been asked to do others over the next couple of months. I’m incredibly excited about my DVD, the Weight Watchers DVD I created and look forward to helping people get fit and have fun in the New Year.
Until next time, I leave you with the following thought from Tafiq: “There is nothing to it, but to do it!”
I LOVE what I do, which is helping people have fun and stay fit, mainly through Dance but also in a variety of other disciplines, and I want to share my passion for good health and life with as many people as possible.
I’m fortunate to be able to do this through the classes that I teach, Qignition, FitnessGlo, Reebok and a few surprises that I can announce shortly, especially if you’re a member of a very specific large organization (shhh!).
And, of course, I’ve released the first of what I hope will be many videos recently and thank those who have brought me into their homes.
If you’re reading this blog, chances are you already know me or follow me on one of the various Social Media platforms that I’m on, and I’m asking all of my readers to pass on my platforms to their friends who would like to find new ways toward incorporating fun into their workouts.
So if you aren’t already connected to me, I’m inviting you to do so and I will follow you back. If we’re already connected, please pass this information on to your friends who you think might be interested in my insight into a fun, healthy lifestyle at the following:
And as an added bonus to anyone who likes what they see, I’m offering a $5 discount off my DVD at my website: http://ilysebaker.com/
We’re headed into the season where most of us, including me, go to parties, get together in large groups with friends and family and eat and drink. One of my goals during this time of year is to get people to have FUN while working out. The more people I can reach, the happier I am…and hopefully you will too!
Monday night about 10 million viewers watched The Bachelor Season 17 finale to see if Sean Lowe was going to get down on one knee to propose to either Catherine Guidici or Lindsay Yenter. I mean, what woman wouldn’t want to watch one sexy single guy (Hey Hilton, you’re still the sexiest guy I know!) seeking his future wife where the road to true love can be very surprising and even quite steamy?! Come on…you know we American women buy into Reality TV all the time (how many guys out there are willing to admit they watch the show? Hands up!)!
I didn’t get to watch this season from the beginning as I rarely have time for TV. However, about 3 weeks ago I bonded with my sister Dayna over the show and got hooked. So, along with ten million others, I invested 3 hours Monday night to find out what Sean would do, and admit shedding tears throughout the show.
I loved that Catherine gave Sean little notes here and there telling him what was on her mind. Not like I’d do anything like that; right Hilton!?!
I’m so enamored with this couple that I fantasized “what can I do to help them?” and decided I wanted to choreograph their wedding dance. Simple idea, huh? I’m the right person for it, huh?
So, after watching After the Final Rose, where Sean said they were planning a quick wedding, I got right on Twitter to tweet away to Sean and Catherine, congratulating them and also letting them know that I would be happy to choreograph their wedding dance. Good start…huh?!
Then Tuesday I wake up and see that it was announced on Good Morning America that Sean will be joining the cast of Dancing With The Stars this season with dance partner, Peta Murgatroyd. Sooo…now what, as I am sure he can get any of the Pros to choreograph for him? Nooooo nooooo I LOVE my idea and am sticking to it. Sean will be busy getting incredible training from Peta so who will Catherine have to train her for their big day? What about her??????? Who will work with her???????
Here’s where you can help! If you agree that Catherine should take dance classes and training from me, it’s just a matter of how I get to Sean and Catherine. Ok…I am still thinking out of the box about it and trying to work my magic. In the meantime, all of YOU can help me with this new venture that I am pursuing so here is what I’d like you to do:
1) Tweet away to: @SeanLowe99 @clmgiudici @chrisbharrison @ABCBachSeanLowe @BachelorABC letting them know that you know someone who would be great as Catherine’s Dance Trainer (yep, me!)
This could be lots of fun for everyone and, if I’m chosen, I’ll share everything I’m allowed with all of my readers so we can all follow this beautiful couple down the aisle and to their wedding day.
There has been a series of posts on emerging market troubles in the past few weeks. Dani Rodrik, Nouriel Roubini, Kenneth Rogoff, Tyler Cowen and the FT's Beyondbrics have all pondered on the great issues facing the emerging markets in the past few years and months (Project Syndicate has an entire section devoted to the loss of momentum in the EMs dubbed "Subemerging Markets?"). Many of the concerns they express don't seem to be fading, in fact they are likely to become even more pronounced in the years to come.
Arguably the main issue over the past months have been declining currencies and capital flight, mostly due to various political disruptions (Argentina, Brazil, Turkey, Ukraine, Thailand, India, etc.). In addition the tapering of Fed's quantitative easing (tighter monetary policy) is causing havoc to many countries whose currencies are tied to the dollar and whose foreign debt is dollar-denominated.
It seems that the economic crisis in the West has after all affected the emerging markets. It was actually quite foolish to think that EMs would be intact following the decline of aggregate demand in the West. After all, Europe and America are the EM's biggest export markets. As Reinhart and Rogoff have warned us in their influential book "This Time is Different": banking crises in the West slow its economic activity thus hitting exports of EM countries, lowering the access to foreign currency the EMs need to service their debts. Weak global growth will depress commodity prices thus further reducing earnings of commodity exporters (mostly EM countries). The global credit squeeze makes in even harder for the EMs to raise new debt and fund their activities, while the decrease of investor confidence means that investors are taking their money away from riskier assets and moving it to low-yield government securities. This again implies troubles for the EMs which find it harder to borrow on the international market as their bond yields become less attractive to investors. Even though throughout the scope of the Western crisis and recovery some EM countries have been (more or less) robust to the global credit squeeze (it was mainly Europe that suffered, or to be more precise the peripheral Europe), this was mainly thanks to the rise of China as the alternative financial superpower. However as the Chinese growth model slows down, its vulnerabilities get exposed, and as the West recovers, imposing tighter monetary policy, the financial crisis-related problems are re-emerging for the EMs.
It's hard to blame the EMs for this, since the global crisis was hardly their fault. But it makes sense to blame them for not adjusting to this problem when it became rather obvious.
Over the past few decades one can actually speak of a fairly convenient position the EMs were in: high commodity prices, low global interest rates (recall the famous Bernanke's global savings glut), large exposure to foreign financing (inflow of capital), and more prudent domestic macro policies (such as central bank policies aimed at lowering inflation). It's no wonder they experienced rapid growth rates.
But the real question is how have their domestic governments used this favourable position? Back in July last year, in the midst of the many protests arising simultaneously in several EM countries (Brazil, Turkey, Egypt, Indonesia, Bulgaria), I suggested that the largest issue for all these countries has been the fact that they failed to utilize on the strong growth they had in the pre-crisis decade. Years of above average growth rates have been accumulated mostly by the political and corporate (crony) elites, not the majority of the population. This of course causes great distress in the population which can culminate in even the slightest detail (such as the increase of bus fares in Sao Paolo or a construction site at a park in Istanbul).
When anti-government protests combine with worsening macroeconomic conditions, then an obvious reaction from the financial markets is to punish such behaviour. In particular to punish political instabilities, lack of reforms and downright cronyism that lead to macro vulnerability and weakening currencies. Financial markets fear the possible descent of these countries into further depreciation spirals, rising inflation and interest rates, problems of debt repayments and consequentially a full-blown financial crisis.
Apart from institutional reforms the policymakers in emerging markets must think of good short-term macro remedies. Most of these can be solved jointly by a pledge to reform a crony system which would send a clear signal to the financial markets of the (anticipated) stability of these countries, which may very well turn the tide in a different direction. Some positive examples imply this is possible (Mexico, Malaysia, Chile), even though there's still a long way to go.
The FT however is far more pessimistic reporting that the EMs are still characterized by all the same troubles they had back in the 90s: "dollar-denominated debt backed by local-currency revenues (the so-called 'original sin')". They report a rapid rise of cross-border bank lending but even more importantly a rapid expansion of private sector bond issuance (see the figures below).
Some explanation is needed here: "It is standard practice for central banks to identify issuers by country of
residence rather than nationality – so that if the Brazilian subsidiary of Banco Santander, for example, issues
a bond, it will appear as part of the private sector debt of Brazil rather than of Spain. And if an overseas
subsidiary of a Brazilian company issues a bond in, say, the Cayman Islands, it will appear in the debt
"...over the past decade ... the amount of debt issued by EM corporations through overseas subsidiaries has grown quickly – adding substantially to the stock of original sin. Pretending it is not there does nothing to reduce the vulnerability of the ultimate issuing nation.
Drilling down a bit further, we see that while the bulk of such issuance has come from governments and banks, in some countries – India and China stand out in our sample – a significant part of the increase has come from non-financial corporations (NFCs).
Hyun Song Shin and Laura Yi Zhao, in a recent paper from Princeton, argue that, especially in China but also in other countries such as India, Indonesia and South Korea, such issuance constitutes surrogate financial intermediation and has contributed to the stock of credit available in those countries."
Which brings us to the bubble story in China (its enormous shadow banking system) and the rising vulnerability and exposure of the EM countries to China's problems. Even though China is a bubble waiting to burst, its burst may not turn out to be so devastating (at least for them) if higher consumption steps in to replace the malinvestment bubble. But their temporary decline in growth is already causing problems for many EM countries. If China goes into a full financial crisis (no matter how quickly it may recover), the EMs are likely to suffer much more than in the post-2008 period. This can once again lead us to conclude that, regardless of the buffer you're using, unsustainable foreign-denominated debt, coupled with political instability and state capture of democracies, always get punished by financial markets.
As I claim in the title, I'm an economist. But I'm also a lecturer and a researcher trying to find my space among the stars of the economics blogosphere. See more
If you love an image (whether it's yours or someone else's) and want to make sure others get a chance to see it, you can “feature” it by choosing the “Spotlight” button.
When an image is Spotlighted, it receives enhanced visibility in premium spots throughout the site. Spotlighted images are rotated through these higher-visibility positions to ensure the best opportunity for the images to be seen by JPG users.
If you see a great photo that would make a perfect entry for one of our Shoot Out photo contests but it was uploaded by another user, now you can enter that photo in the contest and, if it wins, you get to share in the contest winnings.
Like a photo editor, if you've got an eye for great work, find it and submit it to a contest. If it wins, since you staked the entry fee, you'll take home part of the prize (the rest, of course, goes to the member who shot the image).
Payments are processed by PayPal and you will be automatically forwarded to PayPal to complete your transaction. It may take a few minutes after you complete your transaction for you contest credits to update. We will send an email to your registered email address once we have received a successful transaction from PayPal and updated you credits.
Airport Car Service Washington Dc is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Based on beautiful Waiheke Island in the Hauraki Gulf, one of the most idyllic locations for weddings in New Zealand and the world.
We’ve had clients add QR codes to their car magnets so while they are out, potential customers can easily scan the QR code and buy products or call. Our car magnets are printed on heavy-duty material. These glossy magnets are printed in full color and offer long lasting outdoor use. Printing pricing for one 18×12 inch car magnet is $28* or $56* for one 24×18 inch car magnet. Additional sizes available. Choose from standard square corners or upgrade to rounded corners. Graphic design is additional. Printing time is usually 4 business days. *As of August 1, 2014. Prices subject to change. Shipping and taxes are additional.
Outdoor banners can be used for billboards, building wraps, banners, trade show signage and more. Waterproof and durable use them outdoors and indoors. Available in 13oz scrim vinyl matte stock. Add finishing options like grommets and hems, or pole pockets. Ask about our collapsible banner stands which are versatile and easy to setup. The stands arrive in a slim nylon bag.
Indoor Banners are great for POP displays, artful decor, and more. The 10mil vinyl material has a smooth matte finish which offers high print quality and versatility. Heavier and more durable than our 10mil Indoor Banner, our premium quality 15oz Blockout Vinyl is intended to block out any light source. Grommets can be added to most banners in the corners or every 2 feet so they can be hung easily. Indoor banners are not waterproof or scuff resistant. An aluminum retractable banner stand which is packed in a small bag and can be set up in a few easy steps. Also ask about our collapsible banner stands which are versatile and easy to setup. The stands arrive in a slim nylon bag.
KoroKards are giant greeting cards are self-standing, water-resistant, coroplast cards that are cut and folded in half. Send grand greetings, announce promotions, show the new “big” menu and leave a HUGE impression! Can be printed in full color on one or two sides. KoroKards are also available in custom cut shapes. With your imagination and creativity you can make your wildest dreams come true with pretty much any shape of giant greeting cards!
Posters are printed on a photo quality, glossy paper stock. They can be used to print enlarged photos, signs, artwork and a variety of other ways. They are delicate and not scuff resistant or waterproof.
Signs (rigid coroplast) are typically used for yard, parking, real estate, and election signs. They are waterproof and H-Stakes make them easy to place.
Signs (rigid foamcore) are typically mounted on an easel for presentations or can be used for signs, posters, etc. It is made of a relatively delicate material and is best for one time use; it can last longer with proper care. This product is not waterproof.
Window Clings are near photo quality and ideal for POP signage on glass or glass-like smooth clean surfaces. They are printed on a glossy material and can be used indoor or outdoor.
I have been here a couple of instances and generally like it. I could request another stylist following time. See Extra
I only went to this shop simply because I'd a present card. The provider was higher than expectation. I like The truth that they wore title tags.
As a lady, you already know we don't like adjust. So that you can picture my hesitance to test a fresh hairdresser. I used to be… study additional one. Rossano Ferretti Hairspa
What I like about Ashley is usually that she really listens to you personally any time you inform her what you wish. With Ashley, I truly have faith in her judgment. She understands what appears to be like very good, and simultaneously she is incredibly gifted, effectively-experienced and swift (This to me is an extremely worthwhile quality as I am generally pressed punctually).
De Souza provides a popularity for producing loaded brunettes, for example Mila Kunis and Rachel Bilson. But he had some thing sunnier in your mind for our dim strands. As an alternative to deepening our basic brown, he confidently swept golden highlights from our roots to our suggestions, applying slender honey and caramel ribbons that acquired thicker and blonder towards the ends. The beachy final results added sizeable warmth and produced our skin glow with health and fitness.
Just lately i are hesitant to go just wherever to get my hair accomplished, there have been instances when i was reffered by buddies to specific stylists and…
As an alternative, he brightened our faded blonde that has a delicate Display screen of champagne highlights, then used a honeyed toner that created our hair sparkle. The glossy shade seemed so balanced and vibrant, we were being shocked—in a great way.
Even though Jahanbigloo counts Julia Roberts and Ashley Judd as shoppers, she suit us into her schedule with impressive relieve. Her model is Similarly graceful. Rather then a everlasting tint, she employed a lightener, which she claims lasts for a longer period and is particularly more unlikely to turn brassy after a while.
He painted superfine champagne streaks all through our dishwater-blonde hair, then used a foundation lightener afterward to help you blend them in. The shimmering colour went over and above our anticipations.
I generally get anxious with someone new but he took the reigns and it arrived out attractive! The blonde is so shiny and very well believed out. The salon was… go through more three. SE Salon of Beverly Hills