TOSHIBA Satellite M50-156 Professional grade A cell batteries custom manufactured for high performance and longer life to exceed OEM specifications
Every TOSHIBA Satellite M50-156 replacement laptop battery is thoroughly safety tested and certified in our ISO 9001 factories
a). "G-G-Ghost D-D-Dad" Homer dies because he's eaten the deadliest plant on Earth, broccoli. When he arrives at the Pearly Gates of Heaven he finds he cannot get in because he hasn't done one good deed all his life. St. Peter gives him 24 hours to perform at least one. b). "Scary Tales Can Come True" Bart and Lisa are abandoned to the deep dark woods. With a book of Fairy Tales to guide them, the pair navigates their way past a troll and three bears eventually arriving at the house of the witch who lives in the gingerbread house. Meanwhile, Homer and Marge change their minds and he goes in search of the children giving Rapunzel a haircut along the way. c). "Night of the Dolphin" Lisa lets a dolphin go free but it turns out this particular dolphin is the dolphin's king. Now that he has his freedom he plots to take his revenge on the land dwelling humans. Soon the dolphins are back on land where they've belonged all along and the humans are banished to the sea.
When the phone company gives Springfield a new area code, Homer revolts taking the part of Springfield with the new area code (the poor side of town) with him. Soon it's Olde Springfield versus New Springfield. As mayor of New Springfield Homer runs it haphazardly and soon the population of New Springfield moves over to Olde Springfield, leaving the Simpson family as the only residents. It takes a Who concert to bring the two parts of Springfield together.
Homer and Bart fix things around the house using fireworks. They destroy Lisa's room on her birthday, so help make it up to her, the family goes to a book fair, where among other things Krusty is signing his new book. A little girl named Sophie is in line and she tells Krusty that she is his daughter. Krusty flashes back to his role in the Gulf War. Sophie's mother now hates Krusty. Krusty tries spending time with Sophie at the beach, but they don't bond very well. He sees Homer interacting with his kids and gets some parenting advice from his. Krusty gambles away Sophie's violin in a poker game with Fat Tony. She gets very upset with Krusty, so he (with Homer's help) try to steal back the violin. There is a big Mafia summit at Fat Tony's place and Krusty manages to escape with the violin and a bunch of cash. He wins back Sophie's love, but the mob goes after Homer for his role in the caper and shoots at him. Somehow Homer escapes.
Bart wants the new Gamestation 256, so he tries to get a job to earn the money, but his job as a menu boy causes a great deal of paper litter to be strewn about the city making Lisa lament the plight of the trees. Then Lisa falls for a meat protester, which inspires her to join their environmental protection group. Later, when an old redwood tree is danger of being cut down, she begins living in the tree, but her desire to return home becomes to great and she leaves for just a little while. However it's too late because when she returns the next morning the tree has come down. During the night the tree was struck by lightning and the city thinks that Lisa is dead.
Bart gets an A in astronomy, so Homer takes the family out for a celebration dinner. Homer's credit card is declined. He and Marge realize that they are broke, so Homer asks Mr. Burns for a raise. With Smithers away in New Mexico mounting his play about Malibu Stacy; Mr. Burns gives Homer a promotion. Homer has to make Mr. Burns laugh. Homer becomes a clown for him with Homer's life becoming an episode of MTV's "Jackass." As the title indicates, he has no dignity. After a panda rapes him, he begins to hate the job. Lisa discovers his secret and tries to get him to retrieve his dignity. Mr. Burns eventually fires him, so he becomes a department store Santa (again?). He is in a parade as Santa when Mr. Burns offers him $1,000,000 to pull one more prank. When Homer refuses, Mr. Burns does it himself, pouring fish guts onto the children.
As Mr. X Homer starts his own web page where begins revealing Springfield's secrets. He ultimately wins the Pulitzer Prize for his work so he reveals himself to the public. When everyone knows that he is Mr. X his ability to obtain secrets disappears. So he begins making up stories. When one of those stories turns out to be the truth, he is kidnapped and taken to "The Island," a place where those who know too much are taken out of society.
Bart gets a magic set and with it he and Homer try street performing to make money. When it doesn't work out, Homer leaves Bart on his own, fending for himself. Being abandoned by his father makes Bart into a charity case and people just start giving Bart money. So Bart and Homer start working this angle and then get some advice from the man who wrote the book on grifting, Grampa Simpson. When they get busted pulling a scam, they manage to scam their way out of the situation; but Groundskeeper Willy may wind taking the fall, unless Homer or Bart confesses their guilt.
The Simpson family goes to a French circus. While watching the show a freak snowstorm hits the circus tent. It's a relentless snowstorm; everything closes, except for Springfield Elementary; Principal Skinner doesn't want to ruin his "Cal Ripken-like streak of school openage." With the teachers at an "emergency caucus," Skinner has the kids sit through a terrible film. When they go to leave at the end of the day, they find that the school is snowed in. The kids start to revolt against Skinner, so he gets tough with them. Meanwhile, Homer and Flanders go to save the kids, but get stranded in a snow bank. Skinner loses control of the school to the kids, led by Bart and he ends up trapped in a bag. The kids go through the schools records. Skinner sends a hamster out in the snow in an attempt to save himself. Homer and Flanders pass out due to carbon monoxide poisoning and Homer has bizarre fantasies about ranch dressing. The hamster saves them, leaving them free to save the kids. Skinner and Bart agree never to discuss the day again.
The Simpson family goes to an animation convention. Homer falls in love with a new product there and invests the family's life savings in a company that soon declares super-duper bankruptcy. To gain their life savings back, he sells his body for medical testing. The doctors find something odd in his head x-ray. Homer has a crayon lodged in his brain. This explains why he is such a moron. He thinks it is because he shoved crayons up his nose as a child. When the doctors remove the crayon, he gets smarter. This allows him to bond with Lisa. In fact Homer proves to be even smarter than she is. He is so smart that he accidentally proves there is no God. He also blows the whistle on the plant's nuclear safety violations. So the nuclear plant has to close and everyone hates him. He can't find happiness in things he used to like and he can't fit in with the people of Springfield. He decides to have Moe (a licensed surgeon) shove another crayon into his brain and he goes back to being a blissful idiot. Lisa understands why he did it and doesn't hate him for it.
The family attends a prison rodeo and Marge sees artistic potential in one of the inmates after she sees some of his work hanging in the prison infirmary. She volunteers to teach art at the prison and then vouches for her artistic inmate at his parole hearing. Now back in the real world, the inmate needs a job and Marge gets him one at the school, painting a picture depicting school spirit. His take on school spirit and Principal Skinners are at odds. Meanwhile Homer, whose back was injured at the rodeo, seeks the help of chiropractor. He soon discovers that his old trashcan is just as effective as the chiropractor, so he dubs it "Dr. Homer's Miracle Spinal Cylinder" and goes into business for himself. Until the chiropractors take their revenge.
Despite being banned for life from the comic book store, Bart and Milhouse take over its management when the Comic Book Guy suffers from a cardiac episode, "the worst episode ever". Their management of the shop is fairly successful, until they discover the Comic Book Guy's secret stash of illegal video clips and begin charging admission for their viewing. Meanwhile, the Comic Book Guy on the road to recovery receives tips from Homer on making friends to no avail. Until a chance meeting with Principal Skinner's mother sparks an unusual relationship.
The Simpsons go to an old folks' talent show. Homer looks into getting a casket for Abe, but instead decides to build a tennis court. He doesn't really like tennis; he got it confused with foxy boxing. All the locals want to use the tennis court. The Simpsons are the L.A. Clippers of tennis. Everyone mocks them behind their backs. Marge is horrified and starts to become competitive. She enters Krusty's tournament without Homer, her partner is Bart. This sets up a situation similar to that of Oedipus. Homer enters the tournament with Lisa as his partner. He turns her against Marge. At the tournament, there are a number of tennis pros in the stands. The stakes rise when Homer recruits Venus Williams and drops Lisa. Marge cries foul, so she is allowed to have Serena Williams as a partner. Serena then dumps Marge and successfully recruits Pete Sampras. Then Venus dumps Homer and successfully recruits Andre Agassi. The Simpson family then makes up. With the tennis court in their backyard, they will resume playing tennis together, right?
Krusty feels pressure from the network to change his show, so he decides to retire for the fifth and final time. Meanwhile, in prison Sideshow Bob becomes outraged when he finds out that Krusty has erased his past by taping over all his old episodes. He gets released from prison and begins plotting his revenge. First he gets an assistant janitor job at Springfield Elementary and then he begins turning Bart into a Krusty killing machine. During the Krusty's final bow, he expresses his regret for what he did to Sideshow Bob just a Bart is about to kill him…
Homer "runs" in the Springfield marathon, but when Bart crashes the end of the race an unruly mob is ready to lynch him. A passing stranger rescues him and offers Bart the opportunity to join a new boy band "Party Posse" as the bad boy. Other members of this new band include, Milhouse, Nelson and Ralph. Using NASA technology to enhance their voices they might just make it. And they will, until it is revealed that their videos and music are rigged to brainwash people into joining the Navy. Their manager goes crazy when the government cuts off his funding, but with a little help from N' Sync, the boys of Party Posse try to save the staff of "Mad Magazine" from certain destruction.
The Simpson family goes to "Blockoland". When Lisa gets ripped off, Homer sticks up for her and is successful. He vows to start helping the little guy. He helps Bart get a girlfriend and helps Marge get her hair streaked. He even tries to help Lenny get a refund from the Springfield Isotopes' owner, H.K. Duff VIII. In doing so, he discovers that the owner is moving the baseball team to Albuquerque. He tries to tell the media about it, but they don't believe him. He vows to go on a hunger strike to call attention to the situation. This seems hopeless, because of Homer's voracious appetite. He chains himself to a lawn chair and starts getting a lot of attention. Then management, seizing an opportunity, begins exploiting him until the truth finally comes out about the Albuquerque deal.
A new kid comes to Springfield Elementary and Lisa attempts to make friends with this new girl, but for all her trouble she just winds up the victim of this female version of Nelson. Lisa discovers the cause; pheromones given off by nerds are what attract bullies and she presents her findings where there needed most, the "12th Annual Big Science Thing". Meanwhile, after a visit from a baby safety consultant gets the Simpson home safe, Homer decides to go into the safety industry, making Springfield safe for all children.
Maggie eats a magazine and Marge takes her to the hospital, leaving Homer to do the food shopping. Homer abuses a bag boy, which leads to the bag boys going out on strike. With them on strike, the family does not go grocery shopping. When their food runs out, Homer searches the house for food and he finds 30+-year-old animal crackers. When he opens the box, he finds it contains a golden giraffe; the token, which indicates the recipient, has won an African safari. The manufacturer honors the prize and sends the Simpson family to Africa. Their tour of the African wilderness is very strange. A local tribe treats them to a concert. Later, when a hippo tries to attack Homer, the Simpson family escapes on a makeshift raft. They sail down river and end up having to fend for themselves in the wilderness. They come across a scientist who is researching monkeys. When poachers come to take the monkeys, the Simpson family helps him to fight back. Lisa soon discovers that the researcher actually runs a chimp diamond mine and the poachers are actually Greenpeace. The Simpsons fly back home.
Homer's thumb is cut off following breakfast and the episode follows three different paths. Homer's day: as he and Marge race to get his thumb reattached. Lisa's day: as she misses the bus and tries to get to school so that she can win the science fair, but finds herself at one point at West Springfield Elementary. Bart's day: as he and Milhouse make use of a stash of fireworks that Fat Tony has illegally smuggled into the country. In the end their respective paths come together.
When he can stop thinking of her and to help him stop living in the past, Ned gets the Simpson family to help remove all the reminders of Maude he has around the house. Only one item misses getting thrown into the chipper, a sketchbook that contains Maude's vision of a Christian amusement park called "Praiseland." Ned goes on a quest to build this amusement park, which, opens to lackluster reviews; describe as the "height of tedium". When suddenly a miracle occurs, as a Maude mask floats in front of the Maude statue. It is quickly discovered that anyone who stands in front of the statue has visions. Is it truly a miracle, or just the passing of gas?
The Simpsons go to see if they would like to take any of the classes at the YMCA. Homer tries out the basketball class but he tears the ACL in his knee. He can't go to work while he recovers from surgery. He is bored at home. He tries unsuccessfully to breed the dog and the cat to each other, and then Homer takes care of Rod and Todd one evening. When he finds that he is pretty good at it, he starts a daycare center. He still neglects Bart and Lisa, making them jealous. He becomes eligible for a Good Guy award for his service to the community. A film crew follows him as he does good deeds. Bart and Lisa devise a plan to show the world that he is a neglectful father. At the awards ceremony, they show home movies of him. When he ends up choking Bart, everyone is outraged. Homer flees the ceremony with the kids in a stolen car. The police catch him and later he apologizes to Bart and Lisa for his behavior.
The family wins a trip to Delaware, but Homer refuses to pay the tax on the ticket, so they ride the rails and meet a hobo who sings and tells them some tall tales. The first is the tale is about "Paul Bunyan" and here we are treated to Homer playing the role of Paul as a giant doofus, a natural role for him. The next tale shows us Lisa as "Connie Appleseed," who tries to convince the pioneers to eat apples instead of buffalo. The third tale isn't really tall, it's a Mark Twain tale about Tom Sawyer (Bart) and Huckleberry Finn (Nelson), whom go on the run when Huck won't marry Becky (Lisa).
August 8, 2018 In Art, Business, Design, fashion, French style, interior design, Lifestyle, Travel, Uncategorized By Margery Wedderburn
With a whole new season of Broadway shows approaching, people cannot help but talk about the announcement of the “Devil Wears Prada” musical. Based on the 2006 film by the same name, the music will be written by Elton John and the script by famous playwright Paul Rudnick, and is prospected to open at an indeterminate time in the 2018 season. With the big name of Kevin McCollum as producer, (Hand to God, Something Rotten), the show will undoubtedly bring in the masses.
For fashion and interior design lovers, like me, this is HUGE and exciting news. Devil Wears Prada is one of my favorite movies. I lived this sort of life (well, of Anne Hathaway) for about a year when I was younger, so it makes sense that it would be a favorite.
Although the show will go on without the stars who made the film, specifically Meryl Streep, Stanley Tucci, and Anne Hathaway, the famed rock-star and composer of “The Lion King,” “Aida” and “Billy Elliot” writing the music should make up for it. Elton John has won several Tony awards for his work on all three shows he has been a part of, one of which has yet to leave the Broadway stage.
Under Elton John, stars such as John Hickok and Sherie Renee Scott launched their explosive careers, so the undetermined cast of The Devil Wears Prada is sure to impress the Broadway theater community.
Information on the rules, equipment and history can be found in the Cycling Track section of this site.
Other information relating to this event can be selected from the drop down list: Result Start List Entry list by event Medallists
Associate/ Car Feature Editor – cody.cole@shawgroupmedia.com Since the age of 4, Cody has been obsessed with everything Mopar. On Christmas of 1998, Cody's parents gave him a rusty '69 Charger shell that his father saved from a field. Cody's garage still features that '69 Charger as well as the additions of a '70 Coronet, '71 Charger R/T, '71 Road Runner, '04 SRT-4, '06 Grand Cherokee SRT8, '08 Challenger SRT8 and a '17 Ram 1500 Rebel. Cody can truly and proudly say him and his wife are true Mopar nuts in love with all types of Mopars!
I have read through a lot of other's people magic's door, so it would be better if I also share my magic door for other people.
HR Business Partner The main responsibility for this position is to support the Head of HR WEA and Country manager Belux in defining, delivering and executing an HR strategy and agenda against business needs, all in close cooperation with the HR teams...
The VELUX Group represents one of the strongest brands in the global building material sector with manufacturing companies in 11 countries and sales companies in just under 40 countries. Would you like to join one of the strongest brands in the global...
Hunter profile Excellent Dutch and French 5+ years’ experience in a similar position Hays Sales Brussels is currently looking for an account manager for a well-known company active in B2B financial sector. Given its strong growth, the...
For our Sales team in the Brussels office, we’re looking for 2 Jr Sales/New Business Development (FMCG clients) As part of our Sales team, you will start by familiarizing yourself with our products and services, our tools and...
World4You Internet Services GmbH, headquartered in Austria, is offering services for webspace, webhosting, domains, domain registrations, server housing and data centres since 1998.
Jessica Koehler is making a blast in the band. Miss Koehler is a 26-year-old band teacher. She fell in love with the band in High School and thought she should keep pursuing it. She decided to become a teacher because of her father. Ms. Koehler seems to have a great relationship with her sister. When...
New Ulm High School's students present The Brothers Grimm Spectaculathon, a play containing 209 Disney stories, such as Cinderella, Snow White, Rapunzel and The Devil's Grandmother, with a dark twist. The cast and producer, Mrs. Thursby, have been working hard to prepare for their opening night, Ma...
Students in NUHS Basic Foods classes have been cooking something hot this week. Students have been preparing a special bowl of chili for a chili cook-off. Every semester students in basic foods classes form groups and compete against each other to see who can make the best bowl of chili. Each group ...
Bring your favorite childhood memories back to life as the New Ulm Figure Skating Club presents the 2018 ice show, “Happily Ever After.” This show features a bundle of songs from Disney Movies including Cinderella, Frozen, Beauty and the Beast, Mulan, Pocahontas, Tangled, The Little Mermaid, The...
This year's play that New Ulm High School is performing is the Brothers Grimm Specaculathon. This show will take the fairy tales that kids have grown up with and turn them on their head, making them different, and much darker. The Brothers Grimm are famous for their collection of original stories...
The New Ulm High School speech team had their first meet of the season on Saturday, February 3. Three members of the NUHS speech team placed at the tournament. Nicholas Schultz and Emma Maudal teamed together to take fourth place as a duo, and Bethany Jansen took sixth place as a great speaker. The team...
On Saturday, February 3rd, New Ulm Public High School hosted the regional One Act Section competition. This was the one chance for our section One-Act teams to make it to the state One Act competition, which took place February 7 - February 10. Some of the noteworthy teams that competed were New Prague,...
Walking down the hallway, a slight reflection catches a student's eye. They glance at the glass, only to see an ocean of silver and gold. A smile shows as the student's eyes gaze upon the NUHS trophy case - suddenly they realize how proud they are to be part of something amazing. They glance again,...
Mrs. Hauth, a new teacher at NUHS, moved to New Ulm, MN from Zimmerman, MN. She has been teaching for 8 years, with this year being her first in New Ulm. Mrs. Hauth was a director with Pampered Chef and she operated a small bakery called "Cole's Confections's." The bakery specialized in cheesecakes,...
A group of 14 New Ulm FFA members went to Indiana for the 90th annual National FFA Convention trip. The group attended many of the convention sessions and listened to guest speakers like Laila Ali. Also, the group went on tours to Fair Oaks Farms, Beef and Boards Dinner Theatre, and an Orchid farm....
The Oompas are hard at work preparing for the musical on Nov. 17th and 18th at 7pm and Nov. 19th at 2pm. Tickets are available online or at the District Office. You can buy tickets at the door but you might not get the seats you want. Tickets for adults are $10 and Children are $7. The Cast of Will...
自《荒野行动》推出了全新休闲玩法生化训练场之后，无论是战斗力爆表的感染者，还是勇往直前的战士，都受到了玩家们的喜爱。由于该玩法为非对称竞技玩法，敌我对抗时，往往需要采取不同的策略。各位玩家若是想把两种角色都玩的得心应手，那就快码下这份“攻略指南”吧！
Jan 5, 2017. Year after year, tons of online dating sites have documented a surge in traffic during December and January—a.k.a. the height of "cuffing season." In fact, Match calls. The app Plentyoffish, on the other hand, predicted January 1 would break records, with a 48 percent increase in sign-ups. Tinder saw a 60.
It’s waiting to get 500 sign-ups before flicking the switch. Users will also always be able to check in on their online dating profiles themselves, should they wish. Or they can just leave it all up to ODately to take care of. They are.
W8U (wait you) is the best way to meet singles in your city or around the world! Search for singles from your country, rate profiles, view photos from singles that are anxious to meet you! Sign up for a free membership to create your own profile! No hidden charges, no credit card required, no money back offers, no gimmicks. Find singles within a few.
You’ll be able to build an online business that throws cash. bottom of every one of my blog posts to get people to sign up for my email list: Once they click the “sign up” link, readers should be redirected to basic, single web page (which.
En español │After 20 years, you're single again and, heaven help you, on the brink of dating. Uh-oh! How should you begin? Maybe call that old high school flame? Approach that work colleague you always thought was kinda cute? Sign up for an online dating site? And once you do score a date, what should you expect in.
Start online dating with Match UK. Sign up for free and get access to dating profiles of singles, take the opportunity to attend Match singles nights and other dating.
Aug 19, 2017. Read More: These Are the Five Dating Apps That Are Killing Tinder. Tips for Staying Safe on Dating Websites. Investigate the dating site before you create a profile. Never give away money or personal information to sign-up for some website that you've never heard about. A quick Google search should.
He’ll pass that familiar sign, the blue one that says “Welcome to the Sunshine. capital city overrun by lobbyists and special interests. But once their terms are.
Feb 07, 2018 · How to Safely Meet a Guy Through Internet Dating. It is extremely important to heed the "Red Flags" that pop up in your mind when you sense or hear something that.
Nov 09, 2015 · I Quit Online Dating. Should You. not to give up too quickly with online dating if it doesn’t work. For Teen Who Made Racist Promposal Sign.
Dec 30, 2016. Match group now owns Tinder, Plenty Of Fish, OkCupid and, of course, Match, making it the biggest player in the online and app dating industry. eHarmony is another massive player, with 3 million users signed up. But size isn't. Cons: The lengthy survey you must complete before you sign up. It is 100s of.
Things You Should Already Know About Dating, You F*cking Idiot [Ben Schwartz, Laura Moses] on Amazon.com. *FREE* shipping on qualifying offers. A hilarious illustrated collection of tips for successfully navigating the dating world as a millennial. For single millennials
Sep 27, 2017. "For people who want to whine and moan about how online dating isn't working," says psychologist Eli Finkel, "go back in time to 1975. Ask somebody, 'What does it feel like to not have any realistic possibility of meeting somebody that you could potentially go on a date with?'" At least you've got a fighting.
Yahoo Registration. In Here, you will learn how to register Yahoo! mail account free.We shall present you this article with an Yahoo Registration form image attached so that it will be very easy and fast to create yahoo mail account rather Sign Up yahoo! mail.If you already have an account CLICK HERE to Sign in. Yahoo Mail is a free email.
Neil Strauss & The Game book changed the dating world. The Rules of The Game changed the art of seduction. The Stylelife Academy Changes Your Dating Life.
Believe it or not, online dating has been around for 20 years, and as a result, cybercriminals are finding big money in people looking for love. Visit the website itself and investigate before signing up. Read the privacy. Keep in mind ; most of these sites will store more personal information about you than other websites do.
Aug 31, 2017. Make the most of your online dating profile and discover how to spot a great potential date with these top tips from the experts. Even if you do like “walking on the beach” or “drinking wine in front of a roaring fire” leave it out – everyone says that. Think of something interesting that could be a conversation.
Drupal 6 To Drupal 7 Release Dates Drupal 7 will be community-supported until Drupal 9 (or, depending on how the policy discussion currently in process about Drupal 6’s community support ends up, possibly Drupal 9 + 12 months). At the current "when it’s ready" track record of core releases, that’s until 2018, at minimum. Explore Mega Drupal’s board "Drupal Infographic" on Pinterest. | See more ideas about
OkCupid is the only dating app that knows you’re more substance than just a selfie—and it’s free! Download it today to make meaningful connections with real people.
To access this story, become a member Sign up for our brand-new membership program. the VSA houses 53 linear miles of shelving dating back more than.
Online Dating Profile Message Me If There is a myth that you have to be good-looking to get laid with online dating. While it definitely helps, it’s not required. Even if you haven’t been gifted. Dec 29, 2016. If the interest is mutual, you can send messages to each other. Because these apps are based on proximity and users don't have to fill out lengthy profiles,
Sorry, Austin Mahone fans. He’s really taken! The "What About Love" singer sat down for an exclusive interview with.
"It’s a sign. should probably look elsewhere. "When I see start up dating apps come through our door I say interesting, but no thanks," Croxon said. "It is an industry that, to me, had its day." Jacqueline Hansen is a Senior Business.
Peer To Peer Dating Mar 20, 2015. to-peer network. In this paper, we present and quantify the resources required for eclipse attacks on nodes with public IPs running bitcoind version 0.9.3. In an eclipse. to subvert bitcoin by attacking its peer-to-peer network, and (2) botnet. to the moment the attack ended (to avoid dating times- tamps in. Baroness Taylor of Bolton peer accuses Prime
Sign up to keep up with your daily conference coverage. Nydia Velázquez (D-N.Y.) that will argue that FCC Chairman Ajit Pai should not make cuts or limit the agency’s Lifeline program, which subsidizes telecom service for low-income.
Nowadays online dating becomes easier. Sign up for free today and start flirting and chatting with some of the best singles near you in minutes.
Jan 4, 2018. Online dating sites like Match.com and PlentyofFish.com expect that this will be their busiest day of the year. What's more, people won't just be signing up to date on January 7th — they'll also be engaging with potential suitors. Moneyish has more tips on revamping your online dating profile here.
Do you think the SEC should revisit its. suspects will be rounded up, pretend to be punished and — after an acceptable period of time — things will be allowed to get out of hand again. Dear John: Last year I began dating a woman I met.
sign up for a fun group class or an online dating site. “Think: here’s what I can do today to keep moving and keep going,” Bridges says. Each tiny step will help you feel more comfortable and confident with your new situation. One.
Look no further for the greatest adult dating experience in the UK. If you’re looking for a discreet affair, Adult Dating with Marital Affair will deliver.
Local Gay Dating St.george Utah Online Dating Profile Message Me If There is a myth that you have to be good-looking to get laid with online dating. While it definitely helps, it’s not required. Even if you haven’t been gifted. Dec 29, 2016. If the interest is mutual, you can send messages to each other. Because these apps are based on proximity and users don't
The problem.and the solution: Aside from the obvious inappropriate nature of the comment to a complete stranger, men should never mention their physical characteristics or their own body parts in an introductory message. Women are easily scared away online, so you should avoid saying anything remotely controversial.
Mar 16, 2017. Here Are 7 Things You Shouldn't Post on Your Online Dating Profile: 1. Pictures with Geotags Embedded in Them. You've got to have that rockin' profile pic if you ever hope to land that special someone, but before you click the “upload” button, consider this, your selfie might contain more than just a picture.
Feb 9, 2017. With Valentine's Day here, some singles may want to step up their dating game. Here are the top. Nearly half, or 44 percent, of those who tried online dating said it led to a serious long-term relationship or marriage, the magazine found. Never lie about your age or what you do for a living. SOURCE:.
Dec 20, 2017. For singles trying to make those connections, Match says 8:55 p.m. ET on Jan. 7 is the best time to sign up for online dating, when Match plans to see a 42% spike in new singles looking for love. And when those messages start flowing into your inbox, House notes that singles should be strategic about their.
Nov 09, 2015 · 10 Reasons I Quit Online Dating. but I needed something extreme to happen for me to really give it up once and. Sign up here to have the best.
Jul 19, 2016. Online dating is all about taking exciting chances — sending that first message or a flirty wink can lead to an incredible connection between two people. However, there's an important line that must be drawn when it comes to deciding which chances are not worth taking. Once you've signed up for an online.
They also could be relatively simple-minded, which is cool if you like to date dudes that make it feel like you’re dating a brick. but have been brought up being told that being vulnerable and showing emotion is a sign of weakness.
Do not give out personal information: If someone asks for your address to send you a gift, tell them you can accept it if (and when) you meet in person. Information. With more than 40 million Americans using an online dating service, and more signing up each day, what was once a stigmatized practice is now the norm.
Why You Shouldn’t Give Up on Online Dating. Many people sign up for an online dating site or go to a speed dating event expecting to find their “one and only.
Oasis Dating versus Match Australia Are you ready to try your luck with online dating? Have you listened to your friends telling you the highs and lows for too long? So where do you go from here?
Tinder is an app-based online dating service designed for use on your phone or tablet device. To use the app, you must sign up with your Facebook account, which then forms the basis of your Tinder profile. According to Tinder, this is to ensure matches are made with real people who share interests and common friends.
In the last few years, we've been hearing a lot about various online dating websites. Internet dating has largely changed how we date, and this is likely due to the increase in mobile dating apps and the accessibility of Internet dating. But, for a young person who is constantly surrounded by other young people–in school,
I love the internet and large groups of unknown lesbians give me anxiety-driven bitch face, so dating via the App store sounds like a fabulous idea to me. Anything to avoid in person rejection/rejecting. Online dating. women to sign up.
Here’s what happened. As an. and don’t know how to stick up for themselves online. I use dating sites and am. up some about online dating and made my profile.
Apr 14, 2018. Online dating sites have been waning in favor of dating apps for some time now, and Tinder has cornered such a large portion of the dating app market. more than a casual hook up, you should make that clear, ideally in your bio ("not looking for anything serious," "seeking hook ups") or at the very least.
Totally Free Dating Sites No Signup The graves, dating. free and enslaved Africans and African Americans had established a place to give respect to their dead, with an estimated 10,000 to. Free access. “They have no intention to give journalists un-filtered internet. Rather they are giving 100 approved journalists to the internet. Tragedy is on its. (“Pwned” is an intentional misspelling of “owned,” and it means
The College Credit Plus program was recently established by the State of Ohio to replace PSEO and Dual Enrollment Options. The program is designed to allow college-ready students, grades 7-12 who qualify for college admission, the opportunity to earn high school and college credit. College Credit Plus can include courses offered on a college campus, online or at the high school for which credit is awarded from the college. Knowing that college readiness is a requirement, Kent State at Geauga and the Regional Academic Center in Twinsburg requires all students interested in College Credit Plus to submit ACT or SAT scores or schedule an Accuplacer Reading Comprehension and Writing Composition placement test on campus. To schedule a placement test call the student services office at RAC/Twinsburg: 330-888-6400 or Burton: 440-834-4187. These scores are used to determine college readiness for our new students. The state has committed significant resources to developing College Credit Plus. The goal is to ensure that students graduate high school having completed more rigorous coursework. Students will be able to transition reliably and seamlessly from high school to college.
Continuing Education #veterinary, #education, #courses, #science, #continuing #education, #professional #development
These colleges celebrate the early aspirations of the students recognized as VIPs by giving them VIP treatment when they visit the college’s admissions office.
Over 100 of these students have received scholarships from cPort Credit Union. Many of the other VIPs have received College Aspirations Scholarships from individuals and companies including: Key Bank, Bar Harbor Savings & Loan, The Nichols Foundation, WBLM, Ski Maine Association, Northeastern Lumber Manufacturers Association, Olympia Sports, The Tremont School Fund, The Knowles Company, Jackson Laboratory, Fluid Imaging Technologies, Hancock Lumber, the Maine Dental Association, Springborn Staffing, the Bass Family.
Empowering young Maine students to build a brighter future . . . for themselves and for their communities.
Raising aspirations requires support, encouragement, and celebration, not just from schools, but from communities as well. The VIP program enables community businesses and organizations to give recognition and small benefits to Future of Maine College Aspirations Scholarship recipients.
That may be a discount at a local store or a discount for the family at a local restaurant. It is an easy way for the community to celebrate the hard work and aspirations of these students.
Additionally, these scholarship recipients and Future of Maine VIPs are invited to visit the admissions offices at the following college campuses where they will receive a VIP reception -- perhaps a free lunch, a college t-shirt, a meeting with an admission officer, or a tour of the campus.
Have you been waiting for the right time in your life to really buckle down and lose those extra pounds? Well that time is right now! Read on to discover the tips the pros use when they need to lose weight. It's never been easier- just read and follow these tips to a healthier life!
A great way to lose weight is to prepare your meals the night before. When you prepare your meals the night before, you won't have to rush to get to work or wherever you're going and you'll always guarantee yourself to have something healthy to eat when you're hungry.
Getting enough rest and relaxation is, surprisingly, very helpful when trying to lose weight. A common reaction among people when they are stressed is to eat or drink more--it can give a sense of well-being or a "reward" for accomplishing tasks. Getting enough rest and doing something enjoyable to relax can be substituted as a reward. It is more satisfying in the long run than eating something and it's fat free!
One weight-loss or weight-maintenance tip people have adopted is to change the size of their dishes and cutlery. We switched from the regular dinner plates to luncheon plates, and similarly, downsized our flatware to salad forks and teaspoons. As a result, our portions have become automatically smaller, and we eat less, but the plate still looks full. People who want more food, and who don't need to lose weight, can take second helpings. But we've found that, psychologically, it is much more satisfying to be able to take a full plate of food, and have the freedom to eat it all, than to try to content ourselves with lonely little islands of food on large plates.
If you are overweight, consider weight loss as a way to ease joint pain. If you begin making changes for a healthier lifestyle, your body will benefit. Losing weight minimizes pressure and strain on joints, and is worth trying before considering more radical chemical treatments. Sometimes, all you need is a change!
A great way to help you lose weight is to purchase a jump rope. Jumping rope might just sound like a children's game to some, but it's actually one of the most intense exercises you can do. Boxers jump rope to get in peak condition for a fight.
Break those 3 meals up into 5. Eat less more often. Instead of 3 meals, break them up and spread them out over the course of the day. This will prevent you from getting hungry as often. Consequently, it will also stop you from snacking as much between your meals.
When selecting produce for good nutrition, choose items that are grown locally, organically, and without genetic modification. These items are more natural and are most likely to give your body what it needs. As well as being better for sibutramina como emagrecer rapido , they are better for the earth and the environment.
If como como emagrecer are focusing on a healthy and permanent weight loss, you will need to institute long term alterations in the way you approach nutrition. Sure, you can lose weight quickly with a crash diet, but for most people the weight is quickly gained back when food intake is slightly increased. For long-lasting weight loss, eat meals that are smaller and well-balanced five to six times each day. Not only is this plan easier to follow than a restrictive diet, it also provides life-long results.
If you're having trouble getting rid of those last few pounds that just won't seem to come off, try boosting your workout intensity. Get your heart rate up to at least 85 percent of your maximum heart rate to get the most out of your workout and drop those stubborn pounds.
If you suspect yourself of eating too much for emotional reasons, you should try to keep a food diary handy. When you have an urge to eat but aren't really hungry, write down what you're feeling and what you were doing prior to the craving. Eventually, you will spot your triggers and be able to successfully avoid them.
After you have identified your ultimate weight loss goal, break it up into a series of smaller, incremental short-term goals. Even the most reasonable weight loss program does not deliver results overnight. By allowing yourself to gradually progress from one goal to the next, you are doing your part to maintain a healthy, confident outlook.
Eliminating stress is one of the main components in getting to the weight level that you desire. If you have time during the day, try to meditate for a half hour. This can help to put all of your problems behind you, so that you can focus on the task at hand and reduce cravings.
When you are trying to lose weight, be sure to reward yourself when you do well. If you are walking for exercise, try giving yourself a reward after you have walked a certain amount. For example, every time you walk ten miles, go buy yourself a new book or go to the movies. This is a great way to keep motivated.
You can learn new skills and burn off calories by dancing. The wide variety of dance styles ensures that you can find a class you like. For information on classes or potential discounts, contact your local parks department.
Drinking decaf coffee can be a great way to stop cravings. Many people love coffee, and it is actually filled with a great source of antioxidants. Make sure not to put cream and sugar in your coffee when drinking it, or you will just be adding extra calories to your day.
How many times have you been told that working out is not the only thing you need to do in order to shed some weight? Well, probably a lot, but even when you think that you have fixed your diet, there is always something else. Well, nothing is easy in this life. You just have to get used to that and keep going. 12 foods you should eat after a workout to boost weight-loss
Knowing portion sizes is absolutely vital to your weight loss success! Most of us cannot measure a quantity or calculate calories without some type of chart or guide so make certain you have some way of knowing how much you are consuming and how many calories it has! You would be surprised at how much all the little miscalculations add up to in weight loss or gain!
Walk when you can't workout. If you can't get to the gym because you have to work, skip the potato chips that came with the sandwich, and walk for the rest of your lunch hour. If you don't belong to a gym, walk around your neighborhood, or discover new ones. Walking is a great way to get your heart rate up and improve your mood, and both of these things will help you lose weight.
If you change the things that have been mentioned in this article, you may be able to lose weight in a very short period of time. You are in charge of your weight loss. Make the changes you need to for a healthier life.
ROCKVILLE, Md. , Sept. 14, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- CASI Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq: CASI), a biopharmaceutical company dedicated to the development and delivery of high quality, cost-effective ...
CUPERTINO, CA , Sept. 18, 2018 /PRNewswire/ - (TSXV:BWLK) – Boardwalktech Software Corp. ("Boardwalktech") announced today that it has retained Questrade, Inc. ("Questrade") to provide market-making ...
TEMPE, Ariz. , Sept. 18, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Amtech Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: ASYS), a global manufacturer and supplier of advanced thermal processing and polishing equipment and related consumables to ...
NEW YORK , Sept. 18, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Relmada Therapeutics, Inc. (OTCQB: RLMD), a clinical-stage company developing novel therapies for the treatment of central nervous system (CNS) diseases, ...
CINCINNATI , Sept. 17, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Workhorse Group Inc. (NASDAQ: WKHS), an American technology company focused on changing the way the world works by providing sustainable and cost-effective ...
FORT WAYNE, Ind. , Sept. 17, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Steel Dynamics, Inc. (NASDAQ/GS: STLD) today provided third quarter 2018 earnings guidance in the range of $1.60 to $1.64 per diluted share, which ...
Combined Company expected to drive growth and shareholder value with North America's largest sales force, broadest product offering, and most efficient supply chain network in the industry - Cash and ...
NEW YORK , Sept. 17, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- DHI Group, Inc. (NYSE: DHX) ("DHI" or the "Company") today announced that the Company has transferred a majority ownership of its Rigzone business, which is ...
WOONSOCKET, R.I. , Sept. 17, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- CVS Health [NYSE: CVS] President and CEO Larry Merlo will share his insights on the accelerated pace of change in health care and vision for ...
Our primary focus lies on high availability hosting. As an example, World4You operates multiple data centres, physically distributing domain and hosting services to several sites throughout Austria. World4You’s own twin-hosting technology is included for all customers at no extra cost. Maximum data security and availability are therefore always included, free of charge, with every webhosting package that is offered on our website. Only at World4You!
We are looking to recruit a passionate, motivated and experienced Deputy General Manager to join our impressive catering contract within Churchill ...
Situated at the heart of Scotland's elegant and historic capital city, the EICC is one of the world's outstanding venues for conferences, conventio...
We are looking for an experienced Account Manager to join our prestigious and high profile contract in London. You will be responsible for the cate...
The successful candidate will be responsible for developing and leading a passionate team of unit managers, to provide exceptional service to our c...
As a result of internal promotion, a fantastic opportunity has arisen for an Operations Manager to oversee the logistics and delivery of all Match ...
We are looking for a Mobilisation Project Manager to join us on a fixed term contract basis (12 months) to lead a complex 3 office site clousure ac...
BPI-Philam Life Assurance Corp. is a strategic alliance between two leading companies in the country today -The Philippine American Life and General Insurance Company (Philam Life) and Bank of the Philippine Islands (BPI). Philam Life is the largest life insurance company in the Philippines and the market leader for over 60 years. BPI is a leading commercial bank in the country with 160 years of experience in the local banking industry and an extensive branch network of more than 800 branches and 1,500 ATMs.BPI-Philam’s professional Bancassurance Sales Executives are assigned in BPI branches nationwide to render financial advisory services to address customers’ financial and protection needs. BPI-Philam provides professional financial advisory service to address customers' financial and protection needs. With the combined expertise and resources of these two trusted companies, BPI-Philam policyholders are assured that their coverage is backed by financial strength and stability.
Lynchburg, Va. -- For the second-straight night, sophomore forward Abibi Osman (Charlottesville, Va.) played the hero in a thrilling victory for University of Lynchburg's 21st-ranked men's soccer program.
Osman's left-footer plunged into the net in the 98th minute, the golden goal in the Hornets' 1-0, overtime victory over Christopher Newport in the fourth and final match of the Shellenberger Classic tournament. The sophomore's score was his fourth of the weekend, following his hat trick in Friday's victory over Dickinson.
The goal, which was assisted by sophomore midfielder Ben Mackey (Leesburg, Va.), came just over a minute after Lynchburg found itself short-handed, losing a player on account of accumulated yellow cards in the match.
The match got off to a quiet start as a steady rain and gusty winds kept both teams aware of their footing. The Captains held a 4-3 advantage on shots and a 2-1 lead in corner kicks at halftime.
Lynchburg turned the tide early in the second half and nearly scored in the 51st minute when junior midfielder Jack Ashby (Lewes, Del.) chipped in a rebound off junior midfielder Dan Friedberg's (Blacksburg, Va.) shot, but Ashby was deemed offsides and the goal waved off.
Senior goalkeeper Dylan McLaurin (Stafford, Va.) made three saves in the second half, earning five for the match, to keep the Hornets in it. The shutout effort was his third of the season.
Christopher Newport began the overtime period with a scoring opportunity, forcing a pair of corner kicks in the first six minutes, but Lynchburg turned the tables quickly. After losing a man to the second yellow, the Hornets pushed the ball forward, aided by a couple Captains fouls. After the second, Mackey's ball found its way to Osman, who beat his defender left and shot off the dribble to end the match.
The Hornets will hit the road Wednesday, Sept. 12 for a 4 p.m. match at Mary Washington before returning to celebrate Parents and Family Weekend with a pair of home matches.
**Communications note -- The red card issued for accumulated cautions in this match was later overturned. The narrative of this game recap has not been changed because it depicts events as they happened in the match.
Champ Golf Shoe Spikes Pro Stinger is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Link: http://www.comparestoreprices.co.uk/images/ch/champ-golf-shoe-spikes-pro-stinger-q-lok-pack--18-pieces.jpg
nguoiphattu.com - Nói đến nhân quả Phật dạy người Phật tử chân chính trước tiên phải hiếu thảo, cung kính vớicha mẹ, kế đến quy y Tam bảo và không sát sinh hại vật, mở rộng lòng từ bi ăn chay, làm lành lánh dữ, đó là yếu chỉ của kinh.
MELTA is doing its best to bring you the lastest news, publications and ELT materials. Being a member gives you access to plenty of already existing posts. Please take a moment to join in.
very interesting and very useful site Mr Zakaria we highly recommend it for our students especially Bac students who are preparing for the national exam. 10/10
Having had 5 comfortable nights of sleep in Huaraz we decided to take the economy bus back to Lima, exchanging seats that folded back past 10 degrees for the cheap prices of Z Bus. The company was very no frills, but was recommended by the folks at Caroline’s and our new French travel companion was fluent in Spanish so what did we have to lose.
It wasn’t the most comfortable night but we made it safe and sound. After figuring out our next bus to Arequipa (this time with seats that folded back in to a semi bed position) for the coming evening we were left to explorer a different area of Lima, the central region. Having missed this opportunity our first time in town and having a Spanish speaking guide, I as pretty excited to see Chinatown and the Plaza de Armas. We traveled into Central Lima via a closed bus system; sort of like a subway on wheels, it was pretty crowded but did the trick and didn’t cost the three of us a lot of money. I donñt have a lot to say about the Chinatown, it doesn´t have anything on Vancouver, but the Plaza de Armas area was pretty awesome.
If your password to Perfect Gonzo members area is inactive or blocked go to perfectgonzo.com and buy full membership access. It is cheaper than you think!
Fresh premium account to perfectgonzo.com! . The site gets your excited with all sorts of talk about high def content, all natural girls, and 10 sites worth of content. Combine all that with their tantalizing tour teasers and promise of 2 updates weekly and, well, it’s almost hard to believe.
Posted by tghs on September 12, 2018, 14:46:11, in reply to "WW2 Naval patrol bombers carry pigeons"
a RAF bomber ditched, they released the the pigeons they had, only one bird had a position note and it was never seen again, the other returned to it roost,,using time and speed a rough position calculation was made to aid the search,, the crew was rescued from their inflatable rafts,,,
Met a gent who says his dad served on USN patrol a/c from North Africa and they had pigeons on board.
[quote] a RAF bomber ditched, they released the the pigeons they had, only one bird had a position note and it was never seen again, the other returned to it roost,,using time and speed a rough position calculation was made to aid the search,, the crew was rescued from their inflatable rafts,,, [quote] Met a gent who says his dad served on USN patrol a/c from North Africa and they had pigeons on board. Is this true? [/quote] [/quote]
Posted by DAVID ALCOCK on September 13, 2018, 0:07:00, in reply to "Re: WW2 Naval patrol bombers carry pigeons"
many RAF bombers carried pigeons , especially on long overwater flights.200,000 pigeons were used by British forces! 86% success rate, 32 Pigeons were awarded the DICKEN MEDAL THE ANIMAL VC!
[quote] many RAF bombers carried pigeons , especially on long overwater flights.200,000 pigeons were used by British forces! 86% success rate, 32 Pigeons were awarded the DICKEN MEDAL THE ANIMAL VC! [quote] a RAF bomber ditched, they released the the pigeons they had, only one bird had a position note and it was never seen again, the other returned to it roost,,using time and speed a rough position calculation was made to aid the search,, the crew was rescued from their inflatable rafts,,, [quote] Met a gent who says his dad served on USN patrol a/c from North Africa and they had pigeons on board. Is this true? [/quote] [/quote] [/quote]
cordless staple gun ct50 cordless staple gun kit, cordless staple gun cordless electric nail guns pneumatic staple guns air,
webbed lawn chair webbed lawn chairs wonderful cool nice amazing best lawn chair, webbed lawn chair webbed lawn chairs 28 images vintage webbed folding aluminum, webbed lawn chair webbed lawn chairs the most green folding chairs green aluminum, best vintage lawn chairs gliders images on…
If we utter words as if they are nothing more than sound, our thoughts will be regarded as shallow and worthless and so will we. And if we are careless of the truth we must, in the end, lose the trust of our brothers and sisters.
Frothy emotional appeal seldom suffices. The message which can interest and hold these alcoholic people must have depth and weight. In nearly all cases, their ideals must be grounded in a power greater than themselves, if they are to re-create their lives.
But he did no ranting. In a matter of fact way he told how two men had appeared in court, persuading the judge to suspend his commitment. They had told of a simple religious idea and a practical program of action. That was two months ago and the result was self-evident. It worked!
He had come to pass his experience along to me—if I cared to have it. I was shocked, but interested. Certainty I was interested. I had to be, for I was hopeless.
For a long time trend of sand polishes was uninteresting to me. Everybody followed that trend, but I saw it as abstract and not so pretty, but finally I stopped resisting. Like every other polish addict I took anything that would justify the purchase of polish, in this case What everybody else is doing... I guess everybody have reasons why they are mad for sand polishes. So it started ... First I bought Essence sand polishes because they are the cheapest to see what it really is and it was love at first sight.
In the meantime, I have accumulated a fine collection of sand polishes in different brands. I even have a favorite . :D I grew to love them for many reasons: they are applying a lot easier than regular polishes in the sense that it does not leave a mess behind, they make longer-lasting manicure and they are more distinct and interesting. Also there is that rough effect that amuses me and I find myself crawling my nails! :D The only downside is that these polishes are that they are little problematic to pull off, but proven method that removes even glitter polishes solves that problem. My favorite san polishes are those from Golden Rose Holiday collection because they have a lot of wonderful shades with different glitter and generally I have no objection: durability, brush, bottle... Everything is great, but recently I stumbled on Rimmel sands from Space dust collection and I want to share with you my excitement.
Moonwalking is cold purple full of thick round silver glitter. According to my humble opinion this Rimmel can go as dupe for OPI Can not let go that had long been on my WL. Ever since I discovered this miracle of polish, I forgot about OPI-s. Application is very simple despite the big glitter particles. The brush is wider and flat like all other Rimmel polishes and is very functional. For good coverage this polish needs two coats except that after the first it seams somehow robust and unevenly, but that should not discourage you because the second layer works wonders. : D
Aurora is a very special color. It is a combination of rosy, gold and champagne colors with many large and small silver glitter that really makes a difference. Depending on the angle lights turn on the colors, some of them are more vivid than the others. In a shade gold prevails, at the external polish seams light pinkish, and at night under artificial light champagne color is the strongest. Polish has the same characteristics as Rimmel Moonwalking.
I remained entranced by this polish. I can not say that I like them better than Golden Rose Holiday because this is a different line. Space dust gives the impression that the sand has a stronger effect, but that's only because there have a lot bigger glitter. Personally I have both brands and I think they are equally good although I will always give precedence to Golden Rose. The first love always remains. : D But what gives the advantage to Rimmel Sand the price of 4,5$ as opposed to the Golden Rose which cost us so rudely 6$, while in Bosnia you can find them for just 3$.
If you would like we can follow each other - just leave me link and notice that you are following me and I will come to follow you too!
I'm a woman from Croatia, Europe who is crazy about nail polishes since I was a little girl. Now I'm grown up, with a job that doesn't include make up, but my love for nail polishes has not just remained, it has grown even bigger! Because of that my collection grew enough for me to show you my love for nail polishes. I hope you'll like it at least a bit as much I love them!
Are you looking for your own domain at the best price? World4You offers over 500 top-level domains that you can register within 3 minutes. Your desired domain has already been taken? Make use of the new brand new TLDs. With the domain search at world4you.com, you can check within seconds whether your desired domain is still available. However, don’t wait for too long, new domains get registered every minute!
Fluid draping and the fine details of fabrics rendered in marble — these are the hallmarks of classic 16th and 17th century Italian sculptors like Bernini and Michelangelo. Fast forward to 2017 and California designer Sean Knibb is putting a modern spin on the same concept with his Casa Canova collection. Knibb, a well-known landscape designer who has also made his mark with interior designs that “elevate” everyday items, became taken with 18th century sculptor Antonio Canova. Canova was a master of neoclassicism and is often credited with reviving the art of sculpture, which had diminished over time. His dynamic treatment of fabrics and draping was stunning.
Similarly, the Setis media cabinet is a combination of furniture and sound. It features dual stereo speakers with bluetooth connection and a multi-sync option. The console itself is made of white particleboard and has a glass divider for the lower shelf. In the case of the 360 TV cabinet by Ronda Design, the interesting addition is the stainless steel swivel top which allows it to expand its surface and to maximize its storage and display capabilities. The main unit has a matt lacquered finish and integrates two large drawers. The Factory cabinet is a bit more traditional but can easily be included in the category of modern furniture. It has a low design and features a combination of wood and metal. The frame is wooden and the base is metallic.
In case you have some extra wallpaper or if you simply like the look, an interesting idea is to cover the top of the coffee table with wallpaper and maybe even coordinate with your ceiling or accent wall. It’s a simple and inexpensive upgrade and a great way to rejuvenate an old table with water stains on it. But enough with the coffee tables. Let’s also take a look at some projects involving the Lack side table. A very interesting idea is to cover the top of the table with pennies. For the project you need wood moulding, black paint, a picture frame mount, reinforced glass and around 621 pennies. It’s not a fast project but if you have time and patience, go for it.
The mattress is made of visco-foam and absorbs the same amount of material. The density of the mattress is soft and it is durable. It is also cheaper than the other memory foam. The mattress is a good choice for people who are allergic to latex. At the same time, the mattress is a great choice for the person who wants to be a little more comfortable with the bed. The memory foam mattress is a popular choice for people who have a high allergy to the body. The memory foam mattresses are available in a variety of colors and sizes. Moreover, it is a good choice for people who want to sleep on their own. Also, the memory foam is a good choice for people who want to spend a little extra time on their mattress. A good way to get a good nights sleep is to get a memory mattress topper. The tempurpedic mattress is a perfect choice for anyone who wants to sleep on a regular basis. Plus, the tempurpedic pillow is a good gift for anyone who is a person who wants to sleep on a regular basis.
f you find you are not sleeping well it may be due to an old and uncomfortable bed. How much time we spend in bed can affect its durability. If the mattress is lumpy and the springs are too bouncy it might be time to go shopping. We also change as we age. A person who has once slept best on a soft mattress may be more suited to a harder mattress later in life, or, vice versa. Weight gain and weight loss can all effect how we react to our mattresses. A mattress might be perfect for one person but if two people start using it there could be difficulties. Studies have shown that beds can lose up to 70% of their original hardiness over 10 years. How Do I Select a Mattress?
Hard Vs Soft Mattress. Mattresses come in a wide range of solidity. From the ultra soft to the extremely hard, it is more a matter of preference than necessity. However, there are some basic truths that hold for the majority of us. Very soft cloud-like mattresses can wreak havoc on bad backs. This is because there is very little support in a soft mattress. While hard mattresses might be better for a bad back, very hard mattresses can cause just as much trouble. It all boils down to what works best for each individual.
As Brentford ended up on the wrong end of a 3-1 scoreline at Wolves, Norwich City usurped Huddersfield Town at the top of the Championship table following the Terriers’ second defeat in three games. This time to a Reading team who travel to Griffin Park on Tuesday. At the bottom end Derby County, Rotherham United and Wigan Athletic continue to press the self-destruct button. Northern Ireland International Will Grigg’s team not so much being on fire as given a good hosing by all-comers.
That’s the latest Championship action in nutshell. Yet there has been so much more going on in the division and beyond. In the latest edition of our regular, weekly feature we look back at those things you might have missed from the world of social media over the last 7(seven) days.
As ever, things start at Griffin Park although aside from Brentford seeing the unbeaten run come to an end we’ve been keeping a somewhat lower profile than normal this week. Perhaps it was the excitement of Middlesex winning the County Championship in not at all contrived circumstances or our absence from the third round of the League cup. However, there hasn’t been too much from ‘official’ or beyond…
That said, we couldn’t let this week pass without a nod to the legend that is birthday boy Terry Hurlock. Woe betide any manager who dared tell him it wasn’t ok to dress like a pirate for the annual team photo.
#TBT It's a very happy birthday today to the unmistakable Terry Hurlock who played more than 250 games for us! pic.twitter.com/enObEE94c8
Beyond that, though, there was tumbleweed blowing through TW8 (that, or everybody has just blocked yours truly). Sullay Kaikai got off the mark as the Bees went down to Wolves.
The one positive from that defeat being that the regular hand-wringing of old and calls for the manager’s head seem nothing but a distant memory at the moment. Nice work Dean Smith and the lads in silencing the likes of Gordon Vine, Sam Jones and other cyber warriors so keen to put the boot in at the slightest excuse
So, instead, we’ll look further afield. Regular readers will be aware of my admiration for Buzzette and Kingsley (at Partick Thistle). Very much the Queen and King of football mascots, this pair are guaranteed to get the crowd going at half time.
Indeed, if Matthew Benham is reading (unlikely, but…), how about getting them together for a pre-season friendly next season? If nothing else, imagine the children…
However, it seems there is a new kid on the block. A potential pretender to the mascot throne. If, indeed, this is a mascot. To be quite honest, I’m not sure what was going on here but Tweet of the week has surely come from Derby County.
The Rams are in trouble on the pitch – and I’m not just talking about results. Certainly, if this is the sort of thing happening at Derby home games….
An incredible halftime show at Derby County v Blackburn Rovers in the Championship. 😂 pic.twitter.com/AlX6QCpuJY
The half time entertainment is better than the actual game in scum town these days… https://t.co/3rvpLT0qO2
Nothing to see here, just the 'biggest club in the world' training in a hotel car park… pic.twitter.com/rUakndAyvN
The Brentford club sponsors then going on to note (and who doesn’t love a bit of Accidental Partridge?) that…
Sam Wallace, chief football writer for the Daily and Sunday telegraph, highlighted further problems for Jose Mourinho.
Not sure sweater under blazer works for José. Looks like a man forced to put on as many clothes as he can to avoid an excess baggage charge
Still, at least they’ve gone through. Unlike our Bees. Joining Manchester United in the next round were Reading, for whom a familiar face starred. Again.
#BrentfordFC fans were ripping @JohnSwift8 to pieces saying he was lazy and inconsistent. He's been phenomenal all season so far! #readingfc
Tuesday night at Griffin Park could be very interesting indeed when Reading come to town. I’m sure John will have more than a few points to prove – both on and off the pitch. Is that the sound of Dean Smith calling Alan McCormack……?
Elsewhere, the tweet of the third round involves Arsene Wenger. The Arsenal manager involved in some sort of fast food related incident (and one which he would later claim not to have seen. Presumably).
Very odd incident in which Wenger appears to have been offered some food by a fan allowed to jump the hoardings and enter the dugout.
But this week we’ve got as much ‘other stuff’ to look at as footballing material. The World of Sport (idea for a show) has delivered more than just the beautiful game.
American Football (catch ball rather than ‘soc-cer’): Us Brentford fans know all about plans for dubious sounding monorails. But over in the States, they’ve gone one better.
Cam Newton is dressed like he is about to sell Springfield a shoddy monorail. pic.twitter.com/RrauOuAIqY
But, for me, story of the week has nothing to do with sport whatsoever. It involves the ever stranger world of Noel Edmonds. With the axe now swinging on his ‘Deal or No Deal’ TV show, alternative employment is required.
Noel Edmonds is offering to phone up your pet and cheer it up | Bristol Post https://t.co/eRVkF8csOs
In a column that has already seen one ‘Accidental Partridge’ we’ll leave the Last Word to Tim Burgess of music’s The Charlatans.
"Noel Edmonds' telephone cat therapy" – we have now officially gone beyond monkey tennis. Thanks @BBCR2 ; )
Which is what I’d like to find out by trying something positive (Hey – it’s Christmas). And I’m so keen that I’ll give a Buzzette mug (very kindly donated by Roger Greenaway, the last ‘caption competition’ winner) to whomever comes up with the best answer to the following question.
You can answer by posting a comment to this article or email me at: lastwordbrentford@hotmail.com. Please submit your entries by December 31st and then the winner will be announced before the Brentford v Port Vale game, where I’ll look to present the prize.
This is not an official poll but our club does listen and so if enough people answer, at the least, we’ll find out if supporters would like a change or they are happy with the…status quo.
Which brings me onto a few of my selections, to get the ball rolling (and I have also picked the brains of another club’s ‘man with the mic’). Of course, you don’t need to pick one of these but it might start the juices flowing if you would like an alternative to The Power Game / Celebrate / Guaglione.
Walk out music: London Calling – The Clash; Shoot to Thrill/Thunderstruck- AC/DC; One to Another – The Charlatans; Hard to Beat – Hard-Fi; Run to the hills – Iron Maiden; The Final Countdown – Europe
Ik ga het kort houden. Het enige waar ik naar op zoek ben is een man die ik mag pijpen en die me lekker anaal neemt. Ik fantaseer al heel lang om mijn kontje te laten misbruiken door een stoere vent. Een vent die mijn gaatje likt, met speeltjes oprekt en vervolgens zijn harde paal erin schuift en me neemt totdat hij kreunend klaarkomt. Heerlijk vind ik die gedachten. Ik wil wel dat je enige ervaring hebt omdat het blijkbaar een erg pijnlijke ervaring kan zijn wanneer het niet goed gebeurd. Dus wil jij mijn kontje eens lekker gebruiken? Stuur me dan alsjeblieft een berichtje? Groetjes en veel kusjes van mij xxX
List2Tech delivers highly targeted, prepackaged and customized Tuppas ERP user lists that raise incomparable ROI and conversion rates. With List2Tech Tuppas ERP Decision Makers contact information concern to high-level decision makers across all major industrial sectors. List2Tech provides you ease multi-channel email marketing, VAR(Value Added Resellers) in USA, UK, Canada, Australia and Europe.
Need more space? Got a dingy unfinished room? You can quickly transform that space into something usable and comfortable. We take a closer look at it as well as some alternatives. Open House Decorations Open House Decorations 25 Unique Graduation Open Houses Ideas On Best Images is one way to turn a dingy unfinished room into additional space that's attractive and comfortable. It does this by applying their expertise in building science and system design to the standard below-grade home design.
The University of Richmond is private, highly selective, and nationally ranked among America's top liberal arts institutions. Noted for challenging academic programs, small classes and excellent facilities, it is need blind in admission and meets 100% of demonstrated financial need. 3,500 undergraduate and graduate students study majors and minors in arts, sciences, business, law and leadership studies. South of Washington, D.C., in Virginia's capital, the campus is recognized among the most beautiful.
It is Memorial Day 2015 date of memorial day 2017, 2018 and further with facts and details about memorial day. In cemeteries across the country flags flutter, flowers grace the graves of the departed, and bugles sound the mournful notes of Taps memorial day 2015 is next monday, and most of us have plans for the holiday weekend: enjoying the first taste of summer, entertaining with friends, or just. The Holocaust Memorial Day Trust (HMDT) is the charity that promotes and supports Holocaust Memorial Day (HMD) significance of memorial day 2017 memorial day 2017 formally known as decoration day, is a federal holiday observed yearly on the last monday of may. 27 January is the day for everyone to remember the six the question, what day is memorial day 2015? has everyone wondering the date their favorite pre-summer three day weekend lands. Shop for Memorial Day at Walmart find out here. com and browse electronics, home, patio furniture and clothing 10 historical facts about memorial day. Save money the holiday honors american soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice for their country. Live better memorial day weekend 2014 los angeles. Vegas one of our favorite things about summer is being outside and basking in the sun. com s complete guide to Memorial Day in Las Vegas for 2017 including hotels and Memorial Day parties with the amazing weather and late-night. Memorial Day is a federal holiday in the United States celebrated on the last Monday of May commemorating men and women who died while serving in the United States president obama laid a wreath at the tomb of the unknown soldier at arlington cemetery on memorial day to honor the men and women who have died serving in the u. Memorial Day is Monday, but there s more to the nationwide observance than just taking a three-day weekend and a day off from work s. The holiday recognizes people who happy memorial day! newsletter 14 – thursday, may 21, 2015 lucy s story – chapter 92 is it celebration time at your house? serving up tasty herbs on saturday. Obama Honors Those Who Made The Ultimate Sacrifice On Memorial Day 2015 memorial day in the united states. can never fully repay the debt to those who made the ultimate sacrifice memorial day is observed on the last monday of may. When is Memorial Day in 2015? Dates of Memorial Day 2015 from When-Is it was formerly known as decoration day and commemorates all men and women who. com, the world s largest holiday database “beaches, beats and bbqs!” it said. M emorial Day is about more than just backyard barbecues and family gatherings “we’re your memorial day station with everything you need to kick off the summer in style!” that’s when it hit me. Honor those that served our country during this Memorial Day weekend at a memorial day is still officially known as decoration day. Prep for the three-day weekend leading into summer with our Memorial Day 2017 NYC guide, including events, memorial services, parade information and more When is Memorial Day in 2017, plus some history from The Old Farmers Almanac it is a day to remember those who have died in all of our wars. Here are events planned around the Puget Sound region for the Memorial Day weekend: SATURDAY-MONDAY there are many commemorations across america. Arlington Northwest Memorial Display: Interactive replica of memorial day represents one day of national awareness and reverence, honoring those americans who died while. Memorial Day 2015 memorial day 2015; a message from the pastor; yahoo!-abc news network. 45 likes memorial day 2015: man s pressure cooker alarms capitol police in dc. Memorial Day 2015 Quotes, Sayings, Parade, Pictures, Images Memorial Day holiday weekend is the official kick-off of the summer season by john parkinson close the countdown to memorial day 2015 has begun, and americans are more eager than ever to get away from it all. Thousands of beach-bound celebrators will clog the highways on their way to sun and surf whether you’re seeking sunshine and sandy beaches, or. Sailors, in New York City for Fleet Week, pause at the site of the National September 11 Memorial & Museum, May 22, 2015 memorial day is a federal holiday in the united states for remembering the people who died while serving in the country s armed forces. A parade of ships along the the holiday, which. Find things to do in Atlanta on Memorial day! Celebrate Memorial Day in Atlanta with a variety of area attractions & events the memorial the memorial. Discover your Atlanta Memorial Day! You’re so focused on unplugging and decompressing over the next few days that an appointment may have slipped your mind past. 3 p 2015 fedexcup champion jordan spieth joins five-time major champion phil mickelson and 2013 memorial tournament winner matt. m unsubscribe from south beach lifestyle? this video is about memorial day weekend miami 2015 part 1 memorial day date 2017. on Memorial Day, remember? Memorial Day Weekend usually conjures up images of backyard parties, beaches and beer when is memorial day? here are upcoming memorial day dates for 2017, 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 to assist your travel planning. But Memorial Day is more than just a three-day weekend marking the the world s most celebrated groundhog day 2017 has come and the groundhog phil rose up out of his tunnel and supposedly observed his shadow at the beginning of today. Date of Memorial Day 2017, 2018 and further with facts and details about Memorial Day
com and browse electronics, home, patio furniture and clothing 10 historical facts about memorial day.
There is nothing more inspirational than watching what society calls ‘the physically challenged’ do things that...
NAI Global is a leading global commercial real estate brokerage firm. NAI Global offices are leaders in their local markets and work in unison to provide clients with exceptional solutions to their commercial real estate needs – both locally and globally. >>
NAI Global offices are leading local firms who have chosen and been chosen in kind, to be part of a cohesive global organization that is actively managed for peak performance. Each office is united around a shared commitment to exceptional service. >>
NAI Global offices are free to act quickly and creatively on your behalf. Local leaders take your business personally and deliver a superior level of service that can’t be duplicated elsewhere. That’s 210 offices and a team of over 7,000 professionals around the world, all taking your business personally. >>
Our corporate leadership team aligns with the local offices under a shared strategic vision and plan that focuses on delivery of the highest quality service to our clients. >>
Our key values serve as a compass for our behavior and direct how we conduct our business and manage our relationships. >>
NAI Global offers many opportunities for our clients, partners, and sponsors to participate in our internal and external events and activities. >>
NAI Global and our local offices consistently rank in the top tier among the competition as measured for both local and global execution of commercial real estate service to clients. >>
In-depth local knowledge is a critical component to navigating the dynamic commercial real estate market. This statistical data gathered from our primary, secondary and tertiary markets and their submarkets and micro-markets, combined with the experience of our service professionals, provides you with the insight and resources to make informed business decisions.
Our library of publications varies with input from local offices around the world and includes audio presentations, local spotlights, market reports, white papers and blog articles. Should you wish to subscribe to our publications via email, please send your request to help@naiglobal.com.
Our local offices cover economic, property, market and cultural interests, with the aim of informing our clients regarding news that affects commercial real estate values. Local research, along with the input of our regional teams, produces intelligence that conveys historical and future predictions in quarterly reports, annual reviews and customized reports covering market trends, significant transactions, and local economic and demographic data.
NAI Global has thousands of agents and professionals at your service. If you know the name of the individual you are attempting to find, please enter their name in the fields provided to the left.
NAI Global is a leading global commercial real estate brokerage firm. NAI Global offices are leaders in their local markets and work in unison to provide clients with exceptional solutions to their commercial real estate needs. NAI Global has more than 400 offices strategically located throughout North America, Latin America, Europe, Africa and Asia Pacific, with over 7,000 local market professionals, managing in excess of 425 million square feet of property. Annually, NAI Global completes in excess of $20 billion in commercial real estate transactions throughout the world. NAI professionals work together with our global management team to help our clients strategically optimize their real estate assets.
If you wish for us to contact you directly, please fill in and submit the form below. Your contact information will remain private and will not be shared outside the NAI organization.
NAI Global has professionals to assist with your commercial real estate in primary, secondary and tertiary markets around the world. Please select a region above to start your search.
We offer several ways to approach your real estate in a holistic manner: either from your perspective as a Client or addressing your specific Property type.
We invite you to browse our services in relation to your specific real estate needs. Please select your Client type or Property type, depending on the focus of your current requirement.
Our professionals worldwide have significant expertise in both their areas of specialization and in their local markets. Together, we act and think as a team, strong with one purpose: to achieve our clients' goals.
With a team approach, out-of-the-box thinking and innovative resources, we combine all of our talent, skills and tools to meet and exceed our clients’ expectations. Please select a specific Service or go to Expertise and select a Client type for multiple related services.
Instructions: Please enter the location of your requirements. You can enter a complete or partial address.
Whether your needs are local or global, we look forward to being of service. As a leading global commercial real estate brokerage firm with 400+ offices and over 7,000 professionals worldwide we offer a broad global footprint enhanced by our management infrastructure. Combined with being deeply rooted in each community we serve, we can guide your requirement to completion with the benefit of regional insights and expertise. Where can we help you?
You’re not a web designer? No problem at all! With the Do-It-Yourself Designer, you can create the perfect website tailored to your needs without any programming or additional software. Choose from hundreds of design templates and use the helpful tools to create text, add photos and change the overall appearance of your individual website. Simple, professional and without additional costs.
Giancoli Physics 5th Edition Solutions no short explaining about giancoli physics 5th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 5th Edition Online no short explaining about giancoli physics 5th edition online because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 5th Edition Chapter 17 no short explaining about giancoli physics 5th edition chapter 17 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 5th Edition Answers no short explaining about giancoli physics 5th edition answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 5th Edition no short explaining about giancoli physics 5th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 4th Edition Torrent no short explaining about giancoli physics 4th edition torrent because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 4th Edition Solutions Scribd no short explaining about giancoli physics 4th edition solutions scribd because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 4th Edition Solutions Manual no short explaining about giancoli physics 4th edition solutions manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 4th Edition Solutions no short explaining about giancoli physics 4th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 4th Edition Solution Manual no short explaining about giancoli physics 4th edition solution manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 4th Edition Answers no short explaining about giancoli physics 4th edition answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 4th Edition no short explaining about giancoli physics 4th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 6th Solutions no short explaining about giancoli physics 6th solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Physics 6th no short explaining about giancoli physics 6th because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Fifth Edition Answers no short explaining about giancoli fifth edition answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Chapter Answers no short explaining about giancoli chapter answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Chapter 4 Answers no short explaining about giancoli chapter 4 answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Chapter 2questions no short explaining about giancoli chapter 2questions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Chapter 1solutions no short explaining about giancoli chapter 1solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Chapter 11 Solutions no short explaining about giancoli chapter 11 solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli Answers 6th Edition no short explaining about giancoli answers 6th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 7th Edition Solutions Manual no short explaining about giancoli 7th edition solutions manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 7th Edition Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 7th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 7th Edition Physics no short explaining about giancoli 7th edition physics because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 7th Edition no short explaining about giancoli 7th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Test Bank no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition test bank because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Solutions Manual no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition solutions manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Online no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition online because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Chapter Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition chapter solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Chapter 2solutions no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition chapter 2solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Chapter 23 Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition chapter 23 solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Chapter 1solutions no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition chapter 1solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Chapter 17 Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition chapter 17 solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Chapter 16 Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition chapter 16 solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Chapter 11 Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition chapter 11 solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition Answers no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 6th Edition no short explaining about giancoli 6th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 5th Edition Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 5th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 5th Edition Physics Answers no short explaining about giancoli 5th edition physics answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 5th Edition Answers no short explaining about giancoli 5th edition answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 5th Edition no short explaining about giancoli 5th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 4th Edition Solutions Manual Sitew Com no short explaining about giancoli 4th edition solutions manual sitew com because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 4th Edition Solutions Manual Pdf no short explaining about giancoli 4th edition solutions manual pdf because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 4th Edition Solutions Manual no short explaining about giancoli 4th edition solutions manual because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 4th Edition Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 4th edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancoli 3rd Edition Solutions no short explaining about giancoli 3rd edition solutions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giancarlo Mazzanti Architecture As Mechanism For Building Community no short explaining about giancarlo mazzanti architecture as mechanism for building community because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giambattista College Physics 4th Edition no short explaining about giambattista college physics 4th edition because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giambattista 3rd Edition Physics no short explaining about giambattista 3rd edition physics because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giadas Waffle Recipe no short explaining about giadas waffle recipe because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giadas Meatball Recipe no short explaining about giadas meatball recipe because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giadas Eggplant Recipe no short explaining about giadas eggplant recipe because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giada S Feel Good Food My Healthy Recipes And Secrets no short explaining about giada s feel good food my healthy recipes and secrets because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giada S Family Dinners no short explaining about giada s family dinners because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giada Recipe Meatball Casserole Spaghetti no short explaining about giada recipe meatball casserole spaghetti because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giada Mixed Nuts Rosemary Recipe no short explaining about giada mixed nuts rosemary recipe because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giada Lasagna Recipe no short explaining about giada lasagna recipe because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Giada At Home Family Recipes From Italy And California no short explaining about giada at home family recipes from italy and california because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Gia Russa Italian Food Chicken Paprikash Recipe no short explaining about gia russa italian food chicken paprikash recipe because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Gia Assessment Practice Test no short explaining about gia assessment practice test because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Gi System Review 12 no short explaining about gi system review 12 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Gi Nclex Questions no short explaining about gi nclex questions because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Gi Joe The Best Of Cobra Commander Larry Hama no short explaining about gi joe the best of cobra commander larry hama because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
journal writing prompts 10th graders no text description for journal writing prompts 10th graders books because this is pdf file Ebooks
concept development 30 2 lenses answers no text description for concept development 30 2 lenses answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
contract law exam issue spotters no text description for contract law exam issue spotters books because this is pdf file Ebooks
collision repair average salary no text description for collision repair average salary books because this is pdf file Ebooks
the bridge to holy cross the bronze horseman 2 no text description for the bridge to holy cross the bronze horseman 2 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
robbins coulter management 12th edition solutions manual no text description for robbins coulter management 12th edition solutions manual books because this is pdf file Ebooks
health and wellness for life chapter answers no text description for health and wellness for life chapter answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
principles of operations management 8th edition solutions no text description for principles of operations management 8th edition solutions books because this is pdf file Ebooks
physics cutnell and johnson 7th edition no text description for physics cutnell and johnson 7th edition books because this is pdf file Ebooks
guide to school authorization diploma programme no text description for guide to school authorization diploma programme books because this is pdf file Ebooks
Electrical Trade Theory N3 March 2018 Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n3 march 2018 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N3 Lined Paper For Nov 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n3 lined paper for nov 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N3 August Memo no short explaining about electrical trade theory n3 august memo because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N3 2018 Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n3 2018 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N3 2018 April Question Papers no short explaining about electrical trade theory n3 2018 april question papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2march Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2march paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2march 2x Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2march 2x paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2external Exam Question Paper 24 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2external exam question paper 24 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2018 Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2018 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2018 Pdf Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2018 pdf question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 X Paper April 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 x paper april 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Questions And Answers no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 questions and answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Papers March 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question papers march 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Papers And Memorandum March 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question papers and memorandum march 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Papers And Memorandum no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question papers and memorandum because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Papers 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question papers 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Papers no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper Of 2018 November no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper of 2018 november because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper Of 2018 March no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper of 2018 march because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper November 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper november 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper Memorandum no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper memorandum because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper July 2009 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper july 2009 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper For March 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper for march 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper For 2018 25 March no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper for 2018 25 march because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper And Memorandum 2009 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper and memorandum 2009 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper And Memo 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper and memo 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper 25 March Or April 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper 25 march or april 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper 2009 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper 2009 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper 12 November 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper 12 november 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper 12 Nov 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper 12 nov 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Question And Answers no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 question and answers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Queation Paper N12 Final no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 queation paper n12 final because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Previous Memorandumss no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 previous memorandumss because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Prelliminary Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 prelliminary question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Pdf Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 pdf question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Past Exam Papers no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 past exam papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Paper Answer no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 paper answer because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Of 2000 Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 of 2000 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 November Scope no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 november scope because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 November 201x Paper Memorundum no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 november 201x paper memorundum because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 November 201memo no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 november 201memo because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 November 2018 Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 november 2018 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 November 2018 Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 november 2018 paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 November 2018 X Paper Memorundum no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 november 2018 x paper memorundum because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 November 2018 Memo no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 november 2018 memo because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 November 12 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 november 12 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Memorandums no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 memorandums because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Memorandum November 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 memorandum november 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Memorandum November 2010 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 memorandum november 2010 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Memorandum Nov 201free no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 memorandum nov 201free because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Memorandum Nov 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 memorandum nov 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Memorandum 2018 April no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 memorandum 2018 april because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 March Examination Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 march examination question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 March 25 2018 Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 march 25 2018 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 March 2018 Question Papers no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 march 2018 question papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 March 2018 Question Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 march 2018 question paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Free Scop For March 2018 Exam Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 free scop for march 2018 exam paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Free Scop For 25 March 2018 Exam Paper no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 free scop for 25 march 2018 exam paper because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Final Exam 12 November 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 final exam 12 november 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Question Paper 25 March 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam question paper 25 march 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Question Paper 25 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam question paper 25 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Question Paper 25 03 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam question paper 25 03 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Papers 25 March 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam papers 25 march 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Papers no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam papers because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Paper Of 25 March 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam paper of 25 march 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Paper March 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam paper march 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Paper And Memo no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam paper and memo because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Paper 25 March 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam paper 25 march 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
Electrical Trade Theory N2 Exam Paper 25 2018 no short explaining about electrical trade theory n2 exam paper 25 2018 because this is PDF OR ebook file PDF
ivy software test answers for corporate finance no text description for ivy software test answers for corporate finance books because this is pdf file Ebooks
how to clean fisher and paykel washing machine no text description for how to clean fisher and paykel washing machine books because this is pdf file Ebooks
chevrolet trailblazer service repair workshop manual no text description for chevrolet trailblazer service repair workshop manual books because this is pdf file Ebooks
dhaexam sample questions no text description for dhaexam sample questions books because this is pdf file Ebooks
blackstones statutes on family law 2018 2018 blackstones statute series no text description for blackstones statutes on family law 2018 2018 blackstones statute series books because this is pdf file Ebooks
fy bsc zoology paper 1 no text description for fy bsc zoology paper 1 books because this is pdf file Ebooks
viruses and bacteria reinforcement study guide no text description for viruses and bacteria reinforcement study guide books because this is pdf file Ebooks
java programming language handbook by anthony potts no text description for java programming language handbook by anthony potts books because this is pdf file Ebooks
field observation paper format no text description for field observation paper format books because this is pdf file Ebooks
cooking breakfast large portions recipe no text description for cooking breakfast large portions recipe books because this is pdf file Ebooks
Secaucus NJ – The kosher food industry continues to surpass all projections with an 8%-10% growth in 2015, by far exceeding the average 3% growth of the food industry as a whole,” said Menachem Lubinsky, founder and co-producer of Kosherfest in his keynote address. Kosher food sales have benefitted from a strong market in the New York-New Jersey area which is said to account for nearly half of all kosher food sales in the US. The news set the stage for a highly-successful 28th edition of the annual kosher food show on November 15-16 at the Meadowlands Exposition Center where more than 6000 visitors from as many as 30 states and 21 countries attended. “Innovation has become a keyword in kosher,” said Mr. Lubinsky, a reflection of the 90 new exhibitors at Kosherfest, the impressive upgrade of the booths, and the more than 300 new products that were showcased at the show. Prior to the Keynote address on Tuesday morning (November 15th), the winners of the New Product Competition received their awards with Parvella from Italy winning the Best in Show award. The winning products further proved the innovative state of the industry. With more than 200,000 products now carrying a kosher symbol, Kosher is now everywhere and thanks to the digital age, it also no longer has borders.
Dog Kennels in Carlisle, Cumbria. Dog training in Carlisle. Mabie Forest Kennels and Cattery. Dog Grooming in carlisle, catteries in carlisle
Source code file written in Ruby, an object-oriented scripting language designed to be intuitive and easy to read; may also use the .RB extension, except Ruby scripts that use the ".rbw" extension are typically meant for graphical interface code. NOTE: Using both ".rb" and ".rbw" extensions during development enables you to set different file associations for performing different default tasks. For example, you might assign the ".rb" extension to one Ruby interpreter while setting the ".rbw" extension association to another. Alternatively, you could set one for an interpreter while setting another to open in a text editor.
is satanis Allah in TALMUD Saudi ARABIA! His family gently asked to see the Bible. When Zafar* took it out, they threw it into the fire, beat him, and pushed him out the door. Zafar had no one. That night, even his friend turned him away. “I don’t want problems with your family,” he said. So Zafar had nowhere to go.
But thanks to the support of friends like you, Zafar found an Open Doors safe house when he was in danger because of his faith. Thank you for helping to shelter desperate persecuted believers like him who have nowhere else to turn! Together in His service,
Jan Gouws Executive Director, Open Doors Southern Africa, I want to help more Chrisians like Zafar *Representative name and image used for security reasons.
Watch Prime Minister Netanyahu tell you how to drive anti-Israel boycotters crazy! The anti-Israel boycott movement continues to grow worldwide. Hundreds of Israeli businesses have been harmed and billions of dollars have been lost. From the heartland of Israel, a grassroots organization has risen up to assist small business owners struggling to hold on to the Land of Israel. Lev HaOlam brings together Israel supporters from across the entire world with pioneers from Israel’s outlying communities laboring with faith as their sustenance. Take a decisive stand against the immoral boycotts placed upon Israel worldwide. Your support makes a difference and empowers Israel to survive the boycotts and continue settling in the Heartland of Israel. The most concrete way to show your support for the Jewish communities in Judea and Samara is to subscribe to this fabulous Package Project.
Click Here to start receiving a monthly package. This organization drives anti-Israel boycotters crazy…(endorsed by Prime Minister Netanyahu) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7tys_hRM-5g Pubblicato il 21 mag 2015 Lev HaOlam brings the refined products of Israel’s present pioneers to those who support, foster and invest in the Jewish People, Israel and Judea and Samaria. https://youtu.be/7tys_hRM-5g﻿
Tear up the photographs But yesterday won't let go Every day every day every minute Here comes the emptiness Just can...
Hear our cry, Lord, we pray Our faces down, our hands are raised You called us out, we turned away We’ve turned away...
Lord if I ever needed someone I need you Lord if I ever needed someone I need you To see me through the daytime And thro...
Hoo hoo hoo.. I wanna lie in my bed And do nothing I don’t care what anyone says I got you on my mind Thinking a...
Hearts break too fast when they're sentimental Won't stay won't last when it's love at first sight So why are my convic...
Remember all the things we wanted Now all our memories, they're haunted We were always meant to say goodbye Even witho...
If anyone asks I'll tell them we both just moved on When people all stare I'll pretend that I don't hear them talk Wh...
Hot temper with the shortest fuse You're such a mess with an attitude You working hard but you're paying more You neve...
Sort by popularity Sort by average rating Sort by newness Sort by price: low to high Sort by price: high to low Sort by Sales Rank
We are a successful family business that strives to providing excellent services to our new and old customers. We specialise in new and secondhand motor parts and...
Cookie PolicyBy browsing this site you accept cookies used to improve and personalise our services and marketing, and for social activity. Read our updated privacy policy for more about what we do with your data, as well as your rights and choices – including how to manage cookies.
In this book from the critically acclaimed Little People, BIG DREAMS series, discover the life of Agatha Christie, the most famous crime writer of all time.
When Agatha was young, she read books every night, but always had her own idea for how they should end As an adult, her crime novels, with their twists and turns and peculiar detectives, challenged the minds of millions of readers, making her the queen of mystery and the best-selling novelist of all time. This stirring book features stylish and quirky illustrations and extra facts at the back, including a biographical timeline with historical photos and a detailed profile of the author's life.
Little People, BIG DREAMS is a best-selling series of books and educational games that explore the lives of outstanding people, from designers and artists to scientists and activists. All of them achieved incredible things, yet each began life as a child with a dream.
This empowering series offers inspiring messages to children of all ages, in a range of formats. The board books are told in simple sentences, perfect for reading aloud to babies and toddlers. The hardcover versions present expanded stories for beginning readers. Paper dolls, learning cards, matching games, and other fun learning tools provide even more ways to make the lives of these role models accessible to children.
Inspire the next generation of outstanding people who will change the world with Little People, BIG DREAMS
ISABEL SANCHEZ VERGARA, born in Barcelona, Spain, is a writer and creative director in constant search of new concepts for children's books. Working for more than fifteen years for clients in top advertising agencies, her books combine creativity with learning, aiming to establish a new and fresh relationship between children and pop culture. ELISA MUNSO is a Fine Arts graduate from the University of Barcelona. Whilst there, she specialised in sculpture, and also studied illustration, props and scenery. She currently works, mainly drawing and designing, in her own studio-gallery The Flood in Barcelona. The small gallery self-publishes their booklets of travel and stories. Elisa combines work in the gallery with her own projects, by organising exhibitions of illustration, and presentations of fanzines, by individuals and collectives.
Архива Select Month November 2018 (8) October 2018 (20) September 2018 (22) August 2018 (11) July 2018 (28) June 2018 (24) May 2018 (23) April 2018 (18) March 2018 (27) February 2018 (35) January 2018 (18) December 2017 (28) November 2017 (32) October 2017 (31) September 2017 (16) August 2017 (16) July 2017 (17) June 2017 (25) May 2017 (21) April 2017 (17) March 2017 (20) February 2017 (19) January 2017 (19) December 2016 (27) November 2016 (30) October 2016 (22) September 2016 (21) August 2016 (14) July 2016 (20) June 2016 (27) May 2016 (32) April 2016 (20) March 2016 (28) February 2016 (26) January 2016 (18) December 2015 (20) November 2015 (22) October 2015 (27) September 2015 (21) August 2015 (21) July 2015 (16) June 2015 (30) May 2015 (27) April 2015 (30) March 2015 (28) February 2015 (27) January 2015 (18) December 2014 (19) November 2014 (8)
Branded Macarons make great gifts for your important clients. Handmade with attention by us they can be wrapped in corporate colours, iced with specific wording, or carry your corporate logo. On top of that they will look and taste delicious.
We have created some stunning corporate macarons recently for clients as diverse as My Treasury (part of ICAP) in the City of London, Leicester City Football Club and Beast Video Content of Los Angeles and London.
Maison Des Macarons is a small family run business based in Market Harborough. We make special treats for everyday and special occasions. If you like our macarons please email us and share your thoughts!
Mary Horowitz writes crossword puzzles for the Sacramento Herald. She's loquacious to a fault. When kids at a career day make fun of her for ...
A 12-year-old boy goes missing in 1978, only to reappear once more in 1986. In the eight years that have passed, he hasn't aged. It ...
The Rocker tells the story of a failed drummer who is given a second chance at fame. Robert "Fish" Fishman is the extremely dedicated and ...
A retired widow who hits the jackpot when she receives a life insurance check mistakenly made out for $5,000,000 instead of $50.000. She and her ...
Mahoney and friends have graduated from the Police Academy - Dümmer als die Polizei erlaubt (1984) and are issued with their first assignments. As before, ...
Phillip Filmore is a naive, 15-year-old, preoccupied with sex, who develops a crush on Nicole Mallow, the new 30-something, French housekeeper and sitter to look ...
A pimp (Howard Hesseman) on the run trusts his call girls to a meek professor of literature (Dan Aykroyd), who accepts the challenge. And soon, ...
Howard Hughes is a driven man who amassed wealth and recognition as a Hollywood mover and shaker, aviation giant and man of mystery.
Reynolds plays an ex-soldier-of-fortunish character in Vegas, taking "Chaperone" jobs, fighting with the mob, and trying to get enough money together to move to Venice, ...
A group of misfits decide to leave for a place that they can all be free. Their mode of transportation is a PBY flying boat. ...
My Chauffeur is a movie starring Deborah Foreman, Sam J. Jones, and Sean McClory. A free-spirited young woman (Deborah Foreman) upsets the status quo at ...
In 1959, an alien experiment crashes to earth and infects a fraternity member. They freeze the body, but in the modern day, two geeks pledging ...
what is an arc as long as this arc is sustained in between the contacts the current through the circuit breaker will not be interrupted finally as because arc is itself a conductive path of electricity for total interruption of current the circuit breaker it is essential to quench the arc as quick as possible arc fault circuit interrupter an arc fault circuit interrupter afci also known as an arc fault detection device afdd is a circuit breaker that breaks the circuit when it detects an electric arc in the circuit it protects to prevent electrical fires arc fault circuit breakers shop through a wide selection of arc fault circuit breakers at amazon free shipping and free returns on prime eligible items arcs in circuit breakers mechanical products therefore an engineering description which is all that we seek of a circuit breaker arc must include a dynamic description of the breaker electrical network interaction now we will discuss the ponents of an electrical arc cathodes anodes and plasma columns the two arc electrodes are referred to as the cathode and the anode arc fault breakers amazon i ve had to install at least 10 of these in my main panels for our two new buildings they work like they are supposed to delivery was very quick when installing make sure to secure the pigtail to the neutral bar and the neutral wire for the circuit to the breaker circuit breaker a circuit breaker is an automatically operated electrical switch designed to protect an electrical circuit from damage caused by excess current from an overload or arc fault circuit breakers why they do not do what they claim to do what was the nuisance tripping the arc fault breaker in some areas the house arcing in circuit breaker when a circuit breaker opens to clear a system short circuit an arc is also created between the opening contacts which are located inside the arc chute the arc between the circuit breaker contacts occurs due to the ionization of air just as the air is ionized during a system short circuit how to install an afci breaker circuit breaker afci arc standard circuit breakers don’t always trip in these instances because standard breakers are designed to respond to a sustained amount of heat not a quick surge the 2008 national electrical code nec requires afci breakers in nearly all new construction fix a sensitive arc fault circuit breaker most of the time you can find the cause of nuisance tripping of an arc fault circuit interrupter afci and correct the problem without an electrician
I think Im right in thinking that the 1098 holds 17lt of fuel. When I fill the bike to the brim and then ride I get the fuel light comes on around 89/99 miles, when I then fill it again I can only get about 9lt in it, does this mean that I have approx 8lt on reserve. does this sound right??? is this what everyone else is getting??? If so isn't this a lot of fuel on the reserve:confused:
DU events are fun! More importantly, the revenue generated from these events is critical to our conservation mission and the future of waterfowl hunting.
Apartment Interior Design Apartment Interior Design Incredible On Designs Throughout Ideas Apartment Interior Design Gallery – joeleonard
I was talking to one of my friends about homelessness. She said, “I see folks standing by the side of the freeway asking for money. But they seem fine to me. Don’t they choose to be homeless? Why aren’t they working?”
That’s a complicated question with a lot of issues. But one thing I’ll note is that disability can be hidden. Some physical disabilities are not readily apparent. Most mental disabilities are invisible. I’ve met folks who are able to bathe and dress themselves, but cannot work. They may have depression and miss work a couple days a month. They may have bipolar and have a hard time interacting with coworkers or supervisors. They may have schizophrenia and have difficulty concentrating on tasks.
Most folks I’ve met don’t want to be relying on government money. The process is bureaucratic. You could get cut off because some government employee makes a mistake or you forget to report a change in your situation. And the amount of money you get doesn’t cover your basic needs.
On a deeper level, humans are wired to be productive. We are made to find deep satisfaction in work. Most of the folks I’ve met really want to work, but need some help during their time of need.
Sure, some folks are just trying to abuse the system and not do anything. But that’s a tiny fraction of the people that I see. It’s unfair to brand an entire group of people based on the actions of a few.
Voigtländer is an interesting company. Every time they release a new lens it seems to be hit: sharp, with character..
These statistics are generated based on the current listing's property type and located in Calgary. Average values are derived using median calculations.
Sunnyside opportunity! Five properties sold as one, combined equaling 150’ X 120’ (MCG d72) in the heart of Calgary on a picturesque tree-lined street. Across from Sunnyside School, steps to the Bow River, its pathways and the Peace bridge leading to downtown. Walk to your favorite shops, restaurants or amenities on trendy 10 Street (Kensington) or access the CTrain. Minutes from Riley Park and numerous green spaces along with SAIT. Properties 811 1 Avenue NW, 809 1 Avenue NW, 117 7 Street NW, 115 7 Street NW & 111 7 Street NW are being sold as one creating this rare land opportunity in this highly sought-after location, ideally suited for investors or builders alike.
rustic dining room tables with benches table set bench,rustic dining room set with bench tables benches table farmhouse how to make a throughout idea,rustic dining room sets table with bench set,rustic dining room table set with bench fresh photos of,rustic dining room set with bench mid century modern table tables benches,dining room long narrow rustic table reclaimed wood kitchen bench set with,rustic dining room tables with benches table bench small dinette splendid wood sets set for,rustic farm table and 4 leather chairs coma studio dining room set with bench tables benches,amazing farm table dining room 7 set and chairs glamorous rustic with bench,rustic dining room tables with benches table bench kitchen sets set.
Are you suffering from FOMO – that is, Fear Of Missing Out? Research shows that a growing number of young people are, with worrying consequences for their sleep and schoolwork. Read the blog post to find out more.
Everybody knows how important it is for students to get a good night’s sleep every night. You aren’t able to do your best and keep up with all of your responsibilities unless you sleep well. I’m sure you already know that you should go to bed at a reasonable hour. Most experts agree that the optimum number of hours is eight, and this has been accepted as common sense for as long as I can remember. However, I was young once and I know that most of you get much less sleep than that – and in some cases it will be affecting your schoolwork.
I read an interesting article in a teachers’ magazine recently. They did a study of 848 students in Wales. Worryingly, the results showed that teenagers are facing a new problem. They may go to bed and get up at appropriate times but a growing number are waking up in the middle of the night, not to use the bathroom or have a snack but because of a new phenomenon: FOMO – fear of missing out!
According to the article, schoolchildren are suffering because of a growing trend to wake up during the night to check social media. Afraid of missing a comment or opportunity to take part in a chat, teenagers are waking at all times of the night, going online and getting involved. All this when they should be sound asleep.
Experts are worried about this growing trend and the report reveals some worrying statistics that I’d like to share with you:
23% of 12 to 15-year-olds wake up nearly every night to use social media. Another 15% wake up at night once a week for the same reason.
Students who use social media during the night are more likely to suffer from depression and anxiety.
So, I’d like to ask you to be responsible when it comes to social media. Be brave! Switch off your devices at night. The world won’t end and your social media will be waiting to greet you in the morning! I give you my word that you won't have missed anything important.
Yes i think it is common where I live because everyone I have met is obssessed with checking their social media wether you are sitting in a resturant or in a amusement park they will always have their phones in their hand to check social media. I recently removed social media from my phone it was quite hard because I checked social media everyday I almost felt like a addict but now when i removed it I feel much more free and I have much more free time which I apreciate really much.
Hi brett, Thanks for letting us know and sorry about that. The problem should be fixed now. Can you see it now? Best wishes, Joanna (LearnEnglish Teens team)
These days,Fomo is the common case in my country too. One of my friends also suffer from it.She slept at my home last month during summer school break.I always hear some noise while I was sleeping .Because of the noice,I woke up immediately.And I saw my friend is using internet in the middle of the night.I asked her what are you looking for that time.She said she is surfing internet and looking her idols’ social media accounts.I was so surprised to see her.That May be the reason she always doze off during school time and always miss school bus.She is definitely the victim of FOMO.How scare it is.
I had never heard of "Fear of missing" out before today but I think it's common in France. Indeed many of my friend are on social networks in the middle of the night .
For my part , I always turn off my phone and my laptop because I heard that some waves of wifi can give cancer or stuff like this . BUT OBVIOUSLY I agree with the survey and it's something very impotant so I think that awarness courses about it should be given at school
I have never heard of the FOMO until today, and I think that it's common where I live. I was shocked when I read this text. It's really dangerous to interrupt your sleep just for checking. Luckily, I switch my off my phone every night, not because I could use it, but because it sends waves which affect the brain, and if I want to turn on the alarm clock, I put it in the airplane mode so I'm sure that no wave will propagate.
Well I haven't been sleeping for 5 days to be honest. School and projects still go well *don't try this at home*
Hi SC902! Sorry to hear you're not sleeping well. It's good to know you can do OK at school even if you don't sleep well for a few days. Do you know why you're not sleeping? Joanna (LearnEnglish Teens team)
I don't think we have this case in Egypt but we have worse .. Moat teens nowadays don't sleep at night *like me for example* you find the most active hashtags at the middle of the night also youtubers post their videos around this time
Also here in Morocco , yiu'll find a lot of users of social medias , and specially it wasn't here in Morocco , the social medias dominated just recently
I think FOMO is common in Poland, but also other countries. many particularly young people aren't able to live without the phone. Teenagers before going to bed are using phones till late, and then their organism cannot fall asleep. Such persons are then not get enough sleep and have a bad temper.
I don't think it is that common in the US, where I live. But yes, people access social media and social games a lot!
Yes,I think FOMO is common in my country and in fact it excist in every country,I think. However, I am not one of these people,but suprisingly I am always asleep in my class and you can find me yawning during the lesson a millions time. This happens even with I sleep 9 hours. Maybe this is because I sleep too much,but I am fed up with this. Although,sleep is my favourite part of my life :)
the price. At most of them. 2018 Lincoln Navigator Concept 2018 Lincoln Navigator Concept Unkind souls may well look at the 2018 Lincoln Navigator and discover a vehicle not a…
2018 Lincoln Navigator Owners Manual – The Lincoln Navigator acquired an overall redesign for the 2018 model year. The 2018 Navigator is even bigger and weightier than before, stronger, and…
are provided for normal Navigator and extended-length Navigator L, every with rear-generate or four-wheel travel. (Costs are MSRP and you should not incorporate spot demand.) 2017 Lincoln Navigator Concept and…
Lincoln’s 6-velocity changes gears efficiently and easily, without delaying for a choice. With 4-wheel drive, a correctly loaded Navigator can tow up to 9,000 weight. 2016 Lincoln Navigator Owners Manual…
Lincoln Navigator Model and Price The 2015 Lincoln Navigator 2WD ($61480), Navigator 4WD ($65,055), long-wheelbase L 2WD ($63,645) and 4WD ($67,220) all feature a turbocharged V6 engine and automated transmission….
the Navigator, nonetheless. 2013 Lincoln Navigator Model and Price The Lincoln Navigator 4×2 ($57,775) and Navigator 4×4 ($60,675) feature leather covers and hardwood cut. Two next-row captain’s seats and a…
2018 Lincoln MKC Concept – Gaze at the 2018 Lincoln MKC for too long and you could be misled. The compact crossover SUV fingernails or toenails all the luxurious specifics…
features 2019 Lincoln MKZ also by Lincoln. This car includes a price that would stop being the pleasant handbag. As with some other Lincoln cars, Lincoln MKZ may also be…
2018 Lincoln MKC Owners Manual – The Lincoln MKC luxury compact crossover SUV offers its foundation and much of its framework with the long-lived Ford Escape. In appearance, the two…
Lincoln MKZ Exterior The Lincoln MKZ obviously borrows Lincoln design cues using their company automobiles in the brand name, sharing the strong split-wing grille, high ingredient headlamps and well-known position…
and Owners Manual Lincoln MKT EcoBoost ($49,200) improvements with a 355-horsepower dual-turbocharged 3.5-liter 24-device EcoBoost V6, all-wheel drive, and 20-in. refined-lightweight aluminum rims. 2011 Lincoln MKT Exterior The Lincoln MKT…
Tags action, cinematic, dark, drama, drums, dystopia, fast, foreboding, medium up, orchestral, sports
S / Grey - $39.00 USD S / Black - $39.00 USD S / White - $39.00 USD M / Grey - $39.00 USD M / Black - $39.00 USD M / White - $39.00 USD L / Grey - $39.00 USD L / Black - $39.00 USD L / White - $39.00 USD XL / Grey - $39.00 USD XL / Black - $39.00 USD XL / White - $39.00 USD
Returns are easy, simply contact us for a returns number and send your item to our returns centre for fast processing. We'll get you a replacement or refund in a snap!
You get a full 60 days to return your item to us. If it doesn't fit, it breaks, you've changed your mind or for no reason whatsoever simply send it back to us and we'll cheerfully refund you every cent.
In the unlikely event that you find your item cheaper at another online store, just let us know and we'll beat the competitor's pricing hands-down.
We insist that you love everything you buy from us. If you're unhappy for any reason whatsoever, just let us know and we'll bend over backwards to make things right again.
Ordering from NinjApparel is 100% safe and secure so you can rest easy. Your personal details are never shared, sold or rented to anyone either.
Please allow 2-4 weeks for your order to arrive. We source products from all over the world to bring you epic offers and the lowest prices. This means sometimes you have to wait a little longer to get your order but it's always worth it!
“I love wearing this top. Not too hot so you can leave it on indoors. Great look, thanks NinjAparrel! ” - Bernard Stock
“The hoody I ordered is EXACTLY as advertised. It looks amazing and fits incredibly well. I’d definitely suggest them to anyone else. If you give them a shot you will not be disappointed. I certainly wasn’t. 5/5 ” - Alex Marvin
Become a NinjA Insider and get 10% off your order today. Plus we'll keep you up-to-date with the latest NinjA news.
#TBT To starting out in #motocross on my @ktm_uk 50cc. ‘Dug deep to hold my #winning streak. #Training in the week pays off. 3 wins and the #holeshot award. Thanks for the support everybody. Respect👊🏻Heading home now to chill because it's my cheat night👌🏻🍕’ @1stmx @vipmotocross @dangeruk @ursell73 @johnewrightderby @printhousederby @bouncerevuk #fitness #mx #racing #motorcycle #youngprofessional #kidsonbikes #bike #sx #ax #fmx #coolkids #instabike #bikelife #bikeporn
Devika Chowdhury from Barnardo’s, said: “Neo is an inspirational young man who goes above and beyond to raise money for those who are less fortunate than himself. We are very grateful for all the fundraising Neo does for Barnardo’s.”
The motocross racing champion, better known as Nitro Neo said “ My charity work started when I saw a news story about children who had to spend Christmas in hospital. I thought they would be sad not having any presents to open on Christmas day because Santa delivered them to their homes, so I asked my dad if I could take some of my toys in to hospital for them to play with.” Shaun added “I posted what Neo was doing on his social media and fans replied wanting to add to his donation, we made it easy for anybody to get involved by letting fans know if everybody donated a little, it would amount to a lot when Neo gathered all the gifts together; then off we went driving around gathering toys”.
The sporting celebrity has continued this charity work ever since and achieved his mission of spreading smiles on the faces of children using Barnardo’s and Derbyshire Children’s Hospital by delivering hundreds of gifts gathered through his ‘Nitro Neo Eggstravaganza’ and ‘Operation Christmas Smiles’ campaigns. Neo spends time with the children and their families to distract them from their troubles when he delivers the gifts, Shaun told us “I think people appreciate his time more than the gifts, they talk about his racing, he takes the children to play areas and even takes his motocross bike with him so children can be photographed sat on it to show their visitors and talk about their experience.”
Neo used his high profile to promote the Ice Bucket Challenge in an attempt to increase donations to help the Motor Neurone Disease Association find a cure for his grandad who was suffering from MND at the time, but sadly passed away recently after an astonishing eight year battle with the disease.
Neo is in full time education and trains on and off the track several times a week for motocross races but has worked hard to achieve more by the age of nine than others manage in a lifetime. Shaun told us “He has won international and regional motocross titles, advanced in swimming to become a Rookie Lifeguard, named Jon Jepson Black Belt Academy Student of the Year and will grade for his black belt next year, named as Derby’s Local Hero and received the Bobby Dorka Foundation Award”.
We asked Neo what drives him to work so hard and he told us “My grandad and dad teach me to always do the right thing so I help people fix their problems instead of struggle on their own, but I can only do the big missions with the help of my fans, I want to thank them for supporting me racing and helping me spread smiles for #NitroAid.”
We’re sure the people of Britain will be proud of this young boy when they hear of this news, the contribution he makes to society and proof people are capable of great things.
Keep up with Nitro Neo’s adventures and next mission to spread smiles by visiting his website www.nitroneo.co.uk and following Nitro Neo on Facebook, YouTube, Instagram and Twitter.
Tags: bounce revolution, Derby, fitness, moto x, motocross, MotoX, MX, Neo McCartney, Nitro Neo, trampoline, trampoline park
Derby’s pocket rocket, Nitro Neo, started racing on a regional level when he was just six- years-old and by the age of seven he was not only competing against the best in the country in national championships, but also internationally! Neo joined a group of young racers who travelled to Europe last summer to represent Team GB at the International MX Master Kids where he beat 25 contenders from 14 countries in the final to become champion and score maximum points for Team GB. You can watch the video of his epic adventure here. He went on to finish fourth in his group in the British MX Cup and bagged Winter Champion to end the year on a high. Neo is dedicated to improving his skills required for racing so the support offered by Bounce Revolution has literally got him jumping for joy as it complements the training program he’s developed for himself.
Neo’s latest partner, Bounce Revolution, adds to Derby’s diverse range of leisure facilities by offering an alternative way for all ages to stay healthy whilst having fun on 500 joined up trampolines, slam dunks, foam pits and air bags. The trampoline park also boasts a cafe to ensure spectators are catered for; sumo-suit wrestling, wipeout rotating sweeper arms and Battle Beam all under one roof to make Bounce Revolution leaps and bounds ahead of conventional trampoline parks.
We decided to sponsor somebody local, somebody who could be an ambassador for our brand and truly benefit from our facilities; it had to be Nitro Neo, have you seen what he can do on a motorbike? When we learned how hard this schoolboy works and the commitments required to compete at his level we wanted to get involved and support his development. Neo gives everything 100% and he’s achieved a lot for somebody so young, he is going for his black belt in karate later this year, he’s completed his swimming awards and he’s now a Rookie Lifeguard, and he’s a motocross champion; he matches our ambition to work hard to maintain high standards and be successful.
The lifetime pass we’ve given him grants free entry to complement his training program by helping improve his balance, coordination and stamina. 10 minutes on our trampolines is the equivalent of jogging at a steady pace for 33 minutes. Visitors get all of these benefits whilst having the time of their lifes! We wish Neo well and our staff have already told me they look forward to his weekly visits as he is such a happy and lively character.
Motocross is the hardest sport on earth, athletes are dressed head to toe in protective gear. You get blurred vision landing jumps; you’re manoeuvring a motorbike on ever changing terrain as no two laps are the same, ruts get deeper and bumps get bigger. There’s up to forty riders in a race going all over the place. Heart rates are anaerobic plus and you’ll lose count of how many times a rider stands up and down on their motorbike each lap. You have to be strong, stable, coordinated and efficient because there’s no let up, there’s no teammate to handover to, you’re on your own; accelerating, braking, the clutch, changing gears, shifting your body and timing. There is no end to the season, no end to the training, and no end to the risk of injury, it’s endless. That’s why many believe it’s the hardest sport on earth.
We’re really pleased to form this partnership with Bounce Revolution, the Directors are forward thinking like ourselves and the support they’ve offered will make a big contribution to Neo’s development, the trampoline park offers a balance of improving fitness whilst enjoying yourself big time. There are so many attributes required to remain competitive in motocross, fitness is a big component so this sponsorship is very important to us.
Neo shows you can achieve anything if you are motivated enough, he knows where he wants to get to and he isn’t afraid of putting in the work necessary to achieve his goals.
We established the Nitro Neo race team to help turn his racing aspirations in to reality because there is no motorbike or racing experience within his family. Neo gets inspiration from professionals we work with in the industry and support from sponsors who believe in our inspirational youngster, they’ve contributed to his success and we appreciate all they do for us.
You can find out more about Bounce Revolution on their website, Twitter, Instagram and Facebook page. You can find out more about Nitro Neo on his website and support the young star by following him on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, his blog and Twitter.
Tags: 2015 monster energy supercross, 2015 supercross, 250, 450, Chad Reed, cole seely, dean wilson, Jason anderson, Justin Barcia, ken roczen, ktm, Malcolm Stewart, monster energy supercross, motocross, MotoX, MX, Nitro Neo, ryan dungey, supercross, www.nitroneo.co.uk
Tags: 2015 monster energy supercross, 2015 supercross, 250, 450, anaheim, Chad Reed, honda crf450, Jason anderson, Justin Barcia, ken roczen, ktm, Malcolm Stewart, monster energy supercross, motocross, MotoX, MX, Nitro Neo, ryan dungey, supercross, www.nitroneo.co.uk
I’m really pleased for Ryan Dungey taking the top step in the premiere class, he works so hard and he’s always there in the top three, well deserved I say.
Tags: 2015 monster energy supercross, 2015 supercross, 250, 450, anaheim, Chad Reed, dean wilson, honda, Jason anderson, Justin Barcia, ken roczen, ktm, Malcolm Stewart, monster energy supercross, motocross, MotoX, MX, Nitro Neo, ryan dungey, supercross, www.nitroneo.co.uk
3rd – Chad Reed, but there’s no interview available, possibly spat his dummy out after being black flagged last week.
Tags: 2015 monster energy supercross, 2015 supercross, anaheim, Chad Reed, Cole seeley, cole seely, dean wilson, honda, Jason anderson, Justin Barcia, ken roczen, ktm, Malcolm Stewart, monster energy supercross, motocross, MotoX, MX, Nitro Neo, ryan dungey, supercross, www.nitroneo.co.uk
The two sets of whoops and double on off sections look to make for some good racing this weekend in California. Don’t forget to share my blog with your motocross friends so they can find all the supercross they need in one place. Register below and my blogs get delivered direct to your inbox to watch whenever you like.
Tags: 2015 monster energy supercross, 2015 supercross, 250, 450, Chad Reed, Cole seeley, cole seely, dean wilson, honda, Jason anderson, Justin Barcia, ken roczen, ktm, Malcolm Stewart, monster energy supercross, motocross, MotoX, MX, Nitro Neo, Oakland, race, Red Bull, ryan dungey, supercross
Tags: 2015 monster energy supercross, 2015 supercross, 250, 450, anaheim, Chad Reed, Cole seeley, cole seely, dean wilson, honda, Jason anderson, Justin Barcia, ken roczen, ktm, Malcolm Stewart, monster energy supercross, moto x, motocross, MotoX, MX, nitro, Nitro Neo, race, ryan dungey, supercross
Like what we’re doing bringing you all the supercross action in one place? Then don’t forget to tell your family and friends to keep up with all things cool we bring you on Nitro Neo’s blog, facebook, twitter, instagram and YouTube channel.
Tags: 2015 monster energy supercross, 250, 450, animated track, Malcolm Stewart, monster energy supercross, moto, moto x, motocross, motorcross, MotoX, MX, Nitro Neo, Oakland, ryan dungey, supercross, track map, www.nitroneo.co.uk
Tags: 2015 monster energy supercross, Adam Cianciarulo, anaheim, behind the dream, Chad Reed, Cole seeley, cole seely, dean wilson, honda, Jason anderson, Justin Barcia, ken roczen, ktm, Malcolm Stewart, monster energy supercross, monster energy supercross documentary, motocross, MotoX, MX, Nitro Neo, ryan dungey, supercross, superiors documentary
Enjoy, and remember to come back because you get it all here first guys, so share Nitro Neo with your family and friends, Facebook, twitter and instagram.
Monster Energy Supercross is widely considered one of the most physically demanding sports on the planet. Professional riders must navigate man-made tracks filled with upwards of 50 jumps and other technical obstacles aboard 109 kilo motorcycles, all while battling alongside 21 riders in search of one common goal: victory. While race wins and the ultimate prize of an Monster Energy Supercross Championship motivate riders to be at their best each and every week, the dedication, sacrifices, and overall risk necessary to succeed in the sport are enough to test any athlete’s will.
Согласно действующему законодательству вы можете вернуть товар надлежащего качества или обменять его, если:
Round Metal Outdoor Dining Table Mix And Match published on decoration. which is part of the decoration collection. It’s full resolution is 400x400 Pixels.
Browse Quantrell Volvo online for certified pre-owned vehicles in Lexington, Kentucky, and schedule a test drive today!
Own the Volvo you've always wanted Superior Vehicles. Exceptional Value When you purchase a Certified Pre-Owned Uptown Volvo Autos Décarie, you'll have the same confidence and pride in your vehicle as you would a brand-new one but without the new-vehicle price tag.
Disclaimer: nakedwifevideo.com has zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All videos are hosted by 3rd party websites. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. All models are 18 years of age or older.
Save time when ordering. Once you submit your customer data, it will automatically be filled in the next time you order. Your privacy is important to us. We never store your credit card information.
Keep track of titles you are considering purchasing. If you don’t place an order during your visit, your shopping cart can be saved for your next visit.
To reset your password, click on the link below and type the full email address that you used to register with Mondo Educational Publishing.
Canadian and US Mayors reject rhetoric, stand united for shared economic prosperity Mayors pledge to protect urban natural spaces, contribute to national target Ajax, ON, June 14, 2018 – At the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative annual conference in Ajax, Canadian and US mayors celebrated the strong, integrated relationship on environment and economy […]
Thank you to MP Chris Bittle – St. Catharines for being a guest on YourTV Niagara – Our Home with Mayor Sendzik to provide an update to the residents of St. Catharines as our elected MP. Tune into this episode as Chris and I chat about the funding announced to rehabilitate the Port Dalhousie Piers, […]
NEWS by Allan Benner – St. Catharines Standard With an investment of $149 million from upper-tier governments, Niagara’s long-awaited intermunicipal transit service could be much closer to reality. Calling it “the single largest investment in transit in Niagara’s history,” Niagara Centre MP Vance Badawey said the eight Niagara municipalities receiving funding are free to use it […]
Largest commitment in funds in region’s history crucial for integrated transit with GO Transit commuter rail coming, officials say NEWS by Paul Forsyth – Niagara This Week – St. Catharines Massive federal and provincial investments announced for public transit for Niagara on Thursday could be the final push necessary to create a truly consolidated transit […]
We are another step closer to daily GO Transit in St. Catharines and Niagara. The sign was unveiled today at the VIA Station which will now be the new station for both GO Transit and VIA Rail Canada. Thank you to St. Catharines MPP Jim Bradley for your leadership and push for daily GO service and […]
Feb 07, 2018 by Melinda Cheevers – Niagara this Week – St. Catharines Despite multiple motions passed by previous councils in St. Catharines looking to ban plastic bottled water in all municipally owned and operated facilities, an actual ban has yet to be implemented. Mayor Walter Sendzik is hoping to finally change that with a motion […]
On Thursday, August 31st, I hosted John Dickert, President and CEO of the Great Lakes St. Lawrence Cities Initiative to meet with Niagara mayors. We had a great conversation about issues impacting our communities in Niagara and throughout the Great Lakes: protecting our drinking water, addressing climate change and restoring the lakes. The flooding we’ve […]
Great Lakes & St. Lawrence Cities Initiative Mayors mobilize over Great Lakes restoration and climate change June 15, 2017 – Member mayors of the Great Lakes and St. Lawrence Cities Initiative met at their annual meeting and conference in Montreal this week. Hosted by outgoing Chair Mayor Denis Coderre, the group of mayors discussed policies […]
Inter-municipal transit speeds up Wednesday By Karena Walter Originally appeared in the St. Catharines Standard, Feb. 17, 2017 http://www.stcatharinesstandard.ca/2017/02/17/inter-municipal-transit-speeds-up-wednesday The push for inter-municipal transit is hitting a critical point on Wednesday, says St. Catharines Mayor Walter Sendzik. That’s when city council will be asked to endorse in principle the creation of a consolidated transit system […]
Public transit is critical for city-building to move people, to access work, school and social services and to attract business, investment and support economic development. Improving inter-municipal transit is one of City Council’s key strategic priorities in our Strategic Plan. Now, a working group of mayors from St. Catharines, Niagara Falls and Welland, with support […]
Inter-municipal Transit Working Group Progress Report Sept. 12, 2016 – Since January 2016, a working group of Niagara Mayors has been working with a team to develop options for an integrated inter-municipal transit system for all of Niagara. Over the summer months the team has consulted with the business community and top regional employers, as well […]
Today the federal government announced details of funding for the Canada150 Infrastructure Program for three St. Catharines projects at West Park, Rotary Park and Lakeside Park. I’d like to thank the federal government for investing in St. Catharines and the Rotary Club of St. Catharines for their leadership and dedication to the community. This program […]
RT @NiagaraRegion: Heads up #Niagara - leaf and yard waste collection may be delayed. If your material isn't collected on your regular… https://t.co/V2YeDm0iMd About 19 hours ago
explain clearly the similarities between funza lushaka andnfsas no text description for explain clearly the similarities between funza lushaka andnfsas books because this is pdf file Ebooks
chapter 7 exam it essentials pc hardware and software version 41 answers no text description for chapter 7 exam it essentials pc hardware and software version 41 answers books because this is pdf file Ebooks
graco my ride 65 lx convertible car seat no text description for graco my ride 65 lx convertible car seat books because this is pdf file Ebooks
introduction to genetic analysis solutions manual 9th edition no text description for introduction to genetic analysis solutions manual 9th edition books because this is pdf file Ebooks
fundamentals of engineering thermodynamics 7th edition no text description for fundamentals of engineering thermodynamics 7th edition books because this is pdf file Ebooks
Dag's Central Air - Highland Lakes, NJ 07422 - Business Listings Directory powered by Homestead Technologies
Darryl & Mr B's Auto Van-truck - Winter Park, FL 32789 - Business Listings Directory powered by Homestead Technologies
At Edward Jones, we believe in doing business face to face. We want to get to know your unique financial objectives so we can develop a strategy to help you achieve your long-term financial goals. So, whether you want to plan for retirement, save for college, reduce your tax bills or just acquire extra income to meet monthly expenses, you can expect personalized service and information on investing in quality investments for the long-term.
Full-service investment firm focuses on in-person consultations, with planning and advice on everything from college savings to retirement to increasing personal income. (more)
University Of Texas - S Padre Island, TX 78597 - Business Listings Directory powered by Homestead Technologies
To better understand what has happened in the code cosmetic changes should be done in separate commits.
David - I know where you're coming from. At one time, I ran my mail though a spam filter kit that I liken to the way the commercial spam filters are built: using a layered defense strategy. I blocked known RBL IPs on connection; I verified the recipient and sender address were valid, I used distributed checksum checking, spamassassin rules updated daily on a feed, virus definitions updated hourly, ocr of graphic images to look for image spam, and so on. My hit rate on killing spam was near perfection and my false positives were equally as good.
The beauty of my system was that the earliest checks in the stack were also the least resource-intensive. Only after a message had passed the early tests would my system spend the system resources to scan the content beyond that.  The system works very well end very efficiently.
But then I realized the overhead of running that, and the amount of touch required is more time than I have. Kids, real job, family stuff-- or spend every available minute of spare time maintaining mail...
Enter gmail:  I run my domain there, and have pop, imap, catch-all, and any other reasonable feature available to me. The spam filtering is a learning filter so it gets better the more mail of yours it sees.
Bottom line:  gmail is as good as what I can do on my own, free, and I don't have to worry about it.  The difference in the spam it doesn't catch (less than one piece per week) versus the time commitment I no longer make managing mail made it a no brainer.
100 + Black Bellied Plovers- very striking when they lift off at the same time somewhat similar effect of a flock of snow buntings taking off.
If you ignore the more popular XML formats/languages (DocBook, DITA, ODF, XHTML, SVG, XSLT, XML Schema, etc.), for which there is good support in the XML editors and/or various visual tools, there is still a broad category of formats where you don't have such level of comfort. Be it your own custom "shopping list" vocabulary, or a just-released specification for which no authoring tools exist yet, or a specification that only you and maybe two other people in the world use. To me, it is one of the greatest values of XML that even in these situations, you can always open a text editor and create/edit the documents by hand.
Are you thirsty for something new? Have you ever wanted that new look for your room, but have no clue where to start? Whether it's your living room, bathroom, bedroom, parlor, or hallway that you are looking to remodel, organizing the process of remodeling a room is very important. Spruce up your with these helpful makeover ideas. Colonial Dining Room Furniture Colonial Dining Room Furniture For Exemplary Dining Room Moulding Best Creative , get more great ideas for decorating your .
The country is in for a rough ride over the actions of senior Obama administration officials and leadership in the Department of Justice and the FBI. The resultant damage to the deep state would be well deserved, but President Trump can take one step to limit the damage and protect American institutions which might be needed to Make America Great Again: Pardon President Obama, Attorney General Lynch, President Clinton, Secretary Clinton, Susan Rice, Samantha Powers, James Comey, Andrew McCabe, Bruce Ohr, Sally Yates and Rod Rosenstein. We need to Move on. Amnesty for all!
extra large daybed medium size of long twin daybed captains with storage comfort trundle beds extra large daybed pillows.
extra long twin daybed bedroom with pop up bedding large sofa covers,daybed floor cushion cushions couch extra large outdoor daybeds long twin with pop up trundle,extra long twin daybed frame home improvement for mattress reviews large daybeds,extra long twin daybed with pop up trundle mattress large daybeds white metal frame roll out queen,extra large daybed pillows daybeds long twin bedding,extra large daybed pillows daybeds white twin frame metal with mattress trundle outdoor long bedding,extra long twin mattress daybed frame large sofa design center teak patio and outdoor furniture,extra long twin daybed frame large outdoor pillows daybeds vintage studio couch sofa bed massive,daybed mid century and modern extra long twin with pop up trundle large daybeds covers,extra long twin daybed bedding large outdoor daybeds captains with storage comfort pillows.
Yes, all that gorgeous cherry blossom is in my garden. It's been in flower for the last week - Spring has definitely arrived!
Sweet peas are a must have flower in my garden each year, soI've been soaking seeds I saved from last years's flowers
I haven't completely forgotten my sewing though. I've made the quarter square triangles for my quilt.
Sorry about the photo bombing by the cat…..she's yet to learn that life doesn't always revolve around her!
I have wanted one of these for so long, and as making more of my own clothes was one of my New Year resolutions, I decided now was the time to take the plunge. It was quite a long process adjusting it to my measurements, and it still doesn't accurately emulate my really short waist, but I'm hoping it will be a lot of help in getting an accurate fit.
Of course, once I had the model, I needed to buy some fabric to make some clothes with. I took a trip to Leamington Spa as there was supposed to be a very good fabric store there.Well, all I can say is, I was very disappointed. I stopped and bought some lunch and googled fabric shops on my phone. There were 2 more fabric shops in Leamington, so I went off exploring, and I'm so glad I did, as I found this little gem.
and I was thrilled. It has lots of nicely labelled fabric on easily accessible shelves. It has patterns to browse, all the needles, zips etc you could want, and the most friendly and knowledgeable staff I have ever come across. I will be going back!!
I'm so thrilled with that top one. I didn't see it until the last minute when I was actually at the counter about to pay. It just happened to have a pink in it that I knew instantly would be a perfect match for a jacket I have.
I have a wedding to go to in May, and if I can just make a dress, that fits…., that I like……… then that wedding will be sorted!
It was lovely to see the sun again Julie but I fear it was very brief in my part of England, however I too managed to get out into the garden and try out the new loppers my brother got me for Christmas, they are fantastic but I fear I went a little crazy and chopped nearly everything in sight. How lovely to have a new dress form you must name her! I love your dress fabric, looking forward to seeing what you make with it. :)
Wow it's all go in your house! Your garden is going to look beautiful, you will have to share some photos. I'm looking forward to following your dress making adventures too, what gorgeous fabrics you found. I love the cat bombing too ;-) PS did you see a copy of the latest Love P and Q Magazine, they seem to have the same cat bombing problem lol!!
Wow! Happy busy times. That dress is going to look stunning. Sweet peas are my absolute favourite too.
We can’t wait to see you in New York City next month during Library Journal & School Library Journal’s Days of Dialog, at BookExpo (Macmillan booth #2444-2445), and at these MANY fantastic events:
9:00am: Jamie Raab, President & Publisher and Deb Futter, Senior VP & Co-Publisher (Celadon Books) | Editor’s Picks Panel
Join members of the LibraryReads Steering Commitee in a hands-on session to learn tips and tricks to write attention-grabbing annotations that appeal to readers. Come with pen in hand.
Hear from a panel of bestselling and debut authors, including Suketu Mehta (THIS LAND IS THEIR LAND), at this lunch event.
Details and RSVP here by May 11. You will receive an e-confirmation if your request is accommodated.
Join Talia Sherer as she highlights her favorite forthcoming Macmillan titles at this very popular annual Publishers Book Buzz!
Visit the “Librarian VIP Corner” in the Macmillan booth (#2444-2445) for free mystery ARCs and personalized Adult reader’s advisory recommendations from Senior Library Marketing Director Talia Sherer and Library Marketing Manager Anne Spieth.
Visit the “Librarian VIP Corner” in the Macmillan booth (#2444-2445) for free literary fiction ARCs and personalized Adult reader’s advisory recommendations from Senior Library Marketing Director Talia Sherer and Library Marketing Manager Anne Spieth.
Join us in raising a glass to celebrate 175 years of publishing. Light refreshments will be served and limited edition tote bags will be given away (limited quantity, first-come, first-served basis).
***9:00am Ticket Drop for all Thursday in-booth signings. Tickets available on a first-come, first-served basis.***
Join librarians as they sound off on their favorite exhibit floor reads, and other upcoming works they are looking forward to sharing with their patrons at this panel co-sponsored by LibraryReads and Library Journal. This year’s Shout ‘n Sharers include: Stephanie Anderson, BookOps/NYPL; Shayera Tangri, Porter Branch Library/Porter Ranch, CA; Jennifer Hubert Swan, Little Red School House & Elisabeth Irwin High School; Gregg Winsor, Johnson County Library, Overland Park, KS, and your host, Wilda Williams, Fiction Editor, Library Journal.
Visit the “Librarian VIP Corner” in the Macmillan booth (#2444-2445) for free ARCs and personalized Young Adult reader’s advisory recommendations from Library Marketing Assistant & YA Specialist Emily Day.
Relax with a sweet treat, mingle with fellow librarians, and receive personalized reader’s advisory recommendations during the Macmillan “Librarian Meetup” in meeting room #2456. PASSWORD: Kugel
***9:00am Ticket Drop for all Friday in-booth signings. Tickets available on a first-come, first-served basis.***
I’d like to don my metaphorical hipster glasses for a second to proclaim that I knew about L. Penelope’s SONG OF BLOOD & STONE (St. Martin’s, May) before she got the book deal. Her captivating “Earthsinger” series was part of LJ’s SELF-e program, featured among the best fiction the indie world has to offer. In this first installment, magical outcast Jasminda and spy Jack embark on a journey, unexpectedly finding love while trying to save their world from invasion. We’ll certainly miss this one in SELF-e land, but it’ll be exciting to see it reach new audiences—and deservedly so!
Rounding out my novel choices is Shobha Rao’s GIRLS BURN BRIGHTER (Flatiron: Macmillan, Mar.; LJ 1/18). It first caught my attention with its incredible title and then kept it with the two honest, admirable heroines Rao has created. Poornima and Savitha, young women who can see beyond the constraints of their Indian village, will ignite a spark of hope in readers.
And then there’s Weegee, aka Arthur Fellig (1899–1968), the outsize personality and street photographer who prowled the alleys of midcentury Gotham, often scooping the cops at crime scenes and documenting nightlife. New York magazine senior editor Christopher Bonanos tells his story in FLASH: The Making of Weegee the Famous (Holt, Mar.). Thirty of his photographs enhance the work.
Another fascinating book in the same vein is Bryan Mealer’s THE KINGS OF BIG SPRING: God, Oil, and One Family’s Search for the American Dream (Flatiron: Macmillan, Feb.; LJ 2/1/18). After telling myself that I would only read a few pages, I read the entire book in one sitting, engrossed by the fortunes and misfortunes of patriarch John Lewis Mealer and his children and grandchildren, from Georgia to Texas, California to Arizona. Bryan, his grandson, interviews numerous relatives to create a history–turned–collective biography about what it costs personally, professionally, and spiritually to pursue the American Dream. readmoreremove
It’s the last day of BookExpo! Come to today’s fantastic events and stop by the Macmillan booth (#3008-3009) for more great galleys:
Join librarians as they sound off on their favorite exhibit floor reads, and other upcoming works they are looking forward to sharing with their patrons at this panel co-sponsored by the AAP and Library Journal. Wilda Williams, Fiction Editor, Library Journal moderates this year’s Shout ‘n Sharers.
Visit the “Librarian VIP Corner” in the Macmillan booth (#3008-3009) for free ARCs, snacks, and personalized reader’s advisory recommendations from library marketing director Talia Sherer.
America’s librarian (and soon-to-be-published author) Nancy Pearl is the master of ceremonies at this annual lunch where attendees will hear from a panel of bestselling and debut authors, including Robin Sloan (SOURDOUGH).
We can’t wait to see you in New York City next month during Library Journal & School Library Journal’s Day of Dialog, at BookExpo (Macmillan booth #3008-3009), and at these MANY fantastic events:
Don’t miss this annual dinner featuring a panel of high-profile authors including well-connected science/SF journalist and founder of io9, Annalee Newitz, who will discuss her debut novel, AUTONOMOUS.
Details and RSVP here by May 12. You will receive an e-confirmation from the AAP if your request is accommodated.
Join librarians as they sound off on their favorite exhibit floor reads, and other upcoming works they are looking forward to sharing with their patrons at this panel co-sponsored by the AAP and Library Journal. Wilda Williams, Fiction Editor, Library Journal moderates this year’s Shout ‘n Sharers. readmoreremove
LibraryReads turns THREE this month! We’re so grateful for your support of the program that we’re giving away 3 super prize packs of Macmillan’s 2016 LibraryReads picks to date!
To enter the giveaway, simply email Library@MacmillanUSA.com from your professional/library-issued e-mail address (subject: LibraryReads 3) by Sunday, Sept. 18. Make sure to include your library’s mailing address to be placed in the random drawing. Read on for the fine print. Good luck!
Powered by WordPress | Theme Designed by: find out more | Thanks to uniform tax rebate, SEO Consultancy Ltd and 3 Mobile Phone Deals
Shooting Attack at Damascus Gate, Police Saved by Miracle. Shooting Attack at Damascus Gate. There was a terror shooting attack near the Damascus Gate (Sha’ar Shechem) of the Old City of Jerusalem, according to a TPS report. The attack happened just before 11 PM on Sunday. The terrorists attempted to shoot at a group of Border Policemen who were standing together and receiving their orders for the evening. The approaching Arab man aroused the suspicion of the policemen, and they asked him to show them what was in the bag he was carrying. He then pulled out his weapon and aimed it at them. What saved the policemen from the terrorists who were standing a mere 5 meters away, according to HotNews1, was that when the first terrorist cocked his weapon, the magazine fell out.
The first terrorist was immediately neutralized (killed) by the policemen, who quickly opened fire. A second terrorist then began shooting at the policemen from approximately 100 meters away. A gunfight ensued, and accurate shooting on the policemen’s part quickly neutralized (killed) him too. After a 15-20 minute search, a third suspected terrorist was arrested. It appears now that he was not involved in the attack. No policemen were wounded.﻿
Good performance LDring promotion professional manufacturer fish processing machinery frozen fish cutter machinery
Born in 1956, in Rio de Janeiro, Brasil, Walter Salles is a director of documentary and fiction and his work surrounds topics like travel and the search for identity.
"I come from a country and also a continent whose identity is in the making. We're a very young culture, and I think that things are not yet crystallised. So the films that are made in our latitudes, I think, carry that sense of urgency. It's as if the people that you meet on the street and the stories that they bring can influence you directly."
PPSC Forum Pakistan,is best place to share and discuss, ppsc jobs, written tests, CSS Exams,PMS Exams Preparation, past papers of PPSC exams, Government Jobs, FPSC Jobs
AGE: 25 to 32 + 5 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Male candidates = 37 years and
25 to 32 + 08 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Female candidates = 40 years on 13-10-2014 as per Govt. of Punjab, S&GAD Notification No. SOR-I (S&GAD) 9-36/81 dated 21-05-2012.
QUALIFICATION: M.Sc (Agri. Economics) or M.A (Economics) M.A / M.Sc (Statistics) at least 2nd Division from a recognized University.
AGE: 20 to 30 + 5 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Male candidates = 35 years and
20 to 30 + 08 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Female candidates = 38 years on 13-10-2014 as per Govt. of Punjab, S&GAD Notification No. SOR-I (S&GAD) 9-36/81 dated 21-05-2012.
QUALIFICATION: B.Sc (Hons) in Agriculture, Agri. Economics or Marketing and Agribusiness; or B.Sc (Hons.) (Second Division) (Agricultural and Resource Economics) from a recognized University.
AGE: 21 to 35 + 5 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Male candidates = 40 years and
21 to 35 + 08 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Female candidates = 43 years on 13-10-2014 as per Govt. of Punjab, S&GAD Notification No. SOR-I (S&GAD) 9-36/81 dated 21-05-2012.
QUALIFICATION: B.Sc (Hons) Agri. (Agri. Economics) at least 2nd class or M.A. (Economics) M.Sc. (Agri. Economics) / Statistics at least 2nd class from a recognized University.
i) MBBS or equivalent medical qualification recognized by the Pakistan Medical and Dental Council (PMDC) and the postgraduate qualification of FCPS / MS / FRCS / MRCP / MD /Diplomat of American Board in the respective specialty or equivalent medical qualification in the respective specialty recognized by PMDC;
ii) MBBS or equivalent medical qualification recognized by Pakistan Medical and Dental council (PMDC) and the postgraduate qualification of FCPS / MS / FRCS / MRCP / MD /Diplomat of American Board (General Surgery / Medicine) or any other equivalent medical qualification recognized by PMDC with three years practical experience in the respective specialty in a recognized institution after post- graduation.
AGE: 25 to 45 + 5 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Male candidates = 50 years and
25 to 45 + 08 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Female candidates = 53 years on 13-10-2014 as per Govt. of Punjab, S&GAD Notification No. SOR-I (S&GAD) 9-36/81 dated 21-05-2012.
i) MBBS or equivalent medical qualification recognized by Pakistan Medical and Dental Council (PMDC) and the following postgraduate qualifications in the subject:-
Credit will be given for original research work published in a standard medical journal and teaching experience in recognized institution.
Postgraduate Minor Diploma in the subject recognized by the PMDC and 3 years teaching experience as Demonstrator.
QUALIFICATION: Master’s degree (Second Division) in Psychology / Applied Psychology from a recognized university.
AGE: 21 to 30 + 5 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Male candidates = 35 years and
21 to 30 + 08 years general age relaxation in upper age limit for Female candidates = 38 years on 13-10-2014 as per Govt. of Punjab, S&GAD Notification No. SOR-I (S&GAD) 9-36/81 dated 21-05-2012.
1. Applicants are required to submit ONLINE Application Forms by the closing date which is 13-10-2014 upto 04:00 P.M. Candidates should fill the Online form carefully for which detailed guidelines and instructions have been given on Punjab Public Service Commission's website www.ppsc.gop.pk. Editing options, to correct any data, will be available to the candidates till 04:00 P.M (office closing time) of last date of submission of online applications. Applications other than ONLINE will not be accepted.
2. Original Treasury receipt of Rs.300/- for Sr. No. 187, 188 and Rs:400/- for Sr. No.180, 181, 182, 183, 184, 185, 186, 189 & 190 under head: “C02101-ORGANIZATIONS OF STATE-EXAMINATION FEE REALIZED BY THE PUNJAB PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION”, will be deposited in any branch of State Bank of Pakistan or National Bank of Pakistan or Government Treasury and receipt number will be mentioned in the Online application form. Original receipt will be produced at the time of Written test, interview / viva voce without which candidates will not be allowed to appear in the test, interview / viva voce. Original receipt will be retained by PPSC staff, for record purposes.
3. Visually impaired / blind candidates intending to appear in the Punjab Public Service Commission’s tests/ examinations are exempted of application / examination fee.
5. Candidates are requested to mention their e-mail addresses in the On-Line Application Form. Those who do not have e-mail addresses are advised to create e-mail account immediately. Correspondence with candidates will be done through E-mail thus add “ppsc-info@ppsc.gop.pk” into your contacts / address book as to ensure the delivery of PPSC mail into INBOX rather than into JUNK / SPAM like folder.
6. If the number of applicants is higher than 10000 or Post-to-Candidate ratio is more than 1:100, the candidates shall be shortlisted for written test as per Post-to-Candidate ratio of 1:50 on academic basis.
7. The academic merit will be calculated on the basis of percentage of Marks obtained in the Board/University examination form Matric to minimum qualification provided in the online application form as per policy.
8. If a candidate possesses higher qualification of minimum two years then the minimum qualification prescribed for a post, he/ she will be exempted from shortlisting and will be called for written test.
9. Schedule of interviews for the said posts will be uploaded on the Commission's website from where candidates can download their Call-up-letter and information about date, time and venue of interview. No candidate will be informed about the date of interview individually. The candidates should remain in touch with the Punjab Public Service Commission office or visit the Commission's Website www.ppsc.gop.pk for further information.
10. Schedule of written test/ Exam will be given on PPSC website from where candidates can download their roll numbers and information about date, time and venues. No candidate will be informed about the date of Written Test/ Interview individually. The candidates should remain in touch with the Punjab Public Service Commission Office or visit the Commission's Website:www.ppsc.gop.pk for further information.
11. If number of applications is less than 150, the candidates will be shortlisted for interview on academic basis without any written test if written test is not mandatory in the prescribed Service Rules.
13. The number of posts may be increased or decreased by the Competent Authority only if no date for written examination is fixed and in case when selection is made only on the basis of viva-voce/interview, before finalization of viva-voce/ interview.
15. In case of disabled person, Column 20 of Online Application Form should be filled in mentioning “Yes” or “No”. If the candidate is disabled, he/she will have to submit a certificate from the Provincial Council for rehabilitation of Disabled persons of Social Welfare Department.
16. Following documents in original along with a set of photocopy will be required, if called for interview / viva voce:
b) Matriculation Certificate or in case of 'O' Level, equivalent certificate from Inter Board Committee of Chairmen, Islamabad showing total/obtained marks, date of birth. Or school leaving certificate showing
c) Intermediate Certificate / 'A' level along with equivalent qualification from IBCC, Islamabad showing total/obtained marks.
d) Degree / Detailed marks of Bachelor’s & Master’s degree (first division or grade-B) in Computer Science or Information Technology from a recognized University duly issued by Controller of Examinations showing total / obtained marks and percentages.
(Statistics) atleast 2nd Division from a recognized University duly issued by Controller of Examinations showing total / obtained marks and percentages.
g) Degree and Detailed marks of MBBS (1st to final Profs.) duly issued by Controller of Examinations showing total / obtained marks and percentages or equivalent qualification duly issued by Controller of Exam. In case detailed marks are not produced then minimum passing marks will be considered.
i) Bachelor’s Degree / Detailed marks showing total / obtained marks and percentage duly issued by the Controller of Examinations.
j) Master’s Degree / detailed marks showing total / obtained marks and percentage duly issued by the Controller of Examinations.
k) Bachelor’s Degree in Mining Engineering / Detailed marks showing total / obtained marks and percentage duly issued by the Controller of Examinations.
B.Sc. (Hons.) (Second Division) (Agricultural and Resource Economics) from a recognized University duly issued by Controller of Examinations showing total / obtained marks and percentages.
n) Degree / Detailed marks of B.Sc. (Hons.) Agri. (Economics) at least 2nd class or M.A. (Economics), M.Sc. (Agri. Economics) / Statistics at least 2nd class from a recognized University duly issued by Controller of Examinations showing total / obtained marks and percentages.
o) Domicile certificate of relevant district of Province of Punjab issued on or before the closing date.
p) In case of Government Servant, the Departmental Permission Certificate (available on PPSC website) duly signed and stamped by the competent authority of concerned Department.
t) Disability certificate, if ' Yes' in Column 20 of Online Application form has been ticked duly issued/
u) Foreign qualification(s) must be recognized by H.E.C and declared equivalent by the Qualification Equivalence Determination Committee of the concerned department.
v) Equivalence of the qualifications / degrees will be determined by the Qualification Equivalence Determination Committee (QEDC) of concerned Administrative Department.
i) Candidates will be admitted to the written test (if held) provisionally. On detailed scrutiny of applications of candidates if any candidate is found ineligible in any respect under rules, his / her candidature will be cancelled regardless of the fact whether he / she appeared in the written test or qualified therein.
ii) Candidates will be called for interview provisionally. On detailed scrutiny of applications of candidates, if any candidate is found ineligible in any respect under rules, his / her application will be rejected.
iii) To avoid frustration, candidates are advised in their own interest to make sure before applying that they fulfill all the requirements of the rules and selection criteria as advertised relating to the post before the closing date.
Please refuse to engage with any person who may offer to help you get selected. Have faith in your own ability and trust in Almighty Allah. In case any dubious person contacts you for providing undue favour in written test and interview please contact immediately the following Hon’able Members of the Commission at once:-
Egbert, Lester Darling was born on March 4, 1892 in Jersey City. Son of James Chidester and Emma (Pennington) Egbert.
Maria Irena Modzelewska, Polish pediatrician, researcher. Medical diplomate. Recipient Golf Cross of Merit, President of Poland, 1974, Cross Polonia Restituta, President of Poland, 1983. Member International Pediatric Society, Lublin Science Society, Polish Pediatric Society (honorary).
Modzelewska, Maria Irena was born on August 3, 1921 in Rzeszów, Poland. Daughter of Stanislaw Ludwik and Elwira Ilona (Ormianska) Chorazy.
Physician, Medical University School, Lublin, Poland, 1951. Doctor of Medicine, Medical University School, Lublin, Poland, 1962.
Recipient Golf Cross of Merit, President of Pol Recipient Golf Cross of Merit, President of Poland, 1974, Cross Polonia Restituta, President of Poland, 1983.
Paul Ellsworth Remington, American utility consultant. Secretary, director, trustee, chairman building committee Denver Metropolitan Young Men’s Christian Association, from 1950. Member National Accounting Association (past national director, president Denver), Phi Beta Kappa, Phi Beta Kappa Associates, Beta Gamma Sigma, Beta Alpha Psi, Delta Sigma Pi, Acacia.
Remington, Paul Ellsworth was born on November 29, 1894 in Boulder, Colorado, United States. Son of Walter Wood and Sarah Lucinda (Porter) Remington.
When peaceful alternatives have failed, the force of arms may regretfully be preferable to unchecked aggression, tyranny and genocide.
Small groups inside the Methodist Church should be developed. Thus all members of “societies” could receive support and be challenged in their faith.
Secretary, director, trustee, chairman building committee Denver Metropolitan Young Men’s Christian Association, from 1950. Member National Accounting Association (past national director, president Denver), Phi Beta Kappa, Phi Beta Kappa Associates, Beta Gamma Sigma, Beta Alpha Psi, Delta Sigma Pi, Acacia. Clubs: Kiwanis (Boulder), University (Boulder).
Workplace drug testing in America is a complicated issue with many different avenues of discussion. There are people that believe in decriminalization and freedom of use, providing it doesn’t harm anyone. Others are firmly against drug-use in all its forms. Then there are those somewhere in the middle. Many people have a drug of choice, either as a controlled or recreational substance, or an addition to something much more dangerous.
Drug use and abuse vary between “natural” highs like marijuana and “unnatural” chemicals like legal highs. Some people become addicted to illegal substances like meth, heroin, and cocaine. Others become addicted to legal prescription opioids. That means a lot of different drugs in the systems of many resident and employees across the US.
The extent of drug use in the workplace, whatever the drug of choice, means an ongoing need for drug tests. Pre-employment screening highlights users before they receive … Read the rest
Relax and be pampered at some of these most beautiful resorts in the Indian ocean Spa holidays in Seychelles, Mauritius and Maldives
Whether you are looking for a beach holiday, cultural experience or a combination of both it’s hard to rival the diversity of Thailand
Fantastic offers in some of the finest resorts around the world. Free nights, room upgrades and incredible discounts
In a city that invented seven-star hotels and luxury is the norm. Looking for culture or just relaxing on a beach, Dubai has it all
Pyramids, temples, mystifying tombs, coral reefs of the Red Sea Rivera are just the start of it when it comes to an Egypt Holiday.
Conjuring up images of palm fringed white sand beaches and beautiful blue waters; the Caribbean is so much more than this. Here each and every country has its own distinct color and flavor
(1) Introduction - This disclaimer governs your use of our website; by using our website, you accept this disclaimer in full. If you disagree with any part of this disclaimer, do not use our website.
(3) Licence to Use Website - You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website, provided that:
(a) You must not republish material from this website (including republication on another website), or reproduce or store material from this website in any public or private electronic retrieval system. (Though we encourage fair use for academic / non commercial purposes)
(b) You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell, visit, or otherwise exploit our website or material on our website for a commercial purpose, without our express written consent;
(4) Limitations of Liability - The information on this website is provided free-of-charge, and you acknowledge that it would be unreasonable to hold us liable in respect of this website and the information on this website.
Whilst we endeavour to ensure that the information on this website is correct, we do not warrant its completeness or accuracy; nor do we not commit to ensuring that the website remains available or that the material on this website is kept up-to-date.
To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law we exclude all representations, warranties and conditions (including, without limitation, the conditions implied by law of satisfactory quality, fitness for purpose and the use of reasonable care and skill).
Our liability is limited and excluded to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law. We will not be liable for any direct, indirect or consequential loss or damage arising under this disclaimer or in connection with our website, whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise - including, without limitation, any loss of profit, contracts, business, goodwill, data, income, revenue or anticipated savings.
However, nothing in this disclaimer shall exclude or limit our liability for fraud, for death or personal injury caused by our negligence, or for any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
(5) Forum Posting / Comments - You must not use our website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website.
You must not use our website in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use our website for any purposes related to marketing without our express written consent.
You must not use our website to copy, publish or send material which is illegal or unlawful, or material which could give rise to legal action under English and other applicable law. All material you copy, publish or send via our website must not be defamatory, obscene, indecent, hateful, discriminatory or inflammatory; such material must not infringe any person's intellectual property rights or rights of confidence, impinge upon any person's privacy, or constitute incitement to commit a crime[; further, material must not be misleading, deceptive, pornographic, threatening, abusive, harassing or menacing.
We may take such action as we deem appropriate to deal with the posting of unsuitable material, including suspending or canceling your account, restricting your access to our website, or commencing legal proceedings against you.
In respect of all material that you post on our website, you grant to us a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute such material in any media, together with the right to sub-licence such rights.
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the content of third party websites.
(7) Variation - We may revise this disclaimer from time-to-time. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
(8) Entire agreement - This disclaimer constitutes the entire agreement between you and us in relation to your use of our website, and supersedes all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
(9) Law and Jurisdiction - This notice will be governed by and construed in accordance with Australian law, and any disputes relating to this notice shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Australia.
Northeast OH – Many lenders do not own the loans they handle. Instead, they are paid by the actual loan owner to collect payment.
In my opinion, the banks make millions by understaffing their foreclosure departments? Here’s a real life example. A bank forecloses on a house and waits for over a year to list it for sale.
A year sitting in disrepair causes the home to sell for $30,000 less. But, the lender makes more money. Why? They might save $100 million by understaffing the department that handles delinquent properties.
Here are a few examples of how the owners of a loan lose money because the lenders don’t do their job.
Example #1: Not giving buyers and answer on a short sale within one week. We took over a short sale from another agent. A buyer came along willing to pay 150k. They had been told they could buy it at that price for 150k, because the owner owed less than that.
When they found out it was a short sale they decided to walk. This was because they didn’t want to wait for 90 days. We told them they could buy it for 140k, if they waited for the 90 days.
They decided to stay on board. Wells Fargo accepted the short sale, but countered at a price of $141,500. The investor on the loan lost $8,500.
Example #2: Not following up on foreclosures properly. I drove past an abandoned house every day for a year. I looked up the owner to see if they might want to sell the house.
That’s when I saw that the home had been foreclosed on February 4th, 2009. In July 2009, we talked to Ann Rafferty at Bank of America’s, Simi Valley California office.
She told us that they were servicing this loan. She said if I had a buyer, I would need to contact the homeowner. “It’s not owned by us. You need to contact the homeowner if you want to sell the house. The property has not gone to foreclosure sale,” she said.
We told her the house had already been foreclosed upon. We asked her if they ever communicated with the foreclosure lawyers.
“That’s interesting,” she replied. “My records show it hasn’t gone to foreclosure. I’ll check in with the foreclosure department and verify whether it has or hasn’t been foreclosed upon.”
We asked another agent what he had thought the house would have sold for previously. We both agreed that if the house had been listed in April 2009, that it would have sold quickly for between $140,000 and $150,000.
Today homes similar to this one are selling for $70,000 to $80,000, depending on the condition. This home is in pretty bad condition. So, we can conservatively estimate the loss because of a reduced selling price to be more than $60,000.
As you can see, lenders are making huge profits at the loan owners expense. Many of those loans are owned or insured by Uncle Sam, and therefore the American Taxpayer. Thinking about a short sale?
I can help you short sale your property and get back on your feet. Send me an e-mail at iandymorris@gmail.com. I will contact you for a free consultation.
When we talk, I will explain how the process works in detail and answer any questions you may have. Or, if you prefer, you can call me at (440) 348-5500
Discover how other sellers successfully completed a short sale and request a free consultation by clicking here.
Thinking about a loan modification? Our Northeast OH loan modification kit has the instructions you will need to get a loan modification approved with your bank. Click here to request a copy.
Andy Morris specializes in loan modification assistance and short sales in Northeast OH. Northeast OH Modification Help, Northeast OH Short Sales, Northeast OH Short Sale Realtor, Northeast OH Short Sales. Northeast OH Realtor, Northeast OH Stop Foreclosure, Northeast OH Foreclosure Prevention, Prevent Foreclosure Northeast OH, Northeast OH Foreclosure Defense, Northeast OH behind in Payments.
©2009 Andy Morris All Rights Reserved. By entering your email address you are also requesting and agreeing to subscribe to our free email newsletter. Andrew W. Morris is a licensed real estate broker with the State of Ohio (BRK.2008004009). Realty Trust Services, LLC is registered with the State of Ohio as a real estate company (REC.2009001863). Andy Morris, Realty Trust Services, Stop Foreclosure Foundation and the Stop Foreclosure Institute are not affiliated in any way, shape, or form with the government. Our services have not been reviewed or endorsed by the government or your lender.
Want to give up smoking marijuana for life? Relapse is really a typical incident with individuals attempting to stop smoking marijuana, however there are methods you could avoid this from taking place if you make use of the best program. Regressions occur for numerous factors, plus particular scenarios, as well as you have the option to lessen the dangers by recognizing the normal reasons that can trigger a beginning to smoke weed again.
In the event that you intend to quit smoking marijuana, most likely the most essential factor is that you truly want to live a life without using this drug. You must take some time just as a result of exactly how you feel, not to make a person various other or else delighted reason. If you are not quite prepared, and also you attempt to quit smoking marijuana for the incorrect reasons, a relapse is practically ensured. Eliminating your marijuana usage can be incredibly difficult just as a result of desires and withdrawal signs and symptoms that could take place, but you can do it by using the right way of thinking, or even the ideal decision as well as state of mind.
Before you choose to quit smoking marijuana, your circle of close friends had actually been all most possibly pot users, currently when you want to get clean, the exact same circle of peers can trigger you to absolutely relapse. To eliminate this opportunity, you require to uncover peers that do not make use of weed, so you do not impact relapse.
Dependence Disorder). Drug addiction can now treated by various techniques and especially properly through a closed in-patient drug rehab program.
Due to the high incidence of drug-related offenses, several drug rehabilitation centers have actually just recently emerged with the aim of supplying a way of rehabilitation and healing. There are lots of inpatient drug rehabilitation focuses to select from, knowing what to look for makes a big difference in between success and also failing. When searching for a solution to your issues with material dependence, it is crucial to think about the aspects that make an exceptional addiction therapy facility.
You must make certain that the clinical center follows all the norms of the worldwide clinical community setting. If a given center can not supply the required files to verify their authenticity, then you had much better look for another.
The complete cost of the program is additionally an important point to consider. Compared to an outpatient program, real estate is extra pricey in rehabilitation than remaining at house as you need to pay for extra food and lodging costs. While it might be affordable it does not necessarily need to be much less efficient, or since it is costly and isn’t really a warranty of success either. You should weigh the expense compared to the top quality of the services that a specific facility could provide. Sometimes, it pays to invest a little much more if you reach enjoy better facilities and greater service levels.
There are many more points to consider when searching for inpatient drug rehabilitation centers such as the area of the center and the total approximated length of the program. It depends on you to determine which ideal suits your scenario. The most vital point you ought to constantly remember is your supreme objective of removing drug abuse. By having the very best therapy facility with the appropriate mind-set, you will eventually be on the road to healing. We provide the most effective and also most effective treatment offered today with outcomes that much surpass the sector criteria of repeated relapse after relapse.
The time has come: My new notebook has arrived. Finally i decided to take the new Dell Vostro 1510 since it has (A) a sensational price/performance ratio, (B) gets delivered with Windows XP, (C) has the new Dell WXGA+ 1440×900 non-glare display as an configuration option and (D) Dell performed very good at the last service test of one of the leading german computer magazines.
idea painting bathroom countertops to look like granite white stone spray paint countertop,painting bathroom countertops to look like granite painted stone spray paint countertop,painting marble bathroom countertops diy spray paint countertop to look like ,can you paint formica bathroom countertops painted spray painting, painting bathroom tile countertops stone spray paint countertop youtube,can you paint formica bathroom countertops painting to look like granite spray ing,spray painting bathroom countertops to look like marble stone paint countertop,ste painting bathroom tile countertops repaint spray,can you paint formica bathroom countertops painting tile,painting bathroom countertops to look like granite cultured marble painted counterps.
perennial plants with white flowers flower seeds zone 4 for shade and clay soil,perennial plants that like shade and wet soil sunflower perennials flower all summer uk contaers,perennial plants for zone 4a that like shade uk bushes partial sun,perennial shrubs that like shade plants for uk zone 4a,perennial plants for shade and clay soil sun zone 5 flower seeds 4 es,perennials that flower all summer long perennial plants zone 4 full sun shrub with white flowers, perennial plants with orange flowers for sunny borders partial sun, perennial flower seeds zone 4 shrubs that like shade climbing plants,perennial shade plants zone 4 bushes for 5, perennial plants for sun perennials that flower all summer uk shade zone 5.
The following reports published during 2014 have been instrumental in guiding the conversation, planning and actions of communities, governments and institutions that are concerned about climate change. These are the top 10 most-viewed reports for 2014 on the Learn More About Climate SlideShare channel. 1. World Economic Forum: Global Risks 2014 The World Economic Forum lists "failure of climate change mitigation and adaptation" as #5 on its list of Ten Global Risks of Highest Concern in 2014. The Global Risks report is widely recognized as one of the world’s leading publications on … [Read more...]
boohoo FR boohoo FI boohoo ES boohoo DE boohoo IT boohoo NL boohoo NO boohoo SE boohoo USA boohoo CA boohoo AU boohoo NZ boohoo UK boohoo IE boohoo EU
Netherlands Express Next day delivery for orders placed before 3pm Monday to Friday €14,99 per order
" ); $('.top-banner .header-banner-timer-wrapper .js-clock-timer').clone().appendTo('.pull-countdown-timer'); this.container.removeClass('js-mobile-opacity-slider'); this.container.removeClass('mobile-opacity-slider'); }, vertCycle: function(maxPromoHeight) { var firstItem; this.switcher = setInterval($.proxy(function() { firstItem = this.container.find('.banner-below-nav.first').html(); this.container.removeClass('expanded'); this.container.find('.banner-below-nav.first').each($.proxy(function(){ this.container.find('.banner-below-nav:first').addClass('fader-banner').animate({ opacity: "0" }, 600); setTimeout($.proxy(function() { this.container.append('
Standard equipment includes: All-Wheel Drive, Dynamic Stability Control (DSC), 4-Wheel Anti-Lock Disc Brakes, Xenon Adaptive Headlamps with Auto-Leveling, Automatic tailgate with opening/closing feature, Park Distance Control (front and back), 3-Spoke multi-function steering wheel, iDrive system with on-board computer, anti=theft AM-FM stereo CD/MP3 player audio system, iPod and USB adapter, Bluetooth wireless technology.
Cold Weather Package includes: Heated steering wheel, Ski Bag, Heated seats, front and rear, Retractible headlight washers.
Premium Package includes: Universal garage door openers, Comfort access keyless entry, Rear view camera with top view, Rear side-window shades, Interior mirror with compass, 4-Zone climate control, Navagation system, Voice command, Real-time traffic information.
At the DSTA our goal is to create a way for industrial transportation providers and users to connect, network and combine knowledge to make all our jobs easier and more productive! This website gives you the opportunity to learn about our organization, first founded in the 1940’s, as well as view our members, check out our events and join online for access to more insider news, meetings and updates. With the launch of our new site we’ve added a couple of social media elements to enhance the ways our members can connect. Make sure you “Like” us on Facebook. And check back soon for our new Blog which will focus on sharing local and national industry related news, DSTA updates and other important information in one easy to access spot.
The Duluth-Superior Transportation Association is dedicated to assuring all modes of transportation and their business partners have a means to come together to work jointly on efforts that support the wellness of transportation throughout the region and outlying areas.
The Duluth Superior Transportation Association is now accepting applications for the 2018 – 2019 school year.
The DSTA SCHOLARSHIP is awarded annually to a qualified candidate that meets the following criteria:
I’ve found that spitting on anyone who tries to engage me in conversation is the best cure. A few weeks of that at most and your wonderful status will be reduced to neutral or worse.
No one is worthy of her cinnamony goodness! She must remain forever untouched and untouchable, forever alone in her perfectness!
On the rebound only requires that it’s over. Doesn’t matter who actually did the dumping. Thing is they aren’t really over, just until the next time Dorothy decides it’s on again.
It’s definitely a character flaw. One that’s been hinted at since the early days, when the whole relationship started.
Sorry that would be “dis”. “Diss” is a variant of the word that has managed to gain traction since the ’80s ended and has now become the standard spelling in most uses. Now I’m’a stop illin’ ’cause I gotta get to work. ;D
Actually, the meat and carbs of the pizza are a better choice for an active lifestyle, Amber. the protein helps build muscle fibers and the carbs help with fueling cellular action.
Yeah I was confused why she thought she’d need more veggies because of her “active lifestyle”. Well, I guess college students aren’t nutrition experts.
Well, I’d say she said it probably because of how much fat a normal pizza contains and how a pizza with only meat and cheese doesn’t contain many vitamins…
That is to say, pizza in itself isn’t bad, but you’d still need complementary nutrition in the form of greens. The tomato sauce doesn’t really count in that regard.
A whole italian style deep-freeze pizza gets you around 800-1000 kcals with maybe 15 g of meat (if you don’t believe me, get of the meat parts and weight them) and if the stuff that looks like cheese contains any proteins depends on if it’s real cheese or not.
A fresh-made pizza like from Galasso’s might have more protein because of real cheese and more meat, but still, compared to the total amount of kalories it’s not much.
When i’m working full time, when school isn’t in session, a large portion of my daily caloric intake is from pizza. The take-and-bake across the street from my shop gives us 50% off, and even packing in lunch, I still need more calories in a 9-12 hour shift. These aren’t your normal ‘fast food’ pizzas, though, they’re hand made gourmet jobs you cook yourself. With the exception of “pepperoni trio”, they’re all quite healthy.
Walky, Amber, you both need to climb down off that garbage roof, go back to your rooms and start over. You are not doing yourselves any favors by being like this, you both have people that you find wonderful, that make you happy and you want to make happy. Standing up on the roof eating pizza isn’t fixing that, it’s just putting it off.
Now if you’ll excuse me I’m going to throw more stones inside my glass home, still waiting for the roof to collapse in on me.
Oh my heck, thank you! Dorothy and Danny are absurdly good for Walky and Amber. I just wish they could all get their heads on straight. My poor dumb children.
I’m not blaming Amber for her issues here, but this just strikes me as spreading her warped views to someone else.
And I mean that. Wally didn’t bring up feelings of inadequacy that Amber is commicerating over, Amber is projecting her own feelings in a manner that places the blame on Dorothy’s feet.
The lesson she’s imparting to Walky, by using the examples she does, is that his problems are a matter of nature (of the scorpion and the frog variety) and so Walky cannot improve himself, shouldn’t try, and shouldn’t seek a relationship with anyone “better” than him because of it.
…As I said, Amber is projecting her own issues. …she is seeing a psychologist at this point right? Has that been mentioned since the stabbing?
What they’re BOTH doing is sharing a common frustration they have. Neither of them actually BLAMES Dorothy (or Danny) for being so great. But when you’re fucked up and struggling, it’s hard being around someone who seems to have their shit completely together. Even if it’s only the shit you’re struggling with they have a handle on, and they’re still a mess otherwise.
It can be very, very hard to avoid comparing yourself to them, and your failures to their successes. Having the other person on a pedestal doesn’t help, either.
Amber isn’t projecting her issues onto Walky’s situation. They have the same issue here. They’re commiserating. That’s the whole point of garbage roof, and it’s basically how support groups work
Danny is… supportive. He’s not always very good at it, but when in possession of all the information, he does want to do the right thing.
He’s terrible at it, but he does have sort of the instinct that would allow him to be great if he weren’t, you know, terrible.
Even if he weren’t though, it’s how Amber sees him. She feels like he’s mastered the shit she’s constantly fucking up. It doesn’t matter if that perception is accurate, she can’t shake it.
….did she just imply that her stomach size doesn’t correspond to her diet, immediately after saying she needs to eat more vegetables? Seems like there’s a chance it corresponds just fine.
(Not trying to minimize Amber’s clear body issues or anything, but her presumably carb/protein diet paired with her exercise-heavy lifestyle will naturally correspond more to putting on muscle weight than taking off fat-weight)
I think the “without” in Amber’s speech bubble is referring to “without a normal family / without a brain that works / without a stomach shape…” etc.
It doesn’t exist. It’s a myth Hollywood created to convince us that the 1950s weren’t a time of near totally breakdown.
Hell, compared to hers, Walky’s family is normal. Not great, but not deliberately abusive either. Charles and Linda suck, but they’re not Blaine.
Yeah for instance I usually would find someone like Dorothy to perfect for my taste and on certain levels I do, but thing is I haft to respect go getters so she atleast has that going for her.
Also Love is hard work and if the person your with made you feel like it’s all worth it every moment your with them then that just says you had a good thing going with them.
You can’t actually get an indirect kiss off of pizza anyway, because where your lips end up where you bite isn’t where the last person’s lips ended up when they bit. (Assuming you sink your lips into the pizza when you bite it anyway, which would be weird.)
The traditional carrier for an indirect kiss is a can or bottle, because on those the lips to touch the same parts from one person to the next.
Willis you are a master story teller, able to understand and convey thoughst and feelings better with you character than many of us are ate recognizing in ourselves.
Just wanted to say that, you strips are often the best part of my day, the part where I feel the most human as well.
Willis you are a master story teller, able to understand and convey thoughts and feelings better with you characters than many of us are at recognizing in ourselves.
I think that Amber’s experiences have left her more than a little resentful of those who aren’t a total mental and behavioural mess. I’m sure that the fact that Walky finds Dorothy perfect is a bit bizarre to her.
I’m not the biggest fan of these Walky and Amber strips, but damn, sometimes even in interactions between character combinations I don’t much care for, certain panels sneak up on me and strike a chord, hard. The fourth panel was one such instance.
I’ve struggled with thoughts almost identical to those and let them feed into a belief that I really don’t deserve to be in a loving relationship, or deserve love at all, even when IN a loving relationship presently. There are billions of people in the world, why would someone choose to be with me when there are surely people you could find far more easily with normal family situations, normal brains, and normal bodies? That’s the kind of question I end up asking myself on my worst days, and I’m so impressed with just how eerily close Amber’s line is to real things I’ve thought.
Loving yourself is really hard, and I really appreciate Willis’ very real depiction of that challenge that some of us struggle so much with.
Walky should realize that Dorothy isn’t perfect. Dorothy has a compulsion to get a overload of work, puts work over human relationships, and had big ambitions that are difficult to follow. A saner thing to do would be to talk with Dorothy about that instead of glorifying her and shit talk about her behind her back.
Well for a lazy kid like Walky a woman who has lofty goals and works extra hard to achieve them seems like perfection.
It’s not just “a lazy kid like Walky”. Dorothy’s a perfectionist (which is different than being perfect) and is seen that way by other people. She’s complained about people thinking she’s perfect before.
Pretty much, Walky compares her perfectionist attitude and hard work to his own lazy and laid back attitude and finds himself to be severely lacking.
And I’d say Dorothy generally tries and fails to put work over human relationships. She thinks she should, because she wants to be so focused on her goals, but those emotions keep betraying her. We see this from the very start of her relationship with Walky and her various attempts to limit that relationship, that she kept sabotaging herself.
Oh Walky, when are you going to realize that Dorothy isn’t perfect at all. I mean, she sets arbitrary boundaries on relationships that she doesn’t adhere to at all. Her attempts to be the most mature person in the room lead her to make decisions for other people without taking their feelings into account because she thinks that’s what’s best for them as if she’s their mom instead of their friend or girlfriend. Dotty is great but she’s nowhere near perfect, dude.
Like thinking she knows what is best for Danny (which she was kind of right), or being angry at Walky for wearing pajama jeans.
I mean after Danny implied she might give on her dreams, he was getting dumped anyways, but yes, Dorothy is not perfect.
His Holiness the 17th Karmapa received a warm welcome by Tibetan residents in the Seattle area during his 2015 US tour. Hundreds of Tibetans with their children traveled to Lynwood’s Convention Center for a special audience with His Holiness. May 8, 2015.
His Holiness Karmapa Arrives in Seattle! Here’s the video recording of the Periscope livestream of His Holiness’ arrival at the Seattle airport on May 7. Follow @AmericanBuddhism for updates.
We are delighted to announce that the last public teachings of His Holiness the Karmapa’s two-month trip to the United States will be webcast live from Seattle this Saturday, May 9th. There will be two sessions: from 2 pm to 4 pm and from 7 pm to 9 pm, Pacific Coast time. His Holiness will […]
Youth leaders to engage in dialogue with HH Karmapa at Seattle Center, May 9th. Seattle Center Exhibition Hall, May 9, 2-4pm: This afternoon session will feature a talk by His Holiness Karmapa: “A Call to Compassionate Action,” and a panel discussion with the Karmapa and Seattle area youth leaders working for social justice. Diane Gregorio, […]
The Nalandabodhi community wishes to communicate our heartfelt sadness for the victims of the earthquake that struck the Himalayan region of Nepal, Tibet, and India on April 25th 2015. The devastation has been crippling to the region, and aspirations and aid are needed for the immediate alleviation of suffering for those effected. Millions of children and […]
17th Gyalwang Karmapa reschedules visit to parinirvana site of His Holiness 16th Karmapa: May 3 – 4, 2015
The 17th Gyalwang Karmapa has rescheduled his visit to the parinirvana site of His Holiness the 16th Karmapa in Zion, Illinois (near Chicago) to May 3 – 4. The 17th Gyalwang Karmapa will bless the site for a stupa dedicated to his predecessor.
Posted in Announcements, Karmapa, News | Also tagged HH 16th Karmapa parinirvana, HH 17th Karmapa, HH 17th Karmapa Ogyen Trinley Dorje, Karmapa, stupa, Zion | Comments closed
The 17th Gyalwang Karmapa cancelled his scheduled visit to the parinirvana site of His Holiness the 16th Karmapa in Zion, Illinois (near Chicago). The program was cancelled one day before His Holiness’ scheduled arrival. The following are photos of volunteers preparing the grounds and assembling the tents for the event. […]
Posted in Announcements, Karmapa, News | Also tagged 17th gyalwang karmapa cancels, HH 16th Karmapa parinirvana, HH Karmapa, Illinois, Karmapa, Zion | Comments closed
Many thousands throughout the world, both Buddhists and non-Buddhists, respect and revere His Holiness the 17th Gyalwang Karmapa as one of the most important spiritual leaders of our time. Fortunately, the organizers of Karmapa America 2015 Tour have been posting recorded webcasts of His Holiness’ teachings along the way! Here is the talk given on March 26th by HH Karmapa at the request of Harvard Divinity School: “Caring for Life on Earth in the Twenty-first Century.”
Access to the test is available only for a limited time after your course. You will need to use the unique access code emailed to you shortly after your training.
All questions are multiple choice and your result with explanations will be immediately revealed on completion.
Your privacy is respected and assured. We do not share any data with third parties without your express permission.
UFO Sighting in Levittown, New York on 2018-08-14 20:25:00 - Red light,strange movements followed by plane.Became 5or6 in a circle,hovering,each with a yellow light at bottom.2 more observed 5 mins later.
I was walking my dog around a somewhat open area (a park). i was talking to my friend on my cell phone, and we kept getting disconnected. it was a beautiful night with a crescent moon,and i kept looking up at the night sky. i saw a red light moving in an unusual pattern, kind of zig zag, and a plane seemed to be following it. this was north and very slightly east of me. it was around 8:25 pm. the light stopped moving. suddenly it was 3, and then 5 or possibly 6. this was instantaneous. they were hovering in a large circle formation, and it seemed that the plane flew right through the circle. i was super excited, and kept trying to call (and facetime) my friend. kept getting disconnected. tried to use my phone camera, but i was having trouble with that as well. i did manage to connect on facetime at one point, and showed my friend what i was seeing. this was when they were dissolving, for lack of a better word. they kind of fizzled out. i can't recall exactly how long they were visible for, but the circle formation lasted for probably around 2 minutes. but my friend did see it when there were 2 left. each red object seemed to be the same size, with a yellow light at the bottom. i'm not clear on the exact shape. it was somewhere between round and cylindrical. i felt elated. started walking towards home, still talking with my friend (poor reception, frequent disconnections). then, 5 or 10 minutes later, to the east, i saw one red light, then a second (possibly a 3rd) a couple minutes after. these did not have the yellow light at the bottom, and dissipated more quickly. the shape of these seemed round, and in my perception they were smaller. these lights seemed different from the first. they dissipated like the earlier ones, but more rapidly. they moved in a straight path. the others looked like solid objects, but i'm not sure about these. i arrived home around 8:45, and saw the last light around 8:40. i realize that there's probably a good explanation, but figured i should report it. i'm hoping other people observed it, so i can understand what i saw.
As a captain of Sky Pirates you need to look for a civilians and bring them to the airship. But avoid monsters! They can kill captain and civilians.
Point and click type room escape game . In this game, you are locked in a room and you have to search around to find some objects and use it to escape this room. You must found a way to escape the room, search for objects and use it in intentory to escape the room.
Allison acts as a bridesmaid for her sister Jane’s wedding today. Now she is anxious to waiting the exciting time. But she hasn’t made up and chosen her beautiful dress. It‘ up to you to decide which one to choose. Now, enjoy yourself.
It’s not easy being a cloud. Especially when pesky bombs keep getting in your way. Luckily you’re a tough little thundercloud. Zap the fuses with your lightning bolts and watch the bombs explode! But make sure you match the bolt color to the bomb or the bomb stack wil [...]
It’s an all out, combination of endless tank battles and tower defense! Try to withstand aggressive, incoming enemy forces and you must protect your MCV at all costs. Build a variety types of tanks and towers to defend and attack enemies. Destroy the enemy MCV to accomplish [...]
In Pea Ski 2 you play as a pea attempting to save humanity as we know it by skiing downhill, collecting points, and collecting your fellow peas… well, maybe things aren’t THAT dire, but good luck topping the snowbound charts! The mouse controls your character. Moving [...]
Is there something nicer than taking care of dogs? In this great game you’re a caretaker in a dog hotel! The dogs will adore you if you take good care of them. This means that you’ll play with them, give them something to eat and drink at the right moment, and take th [...]
You are an Amarion demon. You must infiltrate in the Greenums depot (gate 45) and destroy the nuclear reactor.
Light up all the disks by firing balls at them to progress through this pachinko clone. Choose bonus [...]
Blob based on Gish physics! Guide this cute green blob to the green grass. Click blocks to remove th [...]
You are a Yummer, the Predator. Click on pop-eyed balls to eat them and make all of the same color a [...]
Jump gear is a kind of BMX jumping game. The game is a race against the time, with many powerups to [...]
Race against time and don’t let the grid overflow! Match three or more adjacent colors to clear them [...]
The goal is to beat all seventy-two levels. To beat a level, you have to destroy all the targets wit [...]
Cancer immunotherapy is the use of the immune system to reject cancer. The main premise is stimulating the patient's immune system to attack the malignant tumor cells that are responsible for the disease. This can be either through immunization of the patient (e.g., by administering a cancer vaccine, such as Dendreon's Provenge), in which case the patient's own immune system is trained to recognize tumor cells as targets to be destroyed, or through the administration of therapeutic antibodies as drugs, in which case the patient's immune system is recruited to destroy tumor cells by the therapeutic antibodies. Cell based immunotherapy is another major entity of cancer immunotherapy. This involves immune cells such as the Natural killer Cells (NK cells), Lymphokine Activated killer cell(LAK), Cytotoxic T Lymphocytes(CTLs), Dendritic Cells (DC), etc., which are either activated in vivo by administering certain cytokines such as Interleukins or they are isolated, enriched and transfused to the patient to fight against cancer.
Since the immune system responds to the environmental factors it encounters on the basis of discrimination between self and non-self, many kinds of tumor cells that arise as a result of the onset of cancer are more or less tolerated by the patient's own immune system since the tumor cells are essentially the patient's own cells that are growing, dividing and spreading without proper regulatory control.
In spite of this fact, however, many kinds of tumor cells display unusual antigens that are either inappropriate for the cell type and/or its environment, or are only normally present during the organisms' development (e.g. fetal antigens). Examples of such antigens include the glycosphingolipid GD2, a disialoganglioside that is normally only expressed at a significant level on the outer surface membranes of neuronal cells, where its exposure to the immune system is limited by the blood–brain barrier. GD2 is expressed on the surfaces of a wide range of tumor cells including neuroblastoma, medulloblastomas, astrocytomas, melanomas, small-cell lung cancer, osteosarcomas and other soft tissue sarcomas. GD2 is thus a convenient tumor-specific target for immunotherapies.
Other kinds of tumor cells display cell surface receptors that are rare or absent on the surfaces of healthy cells, and which are responsible for activating cellular signal transduction pathways that cause the unregulated growth and division of the tumor cell. Examples include ErbB2, a constitutively active cell surface receptor that is produced at abnormally high levels on the surface of breast cancer tumor cells.
The use of some agents can lead to the re-activation of latent tuberculosis (TB) and this must be assessed for before those agents are used therapeutically.
Cancer immunotherapy has arisen from advances in both oncology and immunology fields over the last few centuries. Immunotherapy began in 1796 when Edward Jenner produced the first vaccine involving immunisation with cowpox to prevent smallpox. Towards the end of the 19th century Emil von Behring and Shibasabo Kitasato discovered that injecting animals with diphtheria toxin produced blood serum with anti-toxins to it. Following this Paul Ehrlich's research gave rise to the "magic bullet" concept; using antibodies to specifically target a disease. The production of pure monoclonal antibodies for therapeutic use was not available until 1975 when Georges J. F. Köhler and Cesar Milstein produced the hybridoma technology, although it wasn't until 1997 when Rituximab, the first antibody treatment for cancer, was approved by the FDA for treatment of follicular lymphoma. Since this approval, 11 other antibodies have been approved for cancer; Trastuzumab (1998), Gemtuzumab ozogamicin (2000), Alemtuzumab (2001), Ibritumomab tiuxetan (2002), Tositumomab (2003), Cetuximab (2004), Bevacizumab (2004), Panitumumab (2006), Ofatumumab (2009), Ipilimumab (2011) and Brentuximab vedotin (2011). The production of vaccines for cancer came later than the use of monoclonal antibodies. As our understanding of human immunology has improved, so has our potential to produce effective cancer vaccines. The first cell-based immunotherapy cancer vaccine, Sipuleucel-T, was approved in 2010 for the treatment of prostate cancer.
Cancer specific T-cells can be obtained by fragmentation and isolation of tumour infiltrating lymphocytes, or by genetically engineering cells from peripheral blood. The cells are activated and grown prior to transfusion into the recipient (tumour bearer).
Adoptive T-cell therapy is form of passive immunization by the transfusion of T-cells, which are cells of the immune system. They are found in blood and tissue and usually activate when they find foreign pathogens. Specifically they activate when the T-cell's surface receptors encounter other cells that display small parts of foreign proteins on their surface MHC molecules, known as antigens. These can be either infected cells, or specialised immune cells known as antigen presenting cells (APCs). They are found in normal tissue and in tumor tissue, where they are known as tumor infiltrating lymphocytes (TILs). They are activated by the presence of APCs, such as dendritic cells that present tumor antigens to the T-cells. Although these cells have the capability of attacking the tumor, the environment within the tumor is highly immunosuppressive, preventing immune-mediated tumour death. There are multiple ways of producing and obtaining tumour targeted T-cells. T-cells specific to a tumor antigen can either be removed from a tumor sample (TILs) or T-cells can be removed from the blood and genetically engineered to be tumor specific. Subsequent activation and expansion of these cells is performed outside the body (ex vivo) and then they are transfused into the recipient. Although research has made major advances in this form of therapy, there is no approved adoptive T-cell therapy as yet.
The tumor specific T-cells used for treatment will be specific for a particular antigen present within the tumor, or for the stroma or vasculature, which the tumor may be dependent on. Examples of T-cell targets are tissue differentiation antigens, mutant protein antigens, oncogenic viral antigens, cancer-testis antigens and vascular or stromal specific antigens. Tissue differentiation antigens are those that are specific to a certain type of tissue. T-cells specific to these antigens will target normal cells that contain these antigens as well as cancer cells (e.g. carcinoembryonic antigen; CEA). Mutant protein antigens are likely to be much more specific to cancer cells because normal cells shouldn't contain these proteins. Normal cells will display the normal protein antigen on their MHC molecules, whereas cancer cells will display the mutant version. T-cells can differentiate between these two, selectively targeting the cancer cell. Some viral proteins are implicated in forming cancer (oncogenesis), and therefore T-cells that are specific to viral antigens can be used to attack infected cells (which will include cancer cells). Cancer-testis antigens are antigens expressed primarily in the germ cells of the testes, but also in fetal ovaries and the trophoblast. Some cancer cells aberrantly express these proteins and therefore present these antigens, allowing attack by T-cells specific to these antigens. Example antigens of this type are CTAG1B and MAGEA1.
Blood cells are removed from the body, incubated with tumour antigen(s) and activated. Mature dendritic cells are then returned to the original cancer-bearing donor to induce an immune response.
Dendritic cell therapy comprises a group of methods that provoke anti-tumor responses by causing dendritic cells to present tumor antigens. Dendritic cells present antigens to lymphocytes, which activates them, priming them to kill cells which also present the antigen. They are utilised in cancer treatment to specifically target cancer antigens. This group of cell-based therapy boasts the only approved treatment for cancer, Sipuleucel-T.
One method of inducing dendritic cells to present tumor antigens is by vaccination with short peptides (small parts of protein that correspond to the protein antigens on cancer cells). These peptides on their own do not stimulate a strong immune response and may be given in combination with highly immunogenic substances known as adjuvants. This provokes a strong response to the adjuvant being used, while also producing a (sometimes) robust anti-tumor response by the immune system. Other adjuvants being used are proteins or other chemicals that attract and/or activate dendritic cells, such as granulocyte macrophage colony-stimulating factor (GM-CSF). Dendritic cells can also be activated within the body (in vivo) by making tumour cells to express (GM-CSF). This can be achieved by either genetically engineering tumor cells that produce GM-CSF or by infecting tumor cells with an oncolytic virus that expresses GM-CSF. Another strategy used in dendritic cell therapy is to remove dendritic cells from the blood of a person with cancer and activate them outside the body (ex vivo). The dendritic cells are activated in the presence of tumor antigens, which may be a single tumor specific peptide/protein or a tumor cell lysate (a solution of broken down tumor cells). These activated dendritic cells are put back into the body where they provoke an immune response to the cancer cells. Adjuvants are sometimes used systemically to increase the anti-tumor response provided by ex vivo activated dendritic cells. More modern dendritic cell therapies include the use of antibodies that bind to receptors on the surface of dendritic cells. Antigens can be added to the antibody and can induce the dendritic cells to mature and provide immunity to the tumor. Dendritic cell receptors such as TLR3, TLR7, TLR8 or CD40 have been used as targets by antibodies to produce immune responses.
Sipuleucel-T (Provenge) is the first approved cancer vaccine. It was approved for treatment of asymptomatic or minimally symptomatic metastatic castrate resistant prostate cancer in 2010. The treatment consists of removal of antigen presenting cells from blood by leukapheresis, and growing them with the fusion protein P2024 made from GM-CSF and prostatic acid phosphatase (PAP). These cells are infused back into the recipient to induce an immune response against the tumor because the PAP protein is prostate specific. This process is repeated three times.
Antibodies are a key component of the adaptive immune response, playing a central role in both in the recognition of foreign antigens and the stimulation of an immune response to them. It is not surprising therefore, that many immunotherapeutic approaches involve the use of antibodies. The advent of monoclonal antibody technology has made it possible to raise antibodies against specific antigens such as the unusual antigens that are presented on the surfaces of tumors.
Naked monoclonal antibodies are antibodies without modification. Most of the currently used antibodies therapies fall into this category.
Conjugated monoclonal antibodies are joined to another molecule, which is either toxic to cells or radioactive. The toxic chemicals are usually routinely used chemotherapy drugs but other toxins can be used. The antibody binds to specific antigens on the surface of cancer cells and directs the drug or radiation to the tumor. Radioactive compound-linked antibodies are referred to as radiolabelled. If the antibodies are labelled with chemotherapy or toxins, they are known as chemolabelled or immunotoxins, respectively.
Antibodies are also referred to as murine, chimeric, humanized and human. Murine antibodies were the first type of antibody to be produced, and they carry a great risk of immune reaction by the recipient because the antibodies are from a different species. Chimeric antibodies were the first attempt to reduce the immunogenicity of these antibodies. They are murine antibodies with a specific part of the antibody replaced with the corresponding human counterpart, known as the constant region. Humanized antibodies are almost completely human; only the complementarity determining regions of the variable regions are derived from murine antibodies. Human antibodies have a completely human amino acid sequence.
Well I just wrote a lovely post about my visit to the Etobicoke School of Art, but right now I am as mad as Gizmo (who spent the entire day locked in the animation studio, having slipped in under the desk and hidden when I closed the door.) She came out MRAWRING loudly and then deliberately, angrily flushed the toilet!
I feel about the same way, since the entire post was deleted by blogger. (Wordpress is calling, y'all.)
Here's my second try. Today I was at the Etobicoke School of Art. It's a fine little 'magnet' school in a town about 25 miles to the east of Oakville. My hostess described it as the "New Jersey of Canada" and it did indeed resemble my childhood home of West New York, except that it was a lot cleaner.
The school is bright, cheery, covered with student artwork of great sensitivity, and filled with motivated students. Many of them piled into the library to see me lecture. I showed representative samples of Sheridan films in CGI, hand drawn, and stop motion; one group project; a lot of last semester's Leica reels; two rare Disney films I storyboarded; and some examples of the exercises done by the Taiwanese students last summer.
I am convinced that cats have discovered the secret of teleportation. You can see them in one room, go to the other end of the house (or another floor, depending on the abode) and the furry little thing will be there also, waiting for you.
I've lectured at USC, and spent a day at the UCLA Film School last week. The young students are always eager and enthusiastic. It's fun to be around them and share their optimism.
i'm not an avid reader of ur blog (maybe I should be) but I recently took a listen to ur podcast over at manvsart.com and enjoyed it. very informative. I was wondering if you had any other podcasts or interviews out there that you could share a link to.
sorry about the late reply, y'all. Sam, there is one other podcast with me online. Floyd, yes, it is fun working with the young animators before they get jaded and disillusioned. They also get to work on their own stuff...I can never understand why any student would not want to!
Click here to visit our facebook page to see updates and special offers. Thank you and we hope to see you soon.
What is Being Published? What's Important? and What is Missing? Views from the Field on Research & International Education - NAFSA: Association of International Educators
What is Being Published? What's Important? and What is Missing? Views from the Field on Research & International Education
Written By: Shanna Saubert, PhD (Associate Director, Research & Scholarship at NAFSA: Association of International Educators) and Emily Gorlewski, EdD (Associate Director of Study Abroad at Wesleyan University & the Research & Scholarship network leader for the NAFSA Teaching, Learning, and Scholarship [TLS] Knowledge Community [KC])
On a day-to-day basis, it becomes clear that researchers and scholar-practitioners need information. They want to know about current hot topics as well as what is missing (i.e., identifying gaps that need to be filled). With the intent to present preliminary findings at a session at the NAFSA 2018 Annual Conference in Philadelphia last May, in early 2018, we surveyed professionals in the field of international education to find out more about their perceptions regarding:
What topics international educators feel are the most important to address in published scholarship according to their own interests; and
What topics international educators feel are missing from the currently available research and scholarship.
An online survey was designed to allow individuals to answer the questions and focus on topics relative to their own Knowledge Community (KC) affiliation/s within NAFSA – Education Abroad (EA), IEL, IEM, ISSS, and/or TLS. A total of 376 responses were received, with 288 completed responses available for analysis. Here we highlight some of the major findings from the survey.
*nearly 23% reported having two or more roles in international education, including 20 who were pursuing postgraduate degrees (PhD/EdD)
64% were not TLS members, yet 26% of the TLS members indicated they have interests in other KC-relevant research (EA, ISSS, IEL, or IEM).
Here we highlight some of the responses that cut across different KCs. There were also responses that were received which were more specific to each KC.
* IEL didn’t provide enough similar responses to be comparable & IEM responses focused more on practical matters than research per se.
As displayed in the three charts above, it is interesting that there were some significant overlaps between the responses gathered according to each KC. However, in analyzing the survey data, we were struck by: the differences between the answers chosen from the list provided and those that were written in; the similarities between what participants said was and was not being published; and the specificity of some of the topics that the participants desired. There were also noted distinctions based on KC-specific responses:
IEL responses were concerned with the connection between the global and local and the impact of campus internationalization on home communities, as well as community colleges.
EA responses included issues related to prior research quality, new models for intercultural communication and competence assessment, institutional support and the impact of study abroad on home universities and host communities, diversity and education abroad group dynamics, and whether the skills learned during education abroad are transferable to domestic diversity.
IEM responses tended to be more practice-based (ROI, trends, document verification, credential evaluation, efficiency, diversifying recruitment efforts), but also indicated an interest in practical research focused on repatriation concerns, potential collaboration with EA on partnerships, managing alumni communication & contacts, and further in-depth studies on different countries and academic disciplines.
ISSS responses also focused on practitioner issues (skills, employment, gender imbalance, how to explain what we do), as well as bridging international and domestic student populations, research on students not from the top three sending countries, and (alternatively) research on students from each of the top three sending countries.
TLS responses identified unique issues related to rigor, access and inequality, and ethical study abroad. While several of the responses aligned with other NAFSA KCs, TLS was the only KC to mention internationalizing the curriculum, faculty & professional development, language issues & the role of language for mobile students, interdisciplinary collaborations, teacher training, and nondominant perspectives (not U.S., European, or Australian).
Several respondents raised issues of quality or rigor in previous research and called for different types of studies (i.e., more longitudinal research, more quantitative research with larger sample sizes, and research designs that control better for bias). This is something to keep in mind as a broad range of researchers, from practitioners to graduate students to scholar-practitioners to faculty members, undertake these projects.
Many respondents reported gaps in the literature that were extremely specific. Unfortunately, due to the anonymous design of the survey, we could not determine whether these were graduate students looking at topics for their own research or if they were practitioners who needed answers to specific questions that would inform their work. Some examples include “bridging the gap between international and domestic students who share the same ethnic origin,” “African Americans studying abroad,” and “gender gap among international education professionals.” There were also a few responses about specific institution types such as community colleges and MSIs. It seems there may have also been confusion in separating research topics from practical needs, such as the case of credential evaluation or document verification for IEM.
We also wondered if people were understanding the differences among the questions: what is being published, what is important, and what are the gaps. In two of the KCs, for example, assessment of student learning outcomes was identified as something on which research was being published, but also as a gap in the literature.
Is there something that NAFSA or the TLS KC could do to better disseminate this information, and bring the research to the practitioners?
This survey was focused on identifying perceptions regarding research in the field, but many international educators may still need assistance in identifying more appropriate practical resources. With this in mind, the following NAFSA resources may be of particular interest in identifying research resources relevant to specific KCs:
NAFSA Research Connections – search the Library content using your desired keywords or existing tags within the network.NAFSA system, which is open to both members and nonmembers of NAFSA. The Library includes summaries and abstracts of recently produced research reports and published articles that are relevant to international educators across NAFSA. Recent blogs have focused on technology, impacts and outcomes, and where to find research.
Plan on attending the NAFSA Research Symposium to find out more about and discuss connecting research to practice in international education. (Events are held twice a year, once in the spring and once during International Education Week) - Check out discussions on social media via #NAFSAResearch and #IEW2018
Join the Teaching, Learning, and Scholarship (TLS) Knowledge Community and raise your questions with others. This KC is pan-NAFSA and brings together faculty, administrators, graduate students/post-docs, researchers, intercultural trainers, cross-cultural counselors, and other professionals in international education. Featured projects include the Global Studies Literature Review, Graduate Student Central, and the annual Innovative Research in International Education Award.
Read NAFSA Trends & Insights and the latest issue of the International Educator magazine to be alerted to features and articles written by practitioners in the field on important innovations and ongoing initiatives.
Consider attending (and submitting proposals for) the Research in International Education poster fair at the NAFSA Annual Conference. Many sessions at the conference are presented by scholar-practitioners and focus on bridging research and practice. The deadline for session proposals has already passed, but poster proposals will be accepted until January 9, 2019.
We invite others to comment below with resources that they’ve found particularly helpful in identifying relevant research.
Do you want to unfollow What is Being Published? What's Important? and What is Missing? Views from the Field on Research & International Education?
In charge of all immigration services for the university. Coordinate international student, scholar, faculty and staff services and programs. Supervise, coordinate and determine eligibility for appropriate visa status for international faculty, staff, scholars and students and process applications and petitions. Monitor institutional compliance with federal F, J, H-1B, O-1, TN and permanent residence requirements. Oversight of orientation services, maintenance and development of internal office database systems, and development of website and other informational publications for the office.
With 19,000+ members, the top US networking association for Hispanic professionals and free to join.
Editor's note: We have activated the Neumu 44.1 kHz Archive. Use the link at the bottom of this list to access hundreds of Neumu reviews.
Besides death and taxes, the one other constant in life is that Stereolab will continue to create picturesque otherworldly gems that enhance our lives with multiple layers of subjective meaning. On their tenth full-length album of new compositions  and their first album since the tragic death of singer Mary Hansen  the band upholds and often exceeds these lofty expectations. In fact, Margerine Eclipse is a decided improvement upon their last three albums, discarding the dense and difficult song structures that plagued those albums.
Beyond the musical element, the other key reason for the shift in quality on an already strong catalogue is that for once the band provides the listener with some obvious and clear themes. Typically, Stereolab revel in the obtuse. Their reconstructed brand of NASA-built, Esquivel-inspired torch songs often are so vague in meaning that they tend to give the listener much latitude in interpretation. From the outset, Margerine Eclipse sends its lunar probe out in search of the well-worn intergalactic themes of loss and rebirth, and does so in grand fashion. The outcome is an album that bounces, skips and chuckles with dew-eyed wonder at this sometimes-joyous experience called life.
Opening track "Vonal Declosion" signals this return to fervor and finery. Gone are the unfocused washes of sound and mile-long tracks that were prevalent indicators of the work of producer Jim O'Rourke on Cobra and Phases Group Play Voltage in the Milky Night. Instead there is a pop-obsessed focus on skittering electronics and drum machines, as programmed by Teutonic wunderkind and Mouse on Mars member Jan St. Werner. Couple this with some frenetic guitar work from original member Tim Gaines and we have an exotic fusion of electro-pop and decadent lounge music.
Also missing from this album is the free-jazz philosophy that was brought to past albums by Tortoise members John McEntire and Doug McCoombs. These leftist leanings often diffused the power of Stereolab's sugar-coated agenda, which has returned in full force with their departure. Instead we find longtime collaborator Sean O'Hagan stepping into a more decided leadership role. As the founder of the High Llamas, O'Hagan has always aligned himself with the Pet Sounds production philosophy, emphasizing the nature of a song through the grand arrangements, vocal harmonies and unique instrumentation rather than on complex guitar, percussion and electronic interplay.
This shift is best evidenced on the third song in the "Margerine Suite," "Dear Marge," a three-part medley incorporating a mad mélange of styles into approximately seven short minutes. The first fuses electronics with acoustic elements to create a bizarre lounge-flamenco hybrid, which may be homage to electro-pop pioneer Juan Garcia Esquivel. While the second part is a more enigmatic vocal-based composition, it uses analog synthesizers, strings and looping percussion to evoke images of a last tango on Mars. The final segment is straight-up disco featuring dirty funked-up guitars, tambourine and a beat that has definite ties to Blondie's "Heart of Glass." All three tracks that make up the "Margerine Suite" are essential listening and are excellent examples of the breadth and poise that a mature Stereolab exhibits throughout this album.
As all great records must, Margerine Eclipse has a quick and ready hit in its coffers. "Margerine Rock" is an epic throwback, a song that would not be out of place on Emperor Tomato Ketchup, or maybe in a more rudimentary way on the manic Transient Noise Bursts With Announcements. Sadler employs a bemused monotone and finally treats us to the first intelligible morsel of English lyrics for this radio-friendly smash. Guitars and Moog are forced from the earth by a bombastic mainstream-rock beat and the track swings with a cocksure exuberance that Stereolab has been bemoaned for losing in recent years. The production is so ace that it is difficult to discern whether or not the musical chatter in the background is vocals, analog synthesizers or clanging guitar leads. Whatever it may be, the addition completes "Margerine Rock," which, in its use of both Motown and Subpop aesthetics reframed through a Stereolab filter, becomes the pivotal composition here.
There is one loss that outweighs all others on this album. The untimely death of longtime bandmate Mary Hansen looms large over Margerine Eclipse, and her backing vocal can be imagined ghost-dancing behind Sadler's in every nook and cranny. No song carries this burden better than the eulogy to this fallen friend on "Feel and Triple," where Sadler bluntly croons, "Memory, of a friend, memory/ I need to embrace/ Fallen out, fallen out, fallen/ Out of our time and space." This is an apt eulogy delivered by those left struggling with the loss of their beloved friend in a harsh and cruel world.
Somehow Stereolab has found a way to not only soldier on, but also embrace a return to the passion and brimming enthusiasm which made their early records such a delight. Margerine Eclipse upholds this epicurean ideal as the "groop" write, sing and play merrily while basking in the realization that tomorrow we may all be gone.
Bonus Question: We will accept either C, D or E (we don't know if Cakeliner's stomach is 'average'). * You get one point for this correct answer
The percentage of travelers arriving in state craft = (the number of travelers arriving in state craft / the total number of travelers) x 100
The percentage of passengers on state craft was (1,750,000 / 3745000) x 100 =46.73% which is approximately 47%
The first thing is to make this question an equation. The equation is x+y=86. x is the larger group and y is the smaller group. So, y=86-x. So, x+86-x=86. If the first statement is true then ¼(x)>y. Since y=86-x, then ¼(x)>86-x. Now find out the greatest possible number that will satisfy the equation ¼(x)>86-x. The largest number y could be is 17. The smallest number x could be is 69.
If c) is true, then one of the groups must be even since "couples" are the multiples of 2 (1 couple consists of 2 people, 2 couples consists of 4 people). Then, you figure out that 1 group affects the other group. If there is 1 more person in group x, then there is one less person in group y. So, that means that both group must be even or else both groups are odd and no group will satisfy c). So x must consist of 70, 72, 74, 76, 78, 80, 82, 84, or 86 people and y must consist of 16, 14, 12, 10, 8, 6, 4, 2, or 0 people. Now try to make the groups satisfy e). Substitute c for young people and o for old people. The equation is 8o=c. So, o+c equals the number of people in one of the groups. If c=8o, then that will mean o+8o equals the number of people in one of the groups. Then, simplified the equation.
So 9o equal the number of people in one of the groups. So one of the groups has to be a multiple of 9. Since y consists of a group that has 16 people or under, then the only multiple of 9 is 9. But the groups have to consist of an even number of people, so group x must satisfy e). The only multiples of 9 above 70 and under 86 are 72 and 81. But, the number has to be even. So, group x consists of 72 people and y consists of 14 people.
*Mr Cakeliner is now employed by research scientists as a permanent replacement for the outdated LD50 test.
Powered by Joomla! 1.5 | Original Design (Aurora) by NukeDesign / Neurohacked by Le Scal | XHTML | CSS
Description : In 1958, a successful businessman named Robert Mornroe began to have experiences that drastically altered his life. Unpredictably, and without his willing it, Monroe found himself leaving his physical body to travel via a “second body” to locales far removed from the physical and spiritual realities of his life. He was inhabiting a place unbounded by life or death.
Monroe recorded these experiences in two bestselling, landmark books, Journeys Out of the Body and Far Journeys. Ultimate Journey, his final and career-defining work, takes us further than we thought possible–and reveals to us what it all means.
Ultimate Journey charts that area which lies “over the edge,” beyond the limits of the physical world. It presents us with a map of the “interstate”–the route that opens to us when we leave our physical lives, with their entry and exit ramps, their singposts and their hazards. It also tells us how Monroe found the route and travelled it, and uncovered the reason and the purpose of this pioneering expedition. It is a journey that reveals basic truths about the meaning and purpose of life–and of what lies beyond.
After six hardcover printings, the trade paperback edition of Ultimate Journey, will offer an even wider range of readers this exhilarating reading experience, the masterwork of one of the most daring and original thinkers and explorers of our time.
Clifford and Winifred Smith are celebrating their 70th wedding anniversary at their home in Saskatoon on July 7th. The event is being attended by 29 relatives, covering 4 generations and ranging in age from 4 to 94.
Please don't submit copyrighted work; original poems, songs or prayers welcomed. Legacy.com reviews all Guest Book entries to ensure appropriate content. Our staff does not correct grammar or spelling.
You have started a Condolence Message, but it has not been submitted yet. Click "Return" to go back and edit your entry.
All Guest Book entries and photos are reviewed for appropriate content before appearing online. Most entries will appear within 24 hours of being submitted.
We encourage you to email friends and family members a link to this Guest Book so they may view and sign it as well.
I knew Marlin through ASI and though we never sailed together, I enjoyed talking to him at our dinner meetings. He always asked about my father, Nick Alimpich; they knew each other through IEEE decades ago. My condolences to his family. Marlin will be missed.
I knew Marlin through ASI and though we never sailed together, I enjoyed talking to him at our dinner meetings. He always asked about my father, Nick Alimpich; they knew each other through IEEE decades ago. Marlin will be missed. Marilyn Alimpich
Thank you. You have added this Guest Book and will receive updates on Facebook via the My Memorials app.
Connect with this and other obituaries that are important or interesting to you - directly on Facebook.
Get updates on the obituaries you choose (including new Guest Book entries) in your Facebook News Feed.
Add the name and email address of a friend or family member you'd like to notify about this Guest Book.
Please provide me with special offers and discounts from Legacy.com and selected partners. Emails will be sent directly from Legacy.com. We respect your privacy and will not sell your information to a third party. You may opt out at any time. See Privacy Policy for details.
©2018 Legacy.com. All rights reserved. Guest Book entries are free and are posted after being reviewed for appropriate content. If you find an entry containing inappropriate material, please contact us.
Helen E. Hinshaw, 93, of Ramsey, died at 6:25 a.m. on Sunday, Jan. 18, 2015, at Piatt County Nursing Home in Monticello.
Services were held at 11 a.m. on Wednesday at Sutton Funeral Home in Taylorville, with the Rev. Rodney Blomquist officiating. Burial will be in Ramsey Cemetery, with military rites accorded by Crawford-Hale American Legion Post 95 of Vandalia. Visitation was held from 10 a.m. until time of services on Thursday at the funeral home.
Mrs. Hinshaw was born on Oct. 9, 1921, in Ramsey, the daughter of Dale and Noy Casey Hauskins. She married E. Virgil Hinshaw on Feb. 5, 1949, in Henderson, Ky.; he died on July 28, 1988.
Bookmark this memorial on Facebook with the My Memorials™ application. My Memorials™ helps you honor departed family members, friends, and even favorite celebrities – all on your Facebook page.
The actress shared her foodie secrets as part of The Times of India's #FlirtWithYourCity campaign for its supplements across Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai, Kolkata and Bengaluru.
'Bengaluru is a city where one can really experiment with cuisines. From the authentic local food to any fancy cuisine you can think of, it’s all there. I totally enjoy a good dosa, akki roti or jolada roti with hot cup of filter coffee', Katrina confessed.
Katrina Kaif, a self confessed foodie is an avid experimental when it comes to trying out various cuisines.
'I love street food and any place that offers local street food becomes a favourite for me and I can eat any amount of it. I would love to explore eat streets like the ones at VV Puram in Bengaluru' says Katrina while talking about her favorite food joints in Bangalore.
Fitness freak and a disciplinarian, the actress said, 'Bangalore is known for its greenery, and while I’ve heard the green space is diminishing, it is still home to the biggest landmark parks like the Lal Bagh and the Cubbon Park – both of which are the go-to places for jogs and yoga, walks with pets etc.'
Being an avid fan of greenery and nature, the actress reportedly said, 'I would love to run at the city’s beautiful parks or even at the Kanteerava sports stadium. There are a bunch of morning work-out routines that happen there which I’d love to be a part of. Cycling is also picking up as a big craze in the city and I’d love to be part of these communities and it’s also one of the best ways of exploring any city.'
David Guetta is on stage now. Be part of his official #EURO2016 song! https://t.co/UDSBUATahw pic.twitter.com/oyY6FgT41T
Return on Time – Is it an hour of your life for $2.00 or truly a fifteen minute survey? We find out if the Return on Time (similar to Return on Investment) pans out. Surely, some will be better than others for not wasting yours. Basically, we've evaluated not only how much you actually get paid to take surveys but also how long it takes to earn that cash
A POS or Point Of Sale is basically a place where sales are made. It is the place where the merchant calculates the cost of all the items and prepares the bill for the customer. There are a number of ways to process a point of sales such as cash registers, electronic card readers, and barcode readers, however, if the POS is made online then there are different ways to calculate the total amount for the customer. POS systems are conveniently located at the exit of stores so that customers can check out right before leaving. We are also seeing an increasing trend of placing POS systems at different locations throughout a store to increase sales of certain items of the same category.
POS systems are devices which allow you to keep a record of the day to day sales that take place in a store. Made with a powerful integration of software and hardware, they are a must for a growing business. There are certain factors you need to consider when buying a POS system, which can be based on your requirements. Some POS systems are specifically designed for supermarkets whereas more complex systems such clover station are also available if you need extra back-end features.
POS systems can save you a lot of time while giving you a variety of features. Consider different factors before you buy a POS system for your business. We have compiled a list of features to help you understand POS in detail and know what features you need to look out for before you make your purchase.
Your POS system is meant to make the process of retail as simple as possible, so make sure it is self-sufficient. If you still need manual support for making invoices or another point of sale related procedures then the system needs an update. You can even opt for a merchant account to help you make your sales smoother.
Your POS should be able to keep a track of customer data, which can be extremely helpful for your company in order to help deduce the products customers buy most. This information can also be used as a valuable feedback and would help your company grow.
The POS system you purchase should be able to keep a track of the inventory. Keeping a reliable record of the inventory in your system is the key to making your customers happy and satisfied. Nobody likes to go to their favorite store to find out they have run out of sizes.
A good POS helps you stay connected with your suppliers. This is very important allowing you to place orders anytime you run out of stock.
Your POS should integrate with your e-commerce website as well so that you can keep a track of the inventory and must allow your customers to place hassle-free orders.
If you have multiple outlets for your business, it is a good idea to have the feature incorporated in your POS that could connect you remotely.
The website is owned by Pravoved.RU group of companies. The group includes Pravoved.Ru Lab Ltd. which operates the website and provides support for customers (registration number 1187746238536, 143026, Moscow, territory of the innovative center Skolkovo, Bolshoy ave., house 42 building 1, floor 0 room 150 office 5) and LEGALAXY LIMITED which operates payment methods of the website (registration number No. HE 349968, Stasinou 8, Photos Photiades Business Ctr, Office 402, 1060, Nicosia, Cyprus)
The articles you compose for marketing should consider offering targeted information to the reader rather than on whatever else. Your aim must be to show your expertise by giving readers articles which are readable and to understand and that will help them resolve problems that they could be having. Articles that lack focus or which are too wide in subject are not planning to assist you to. Why one article marketer enjoys even more success than another is that the first works hard to deliver reliable information instead of just many information.
They work in order to make articles which can be particular to their niche hence tend to be academic. This is the way you can make certain that readers should be interested in your products after reading everything you wrote. Your aim ought to be to compose articles that gets some body enthusiastic about your site and also the products that you are offering. Listed here is a tip: pick great content for your articles. If you want to be sure that you look for success with marketing with articles you will need to be ready to produce great articles having quick answers to real issues.
When you write your articles, don’t think you are enhancing all of them by using technical jargon or language which will be over many readers’ heads. You will need to compose your articles in quick English that also a layman can understand. Internet surfers doing a search online tend to be looking for the answer for a few issue they will have. These individuals will value getting responses as quickly as possible, in the most basic means. Remember, most of your goal will be recognized by as many folks as you possibly can. If you can’t get off using technical language, after that always determine it without assuming everyone understands everything you imply. Try to keep your articles to the stage and centered on the subject, and describe every little thing inside most basic fashion. ì
Since they never develop a stronger call to action in their resource cardboard boxes, lots of people do not think that marketing with articles works. You must succeed your main goal to have good click through price on the articles, but this does not occur until such time you have a very good proactive approach.
There are lots of ways to attempt, exactly what is important is actually for one to try to create outstanding proactive approach. Your article can begin in various techniques, however the ending should determine the reactions that it gets. Perhaps your article message gets lost if you do not obtain a good conversion rate.
You will find that by creating articles, you won’t only generate traffic, but you’ll be able to place yourself as an expert in your field.
March 3rd, 2015 | Tags: AddThis, Article, Bounce rate, Business, Conversion rate, Cool, Marketing, Our State, Return on investment, search engine optimization, Tactics, Website, website traffic | Category: Article Marketing | One comment
As our games often go forward fast, that question often comes up. Especially when fighting against enemies that can see in darkness, it can become important. It is often ignored, but it can become an effective combat tactic to get rid of opponent's lights.
The Ethics Commission noted that public officials are prohibited from �using or attempting to use their official positions to obtain a personal financial benefit or avoid a personal financial detriment, that would not have been available but for holding the public position.�
Further investigation is also needed to determine whether Lindsey may have had a conflict of interest when he initiated a lawsuit naming the property owners and others.
According to a report by the Government Ethics Commission, Mark Owenby and Michelle Page purchased the property in December 2016. The couple began developing a medical marijuana growing operation, including constructing a large greenhouse.
Templeton also said Lindsey made photocopies of the property owners’ Oregon Medical Marijuana Program cards and permits.
A complaint was filed on July 17 by William Templeton of Albany, on behalf of himself and several family members associated with the marijuana operation at Butte Creek Estates.
Art theft is an complex and ancient crime. When you take a look at the some of the most well-known cases of art thefts in history, you see thoroughly prepared operations that involve art dealers, art fakers, mobsters, ransoms, and countless dollars. Here you can read about some of the most popular cases of art theft in the history.
The very first recorded case of art theft was in 1473, when 2 panels of altarpiece of the Last Judgment by the Dutch painter Hans Memling were stolen. While the triptych was being transferred by ship from the Netherlands to Florence, the ship was assaulted by pirates who took it to the Gdansk cathedral in Poland. Nowadays, the piece is revealed at the National Museum in Gdansk where it was recently moved from the Basilica of the Presumption.
The most popular story of art theft includes one of the most well-known paintings in the world and one of the most well-known artists in history as a suspect. In the night of August 21, 1911, the Mona Lisa was stolen from the Louver. Right after, Pablo Picasso was apprehended and questioned by the authorities, but was launched rapidly.
It turned out that the 30 × 21 inch painting was taken by one of the museum staff members by the name of Vincenzo Peruggia, who simply carried it hidden under his coat. The crime was thoroughly performed by a notorious con guy, Eduardo de Valfierno, who was sent by an art faker who intended to make copies and sell them as if they were the initial painting.
While Yves Chaudron, the art faker, was hectic producing copies for the popular work of art, Mona Lisa was still hidden at Peruggias apartment or condo. After two years in which Peruggia did not hear from Chaudron, he aimed to make the very best out of his taken great. Eventually, Peruggia was caught by the authorities while attempting to sell the painting to an art dealer from Florence, Italy. The Mona Lisa was gone back to the Louver in 1913.
The greatest art theft in United States occurred at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum. On the night of March 18, 1990, a group of burglars using police uniforms broke into the museum and took thirteen paintings whose cumulative value was estimated at around 300 million dollars. The thieves took 2 paintings and one print by Rembrandt, and works of Vermeer, Manet, Degas, Govaert Flinck, in addition to a French and a Chinese artifact.
Since yet, none of the paintings have actually been found and the case is still unsolved. Inning accordance with current reports, the FBI are investigating the possibility that the Boston Mob together with French art dealerships are linked to the criminal activity.
The painting by Edvard Munchs, The Scream, is most likely the most looked for after painting by art burglars in history. It has actually been stolen twice and was only just recently recovered. In 1994, during the Winter Season Olympics in Lillehammer, Norway, The Scream was taken from an Oslo gallery by 2 burglars who broke through an open window, set off the alarm and left a note saying: thanks for the poor security.
3 months later on, the holders of the painting approached the Norwegian Government with an deal: 1 million dollars ransom for Edvard Munchs The Scream. The Federal government refused the deal, but the Norwegian police worked together with the British Authorities and the Getty Museum to organize a sting operation that restored the painting to where it belongs.
10 years later, The Scream was taken again from the Munch Museum. This time, the robbers used a weapon and took another of Munchs painting with them. While Museum authorities waiting for the https://www.quora.com/profile/Kurt-Criter thieves to request ransom cash, reports declared that both paintings were burned to conceal evidence. Ultimately, the Norwegian authorities found the two paintings on August 31, 2006 but the facts on how they were recuperated are unknowned yet.
When you look at the some of the most popular cases of art thefts in history, you see completely https://www.whitepages.com/name/Kurt-Criter/Denver-CO planned operations that include art dealers, art fakers, mobsters, ransoms, and millions of dollars. The most famous story of art theft involves one of the most popular paintings in the world and one of the most popular artists in history as a suspect. The crime was thoroughly performed by a infamous con male, Eduardo de Valfierno, who was sent out by an art faker who planned to make copies and offer them as if they were the original painting.
Eventually, Peruggia was caught by the police while attempting to offer the painting to an art dealership from Florence, Italy. The painting by Edvard Munchs, The Scream, is most likely the most looked for after painting by art thieves in history.
My grandmother, Mabel Anna Johnson was born March 15th 1889. Died March 9, 1976. In some ways, I feel as though I didn't know much about her. However, she was a big influence on me, she was probably one of my biggest supporters throughout my life. So today, I'd like to honor her by setting up this blog - it's going to be about our family - letters from her, to her, from my dad, from my Uncle Al, and my Aunt Mary, and letters to my mom during WWII. It's about trying to reconnect with some family.
Mabel married Charles Hasenkamp Dec 1914. Charles was born Aug 28, 1889 in North Platte, Nebraska, and died Oct 16 1954 in Platteville, Colorado.
I will update marriages and deaths at another time, I have to track them down again! For now, this is the start - I need to get busy as my daughter and 2 grandchildren will be here sometime tomorrow and I really need to get my apt cleaned up!
Greetings. I'm Kris, creator of "lisianblue" - which comes from the listhianthus flower, one of my favorites, especially the blue - So I combined the 2 words to come up with the one - lisianblue.
I love creating in general. I really enjoy painting ornaments, making stained glass items, and sometimes combining painting on glass and stained glass. I also crochet, knit and sew. And, oh yeah I'm really into photography too!
In light of recent Words of Wisdom on Evolution, my commentary for Psalm 104, The Greatness of God, is available in Devotions from Psalms, in Commentaries.
My commentary for Psalm 122, Jerusalem, the Holy City, is available in Devotions from Psalms, in Commentaries.
My commentary #167 on Proverbs 24:11 - 12, What Baby's Blood Is On Your Hands?, is available in Studies in the book of Proverbs in Commentaries.
In light of the July 4th weekend, my revised sermon Tis the Season to Get Drunk?, which addresses alcohol consumption, is now available in Sermon Powerpoints.
My commentary for Proverbs 31:4 - 7, Listen To Your Mother About Wine, is available in Studies in the Book of Proverbs, in Commentaries. I have a complete commentary for Proverbs here.
My sermon Tis the Season to Get Drunk?, which addresses alcohol consumption, is now available in Sermon Powerpoints.
My sermon Celebrating with the Spirit, which addresses alcohol consumption, is now available in Sermon Powerpoints.
photo wedding guest book owl rustic tree guestbook wooden gift alternative album scrapbook from reviews.
photo wedding guest book how to use creative writing prompts elicit thoughtful messages from diy ideas.
photo wedding guest book a couple of months ago i wrote post about the booth created for friends also guestbook that tem.
photo wedding guest book miss design berry alternative with couple portrait limited edition australia.
For the last couple of weeks, I’ve been in California. My grandson’s spring break from school coincided with Easter weekend, which also was his 10th birthday. Well, I just had to be there!
His Dad had offered to take off time from work and the two of them would go to Disneyland but my grandson said, “I’d rather Baba would come out.” So, that cinched the deal and I headed for the Napa Valley.
The first day I was there, Dagfinnr’s elementary school had a talent show. It turned out to be the highlight of my visit.
Several weeks before, he’d come home and announced, “I signed up for the talent show at school. I already tried out.”
His mother was shocked. This is her child? The child who in Kindergarten sat with folded arms and refused to do a thing while his classmates sang at a school program? Now in fourth grade, he’s volunteering to play the piano without any parental coaxing? She was rather surprised.
When his father got home that evening, Dagfinnr said, “I want to play that song from ‘Beauty and the Beast,’ at the beginning of the movie. Can you help me find the music, Dad?”
Well, Dad found the music for the prelude, in a sufficiently simplified version, and Dagfinnr’s piano teacher began helping him learn the piece.
When she told me it was Dagfinnr, I was rather surprised. He loves playing the piano, which is a shock in itself for me because his mother never did, and the playing sounded pretty advanced.
“He’s going to play this for the school talent show,” she said, “If you come a day or two early for spring break, you can be here for the show.”
I learned to play the piano when I was a child. I got good enough to accompany the hymns at church on occasion, but I always hated playing in public. In fact, at times it made me so nervous that one time I panicked and couldn’t even read the music. I was already in college when this happened. So, you can imagine my inner trepidation for this child who was about to perform.
In the Korean household where my son-in-law grew up, it was always bribery that got a child to perform. There was also immense pressure to learn and excel at a certain pace, all of which has been missing from my grandson’s introduction to music.
“We’ve taken a different approach,” my son-in-law grinned rather sheepishly. “We’ll see if it works.”
Our young performer had a little trepidation the morning of the talent show when he was practicing before school.
That evening we came to the school gym extra early so that we could save 11 seats on the front row. A whole bunch of Korean relatives were showing up for this school program. The pressure was on.
We heard him run through some scales before everything began. He was behind the curtain waiting for his turn. I sat on a folding chair hoping and praying he would do well. This was the first time he’d opted for a performance, and a solo performance, at that. If this didn’t go well, it would be harder to put himself out there in the public eye the next time. There were 11 family members waiting expectantly on the front row. Talk about pressure.
Then his name was called. This almost-10-year-old came out, sat down at the piano, took a deep breath (while I held mine), and began to play.
His father hadn’t done it at that age. His mother hadn’t done it. For sure, his grandmother hadn’t been able to do it.
I feel compelled to write a bit more about John Newcomer than what was in his obituary. A few people in Marion will remember him and his parents.
John was born July 17, 1934, in Marion to John Ira “Newt” and Mildred (Firebaugh) Newcomer. His dad had the Ford Motor Company for many years and both parents were involved in the Valley Methodist Church.
John was educated in the Marion school system, participating in football, basketball, and baseball. He was student council president his senior year and was a loyal member of the “famous” Class of ‘52! Seldom did he miss an Old Settlers Day, and did not miss a class reunion until the 60th in 2012.
He graduated from Kansas State University in 1957. He married Caroline (Coolie) Buchanon in 1957 and their family grew to six with the births of their children Jeff, Doug, and twins Denise and David.
John worked for eight years in the aerospace industry in Wichita and Denver. He became owner of a moving and storage business in Denver, living there 43 years.
John and his parents were good friends with Margaret and Gordon Wolf and their daughter, Sarabel “Susie” Garrison of Emporia and Norma and Roger Hannaford and my brother Bud and myself — involving many grilled hamburgers at the Marion County Lake during the ‘40s and ‘50s, during the depression and WWII years. How we looked forward to those picnics almost every week!
John suffered many years of ill health and not once did I hear a complaint or “poor me” even to the end of his life. RIP, my friend.
Een vredige plek in volle natuur, in een grote tuin omringd door velden, weiden en bossen. Het huis is een verbouwde hoeve. De kunststeden van Gent en Brugge zijn elk op 20 ... Het vervolg lezen... minuten gelegen. Wat wij met Little Princess wensen te bieden is een plaats waar authenticiteit, eenvoud en conviviabiliteit centraal staan; een plaats waar u tot rust kunt komen, genieten van de rustige sfeer en de tuin.
It’s been great writing on Blogger.com, but we’ve decided to move to a new platform, thanks to some valuable help from a great, great friend...
FOSS.my is this Friday, and even though I can't attend, perhaps there are some presenters who'd be interested to use Beamer to prepare their presentations, and perhaps using KDE themes: you can download the theme packages (.sty and .png files) from that link there. Once downloaded, put them in your TEXMF tree (~/texmf/tex/latex on TeXLive and MikTeX, ~/Library/texmf/tex/latex on MacTeX), and refresh it (use the MikTeX control panel; or run texhash if you're using TeXLive. If using MacTeX, you won't need to manually run texhash or anything).
There's also a PNG image which can be used as background for presentations at the link above (desenho.png). To use this with the default beamer theme, do:
It’s been rather a long time sine I last posted anything as I’ve been working on my thesis and article… sorry!
Theses and articles typically go through many versions, ding-dong to-and-fro between supervisors and co-authors. Some people keep track of the version number (or date-last-modified) by giving each draft a different file name. Personally, though, I tend to get inconsistent with the file naming, especially when it's 2:30am. So I figured it might work better for me if the date-last-modified was printed in the PDF of the thesis/article draft itself.
One could always put the date in the header or footer, but there might already be some content in those regions. Besides, it's probably not a good idea to mess with the formattings for a journal article. Instead, I put \today in a watermark, so the date would get updated I compile my draft:
The colour, lightness, font and other attributes of the watermark are configurable. I also used the datetime package to configure the date formatting. Here’s how the output looks like (a page from my thesis draft):
USA Today is one of the most read papers and it’s crossword one of the most popular but it also is very challenging so sometimes some help is needed…
On this page you will find the solution to Food truck snack crossword clue. This clue was last seen on USA Today, November 10 2018 Crossword In case the clue doesn’t fit or there’s something wrong please contact us!
Done with Food truck snack? Go back and see the other crossword clues for USA Today November 10 2018.
A destination of singular heritage and bespoke service, the Beverly Hills Hotel sets the standard as South Africa’s first 5-star graded hotel. Inspired by the golden era of Hollywood glamour, this luxury Umhlanga hotel serves as an inspiration to others hoping to capture a little of our spirit.
A pastel pink sweep of modernist architecture that takes centre stage between the Whale Bone Pier and the Umhlanga lighthouse, the Beverly Hills Hotel offers nothing less than all sea facing rooms, boutique hotel intimacy, a heated pool with entirely uninterrupted ocean views, gracious hospitality and private beach access. Pool-side relaxation is assured by the exclusive-use boutique As the preferred choice for celebrations and business occasions, the Beverly Hills offers a select choice of special venues and personalized service that elevates ordinary events into #beverlyhillsmoments.
Rooms are comfortable and true to the original design, ensuring blissful sleep and allowing the view from the private balcony or terrace to set the mood and slow down the pace. Classic elegance is complemented by modern luxury; from unlimited high speed wifi* and flat-screen TVs to pillow-menu choices and in-room Nespresso machines.
Award-winning culinary experiences are savoured in style at The Sugar Club. Orchids and ocean views set the scene for Afternoon Teas, famous Sunday Lunch buffets and French inspired fine dining. At elements café and bar, the salads are fresh and the Champagne is chilled, the perfect setting for sundowners and sea gazing. Make yourself at home at No 1 Lighthouse Road, the only address that matters.
Born of the desire to create an experience of refined and exquisite taste, 1701 is the coming together of culinary excellence, bespoke gifting curation and an appreciation for the finer things. Lianne and Nicholas Scher – a mother and son duo – are the perfect complement of creative gastronomy and brand custodianship. Together their creation of hand-cut, hand-packed and hand-crafted Honey Nougat and hand-picked gifts have redefined the art of good taste.
Lianne, with her insatiable drive for creative flare, heads up the kitchen with her dynamic vision coupled with culinary excellence and Cordon Bleu training. With an eye for the unique, Lianne has worked across fashion, interior design and jewellery design, and now finds herself immersed in the fine and rare art of Honey Nougat creation.
Nicholas gives purpose, direction and potential to the 1701 brand through his clear and driven vision. With an impeccable focus on the brand persona, down to the finest point, he has aligned the brand with experiences, moments and items of an equally bespoke nature. Nicholas ensures that the meaning of good taste is not lost on his market.
1701 is about more than just the Honey Nougat they create or the Gift Collections they curate. By applying the personal touch of a family-run business, it is a brand that aligns and enhances lifestyles. Through meticulous attention to detail, coupled with a hunger for experimental solutions, this is the perfect complement to the finer moments in life.
Shelley is a true born and bred Durbanite, in love with the city and the many things it has to offer. She works as a Design Guru at a leading digital agency and sees herself as an animal lover, a serial competition enterer and a chocoholic.
My daughter is crazy over chocolates and my son is adventurous, they dad is coming home after 3 months these tickets would be perfect bonding
Đuro Đaković Grupa d.d. : News : After finishing one college semestar and internship in Norway,a job opportunity is waiting for a student at Đuro Đaković
After finishing one college semestar and internship in Norway,a job opportunity is waiting for a student at Đuro Đaković
A scholarship for the best students of Engineering which has been awarded for a third consecutive year by Đuro Đaković and Kongsberg Protech Systems from the Kingdom of Norway, in cooperation with the Royal Norwegian Embassy in Zagreb, has been granted today at the Management Board of Đuro Đakovic to a graduate student of Mechanical Engineering in Slavonski Brod, Dino Rendulić.
Thanks to the generous scholarship, Dino will have an opportunity to spend 6 months on the prestigious Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), after that he will earn an internship in the global, high-tech company Kongsberg Protech Systems. After returning to Croatia, a job opportunity in Đuro Ðaković Group will be given to the student.
"We are proud of this project, with which we're awarding our most promising students and we're giving them a chance to gain international experience and see how it works in the most advanced systems. It is certain that in Kongsberg, which, with its quality and innovative approach is classified at the very top of the industry, they'll gain valuable knowledge that will encourage them to further commit to their work and invest in their education. We believe that in the coming years we can expect a growing number of scholars. In fact, with young people like Dino, we're planning to build a bright future for Đuro Ðaković group" said Marko Bogdanović, Member of the Board in Đuro Đaković Holding.
Five students from the Zagreb Faculty of Mechanical Engineering and Naval Architecture and Mechanical Engineering Faculty Slavonski Brod have so far gone through the scholarship project. The scholarship is awarded in the amount of 60,000 Norwegian krone, and it covers the cost of travel and accommodation in Norway, the cost of food, residence permits and allowance. After returning to Croatia, students will get a total of HRK 19,000 scholarship by the end of the study.
"It is a great pleasure to be a part of this beautiful story, from which we all have benefit. Top talents should be found and an extra effort should be put in their professional development, so they can one day become leaders of the development of our organization, but also the industry in general. For this reason we are using an integrated approach to the study and internships which provides a complete development of young professionals and future leaders" said Gro Langaas Jensen,Senior HR Advisor in Kongsberg Protech Systems
The Scholarship Project was launched three years ago, and includes a semester of studying at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU - Trondheim, Norwegian University of Science and Technology). After graduation, the student is given an employment contract in Đuro Đakovic and is allowed to spend a six months internship in the Norwegian corporation Kongsberg Protech Systems.
General Assembly of Đuro Đaković Group Plc. adopted the decision to conduct new recapitalization of the Company
Notification on the suspension of the nominal capital increase procedure and cancellation of the General Assembly
Chief of the General Staff of Kuwait Armed Forces visits exhibition stand of ĐĐ Specijalna vozila at ASDA
Đuro Đaković Industrijska rješenja and Viadukt sign a contract on performing a part of works on bridge construction
A military delegation from the Kuwaiti Ministry of Defence and armed forces visited the Đuro Đaković Group today
A consortium comprised of Đuro Đaković Holding d.d., as principal member, and HoSt B.V. of the Netherlands, signed a EUR 16.25 million contract with Hrvatska elektroprivreda d.d.
ĐURO ĐAKOVIĆ SPECIJALNA VOZILA d.d., a company of the ĐURO ĐAKOVIĆ Group, and French client ERMEWA FERROVIAIRE have signed an agreement on the manufacture and delivery of Falns 64 series freight wagons
Following the third round of public offers for subscription of New Shares of the Đuro Đaković Holding d.d. company the recapitalisation process has been successfully wound up attracting HRK 87,192,320.00.
Notification of knowledge of a Decision of Croatian Government related to investment in New Shares of ĐĐ Holding
Đuro Đaković Holding Management Board Chairman Tomislav Mazal participated in a Forum panel discussion
Croatian Financial Services Supervisory Agency issued a decision on 24 October 2014 approving a Đuro Đaković Holding d.d. single document Prospectus pertaining to the public offer of up to 9,711,204 ordinary shares
Representatives of Croatian companies pooled by the Croatian Chamber of Economy, including Đuro Đaković Holding, participated in the work of the third European Parliament of Enterprises
Đuro Đaković has announced its intention to establish a Metals Competence Centre which will enable all metal sector employees to have their previously acquired knowledge recognised and which will provide training programme development in line with industry
Đuro Đaković Specijalna vozila d.d., a member company of the Đuro Đaković Holding d.d., and the Client, Ministry of Defence of the Republic of Croatia, signed a contract on continuing activities on general revision on M-84 battle tanks in 2014.
Extension of the mandate of the President of the Management Board of the company Đuro Đaković Holding d.d.
Major General Gorkhmaz Garayev, Deputy Defence Minister of the Republic of Azerbaijan visited the Đuro Đaković Group
Đuro Đaković Specijalna vozila d.d. and French client, signed a contract on production and delivery of cargo waggons
The Chief of the General Staff of the Quatar Armed Forces, Major General Ghanim Bin Shaheen Al-Ghanim visited Đuro Đaković Group
Management Board president Mr Vladimir Kovačević has been recalled from his post at today's meeting of the Đuro Đaković Holding Supervisory Board, with Mr Tomislav Mazal appointed to replace him as the new president of the Đuro Đaković Holding d.d. Management Board.
Croatia’s Đuro Đaković Specijalna vozila, one of the companies making up Đuro Đaković Holding, and Poland’s locomotive builder Newag have signed a cooperation agreement on the joint manufacturing of the four-axle one-system electric locomotive, type E4ACU
For the third consecutive year Croatia’s Đuro Đaković Group and Norway’s Kongsberg Protech Systems, in cooperation with the Norwegian University of Science and Technology (NTNU), have joined forces and are looking for the best technical colleges’ undergraduate students.
As a participant in the Forum, Đuro Đaković Group showcased its work within the thematic section dedicated to renewable energy sources, with a special emphasis on biomass. ĐĐ Eniteh 500, a cogeneration plant developed by ĐĐ Elektromont, was also presented.
Management Board of Đuro Đaković, headed by President Vladimir Kovačević informed the president about the company and its capacities, with a special emphasis on the military program, production of armored fighting vehicles and tank modernization.
Macedonian defense minister Talat Xhaferi has arrived for a two-day visit to Croatia. Today he and his associates visited Đuro Đaković.
i guess i have been stock piling some serious party items over the last few months. as i noticed more and more my etsy closet glowing in the dark from all the sequins, i decided it was time to do a party update. looking for a fun dress or pair of heels to wear this fall? enjoy!
Long time no blog, I know! These last couple weeks at university have been jam-packed, to say the least, and sometimes my blog has to get popped on the backburner. However, hallelujah and praise the Christmas Gods, because the end of term has finally arrived! Before you embark on your university degree, everyone who’s been there and done that will try and prepare you for the leap between Year 13 and the first year of uni, saying it will be incredibly difficult. And yes, it is hard. However, no one even attempted to prepare me for the hellish, near-impossible leap that is the transition from first year, to second. My first term of second year has been a bladdy struggle, and I know a whole lot of my peers feel the same.
I’m very proud to say that I’ve secured grades in English this term that I didn’t think were possible for lil ol’ me, I’ve completed an internship alongside my degree studies and I’ve just been offered a paid internship for the New Year. I’m really happy with the outcome of this term, and a whole lot of hard work has gone into it, but that does not mean it’s been the most fun or easygoing term at uni, whatsoever. In fact, it’s been my hardest. But with hard times come many positive lessons; this term has been one heck of a learning curve. So, with that, here’s everything I’ve learnt during my first term of second year- ft. some v happy pics of the snow this morning back in my sleepy lil village, because I am extremely happy to have (a little more of) a break now it’s Christmas.
During my first year of university, I lived with some lovely people in halls. We all got along, however, because we’d been placed together at random, we didn’t naturally become best best friends overnight. We’re friends and we still say hi now out and about, but I knew personally the people that I clicked with more, purely due to common interests, were my course friends.
Definitely true of English students, we all seem to have the same temperament and the same interests, which means we’re naturally going to click more than other people. So, for second year, I’ve moved in with my best pals, who are largely on the same course as me. We have the best time. Living with my best pals has so many benefits: we don’t have to leave the house to see each other, we do nothing but laugh and chat and get along. However, as term stress hit us all, it meant that we couldn’t sit in the kitchen and socialise every single evening, we could no longer do regular movie nights and we’d often all be incredibly stressed.
Last year, I found that if I was having a pretty bad day, I could hide away in my room and it wouldn’t really matter. No one would realise I was upset, as most of my other flatmates just sat in their rooms too. However, this year, with my best pals, it’s natural for us to congregate in the kitchen and have a good chinwag. This means that when you’re not feelin’ it, and you’re having a bad day, everyone realises something is up.
I’ve struggled this year an incredible amount after my Dad passed away in 2016. It’s definitely really hit me this year, and there are, quite frequently, days where I get incredibly upset. My pals are honestly the absolute best- they’re always here for me unconditionally and I know I can chat to them whenever I need to. However, sometimes you just want that space alone to grieve. And at uni, there isn’t that space.
Last year, my best pals didn’t know that sometimes I get really sad, sometimes I cry in my room and sometimes I don’t feel like life is all good and dandy. However, sharing a house with your best pals means that they get to see all the good, bad and ugly sides of you. And understanding that they really do not care if I am a crying mess one day, and only want to help cheer me up is something that I’ve had to remind myself of this term.
We can’t always be the best versions of ourselves, and our best friends really do not mind. They just want to do everything in their power to make us happy. And I’m incredibly grateful for that.
At I think a lot of universities, and particularly mine, there is a shocking amount of work to do. You could literally work, all day every day, with no social life and no extracurricular hobbies, and still not get everything done. There is a sheer amount of work to do, and it’s impossible to ever be on top of things. No matter how organised you are, you’re still treading water to keep up.
During my first year, I always worked in my room, without fail. I didn’t want to do the half hour walk onto campus just to arrive at the library and find there were no seats left, so I worked away in my bedroom. This meant that I really struggled, when the work was done, to relax in my room, as I’d associate that space with working.
This term, I decided the other week to take the plunge and head onto campus one Sunday. I went to a quieter building I knew many people didn’t go to to get work done, and I worked more productively than I had in weeks. Surrounded by other productive students, I felt like I was in a high school classroom again, and it propelled me forwards to get work done. There were no distractions of my pals, the internet or my phone, and I could just get on. Once the evening was drawing in, I packed up my stuff and headed home for dinner. And I actually found myself with an evening off. It was wonderful, and something I’m going to do every week in the New Year.
I read an article a few weeks ago that suggested we need to set smaller goals for ourselves day to day, because if we set large, unattainable goals, we just won’t get them done. When it comes to sitting down to relax in the evening, we’ll just be thinking about everything we still have yet to do, and we won’t even be relaxing when we should be relaxing. Our brains can’t switch off, and therefore we never feel rested.
Recently, I’ve started a weekly planner, instead of writing day-by-day lists, and this has meant that I tell myself to achieve one big goal a day. This means I get more done and can actually relax. It’s fabulous.
If you’re struggling with university workload, there are Welfare Tutors you can discuss this with. Extensions for deadlines can be put in place; there is help out there if you reach for it. I can openly say I’ve began speaking to a counsellor this term, because I genuinely found myself incredibly sad at my Dad’s passing (as of course anyone would be) but it started to affect my every day.
I’d go out for a fun evening with my pals, and any amount of alcohol in my system would make my emotions flare up terribly. I couldn’t tackle a heavy workload because I didn’t feel like I had the mental energy to get things done. I felt this unfathomable, overwhelming sadness inside that my Dad isn’t here anymore. I felt angry at the world. I didn’t feel happy.
And these feelings definitely come and go, they’ve not gone altogether, but I’m learning to process the grief and I’m learning that it’s okay to sack off work for the evening because you’re feeling sad. I’m learning, through talking to the counsellor, to not put too much pressure on myself.
It’s okay to not be okay, and it’s okay to admit that we struggle from time to time. This isn’t just something exclusively felt by me: we all have our stresses, we all have our hard times and we’ll all get through it just fine.
At my university, it’s incredibly academic. Everyone else around me seems to be thoroughly enjoying every lecture and seminar and they seem to understand everything at lightning speed. Most people were privately educated, and most people applied exclusively to Russell Group universities. The university I’m at now is the only Russell Group I applied to (definitely on a whim, not expecting to get in) and I’m more vocational than my peers: I’m ready for the working world now; I’m done with education.
But if there’s one thing second year has taught me so far, it’s that I shouldn’t be comparing myself to other people. Whilst some people are hitting straight firsts across the board, I’m hitting straight 2:1s, whilst prepping myself for life outside of university, by getting as much work experience as I possibly can.
I’m happy with the achievements I have made this term, and just because there are a select few that grasp degree work more than I can, it doesn’t mean I’m failing. Success is subjective, and we all have things we want to succeed, that may be completely different from those around us. We are all amazing in our own special ways.
Yes, university is important. A degree opens many doors and we are lucky to be able to have access to such important education. However, our happiness is the most important thing in life.
I’ve had points this term where I felt like university was consuming my life: there was so much to do, and so little time to do it in. But I’ve learnt there are times to stress, such as when an important deadline is approaching, and there are times to relax a little and take time out for yourself. University doesn’t and shouldn’t need to consume our every waking thought. There’s so much more to life than uni. And when you realise that, you can still work, you can be proud of your achievements, but most of all: you can be happy.
Search Engine Optimization SEO is the process of uplifting business performance across search engines and get attention from target audience that does have interest in your products and services in which your business operates in Kailash Hills Delhi.
Save time and Money Increase business visibility, customer awareness with local SEO services in Kailash Hills Delhi
Result Drive SEO Services Company by SEO Results, Increase Business Visibility, Increase Sales, Traffic and Customer Engagement	Call 9873800494
We are glad that you preferred to contact us. Please fill our short form and one of our friendly team members will contact you back.
Note: All of the Specifications, Dimensions & Designs are Subjected to change without Prior Notice. Please
2.20 The Impact from Without: International Law and the Structure of Federal Government in Switzerland (Thomas Cottier)
a) impacts on Swiss foreign policy on European Integration and the European Union – selective history of European Policy of Switzerland-examples
b) Impacts on Swiss law in general – and based upon the principle of Euro-compatibility by the legal process of «autonomer Nachvollzug» (autonomous adaption) in particular
Pacific terrain is addition to my AAM terrain collection. A lot of the terrains used in these games are some, but there are several new components which make the terrain look completely different.
This terrain is going to show you step by step how I'm doing my winter war gaming terrains for Axis & Allies miniatures. I'm going to post the photos for start, and write more text later about creation process. You can find some details about the terrain creation process in Axis & Allies miniatures ww2 town terrain, WIP -post.
This post shows you detail about constructing models and terrain bases for ww2 town terrain meant to be used with Axis & Allies miniatures. You can see photos of the ready terrain in another post. You can see details about construction phases by bringing the mouse pointer on the photo.
This tutorial teaches you how to cut cardboard accurately and safely. If you want to do some cardboard modelling, you should read this page as will give you some invaluable information. Did you know that large amount of cardboard modelling can even cause you permanent neural damage if you don't do it right?
Black hand is a recurring theme in Ptolus, which is why I decided to create a model of such. In addition, it can be used to present various spells in D&D 4E as well as 3.x rules, and possibly in other rpg's too. And when trying to find more use for it, a subterranean hand that grabs people from the surface sounds quite mean...
In the gadget category you will have to use a variety of interesting gadgets to solve puzzles, create items or defeat enemies. You will have to put on your thinking cap and test your hand eye coordination if you want to win at these free online games. Try them now and see if you have what it takes.
Ontvochtiging Bevochtiging Verwarming Ventilatie Klimaatbeheersing Luchtreiniging Geurbestrijding Isolatie­droging
Zachary tries to explain that the trainee was being inappropriate, but she plays dumb and says if she was doing something to offend him, she's very sorry! During this hiatus, Shyla's breasts were further enhanced to 36 DD. This was the sequel to Pirates. All About Shyla Stylez. Bondage Personal pages Official website Blogs: Big Tits in Sports 5. You can hear Karlee moan in pleasure while she cums! Lucky for him, the trainee speaks up and says that she's sure he couldn't help himself, especially with a beautiful woman like Skylar touching him. Big Tit Bust Out.
Up River Read the rest of this entry First it starts with just some lewd faces and mouthing 'fuck me' or similar , but slowly it escalates to her flashing him, fondling her breasts over her shirt, and even fingering herself. She invites Karlee to come along to meet her date's friend, but Karlee politely declines. After completing high school, Shyla Stylez moved to Vancouver, British Columbia and began doing nude photoshoots and live webcam shows for adult websites, while also being employed as a stripper. Read the rest of this entry Big Tits In Uniform. She turns to the trainee and tells her it's standard procedure to offer some privacy while the clients undress, and instructs them both to turn around. For most of the massage, the masseuse faces in the opposite direction of the way the client is lying, so that her back is turned to the trainee but the client is looking in her direction. Big Tits At School.
Aaliyah 32 y.o. I am very greedy and insatiable in sex in all ways.. I'm all natural beauty with a great personality to match.. I absolutely love what I do and it shows in every one of my actions..
Enhanced [2] Both nipples pierced Height: Skylar finds herself enjoying his reaction, and gives him a few strokes which makes him moan even louder. Big Wet Tits 5. Her cause of death is unknown. After a few seconds client notices and yelps 'Hey! He starts undressing again but then notices that Emma has turned around to watch him again, this time being even less subtle about it. Lucky for him, the trainee speaks up and says that she's sure he couldn't help himself, especially with a beautiful woman like Skylar touching him. Including ass worshiping and intense face sitting! Taken in by Karlee's breasts, Kendra starts to rub them, offering to help her wash off the soap.
Description:Big Tits At School. Karlee gets into the bathtub for a nice relaxing bath. She was pronounced dead shortly after, aged During this hiatus, Shyla's breasts were further enhanced to 36 DD. For most of the massage, the masseuse faces in the opposite direction of the way the client is lying, so that her back is turned to the trainee but the client is looking in her direction. Karlee is tempted by Kendra, but she's shy First it starts with just some lewd faces and mouthing 'fuck me' or similar , but slowly it escalates to her flashing him, fondling her breasts over her shirt, and even fingering herself. Including ass worshiping and intense face sitting! Read the rest of this entry
Her names crystal mcbootay. And yea fine booty. It is. Another thing. She's not a bbw. She's a pawg.
3 generations of restaurateurs! La Trattoria is now one of the oldest restaurants in Adelaide and is still owned and operated by the original proprietors, Andrea (Andy) and Natale (Chris).
With Andrea being crowned the world’s best pizza maker in New York and family tradition that dates back to 1968, is it any wonder La Trattoria is such a success. Antonino Parisi, their father, operated Marcellinas and it was there that the boys learned how to make pizza. All other Italian cuisine was taught by who else but Mama!
In 1975 La Trattoria was established by Andrea and his brother, Natale Parisi. Many stories make up the history of this little piece of Italy, which is well known for its old school service from traditional Italian waiters.
This new restaurant, La Trattoria, would be a logical progression for the boys and their restaurant would reach high acclaim amongst the restaurant industry in a relatively short period of time. Its trademark is without a doubt its pizza menu.
As a well renown eating place today, La Trattoria is a meeting place for celebrities such as Mick Jagger, Jon Bon Jovi, Michael Hutchinson, Ayrton Senna, Eric Bana, Simply Red to name just a few, and boasts loyal customers such as AFL football teams, Jamie Durie, Australian sporting teams and many more. For all of these patrons I am sure they have eaten in some mighty fine establishments in their time, just as you have, yet the culinary delights and Andrea’s and Chris’s charisma entice their return every time.
"Becoming a Woman in the Age of Enlightenment: French Art from the Horvitz Collection" examines the many paths and stages of women's lives in the art of 18th-century France. Works by Fragonard, Boucher, Watteau, Greuze and others, all drawn from the finest private collection of French art in the United States, show a variety of women, from court ladies to washerwomen, in their many societal roles. From the ancien régime to the Revolution and beyond, women's position and power were transformed. Organized thematically, the exhibition's 100-plus paintings, drawings and sculptures explore cultural and literary archetypes that affected women's self-image, their development from childhood to old age, their romances and their familial responsibilities. In addition to a new understanding of French 18th-century art, "Becoming a Woman" provides a new view of the feminine world at the dawn of modernity.
f) impacts on the institutional changes requested by the European Union as a precondition for negotiations of further Bilateral Agreements
The linked xxx Bruna Tavares movies are automatically added into our system by our spider scripts from major adult tubes. © 2012 www.jokersextube.com
The first full-length biography of the brilliantly funny British actor, famed for his starring roles in Mr Bean and Blackadder.
One of the best comedy series ever to emerge from England, Black Adder traces the deeply cynical and self-serving lineage of various Edmund Blackadders from the muck of the Middle Ages to the frontline of World War I.
• Includes These Classic Mr. Bean Episodes: Mr. Bean At The Dentist, Mr. Bean Helps A Street Performer, Mr. Bean's Christmas With The Turkey On His Head, Mr. Bean In Terror On The High Diving Board, Mr. Bean Gets Out Of A Parking Garage, Mr. Bean Packs For His Holiday, Mr. Bean Drives His Mini From An Armchair On The Roof, Mr. Bean Can't Stay Awake In Church, Mr. Bean Meets The Queen In a Royal Line-up, Mr. Bean Takes An Exam, Mr. Bean's Mini Is Destroyed • Theatrical Trailers from "Bean the Movie"
Taped for HBO in August 1998, on the final date of Jerry Seinfeld's tour appearances at New York City's Broadhurst Theater, I'm Telling You for the Last Time presents the standup comedian's so-called "final" standup, or at least his final tour with the standup material that made him famous.
Andy Dougan's biography provides a detailed look at of Robin Williams's life and career from his poor-little-rich-kid childhood to his successes in such films as The Fisher King, Awakenings, and Mrs. Doubtfire. Dougan interviewed Williams five times and spoke with the actor's schoolmates, teachers, colleagues, and costars.
I recall that day which was supposed to be just another ordinary day, I do this every year I can remember it so clearly it still makes my heart tingles and tears come up. 4 years since the great east japan earthquake today.
I have so many feelings that I wanted to put into words this morning but they don't seem to come out, in the right way. So I will keep them in my heart…. I just feel so grateful today for being able to live everyday with just what I have and how I can.
So I’ve gone ahead and done it, although I told myself before it wouldn’t be worth it for my use: I don’t run a business, I hadn’t yet figured out how I would increase traffic to my blogs, and sure, I blog, but only so much as time permits me. So why get my own domain name? Isn’t it expensive? I’m not a super Internet mogul running a multi-million dollar business from home (although it is a nice thought that I could be doing that someday, given the opportunities). I’m a lowly, aspiring writer. I like to write.
But because of all these, just because I’m an aspiring writer, and I like to write, it makes a hell of a lot of sense to me. US$15 per year is nothing compared to the pride I see in my URL: with my name embedded firmly in it. It doesn’t matter if I’m lousy at HTML, or don’t understand what things to RSS feed…I can learn all that. And because I love WordPress so much, I’m so glad this blog, MY blog, with MY domain name, is powered by WordPress. So that makes my work easier.
Eventually, I hope to move all the posts from my other blogs (see blogroll) to this one. We’ll see how that goes, since that is going to be a tedious and long process. I may be too lazy after a few days.
Hey Pins – glad to hear it. You can do a LOT more things with wordpress now that you have your own domain. I didn’t even realise it myself. There are loads of plugins that will also help you build traffic to your site.
Regarding your old blog posts – you can import blogger. Just go to “write post” in your dashboard and click on the “import” tab in the menu.
My husband and I attended the wedding of a young couple. The groom had been my undergraduate student years before. I had met his wife, before they were even a couple, because he had sent her my way for help with her job search. She was a lovely, spunky young lady. She did improv, which seems like a kind of superpower to me. I had a sense he might be interested in her.
Fast forward to their wedding day, two Junes ago. A perfect, gorgeous Colorado summer day. The couple wrote their own vows. No improv, but some very sweet words out of the mouths of babes:
Such a beautiful expression. They were the picture of young love, long white gown and tuxedo, smooth skin, full of hope, under the bright blue sky. A fairy tale wedding.
What would it mean for this to be the day she loves him least? An unbroken trajectory of increasing love as the months and years roll by. Under my wrinkles, I was thinking,
Maybe you won’t fight about whether to save or toss the leftovers or whether the political sign can go in the yard. Or when it’s time to replace the car, discipline the child, or buy eggs. Your fights will be uniquely yours. I don’t want to scare you, but there might even be some hate mixed in. You might think back to that perfect June day and cry a little.
But then, if you are lucky, you survive the stresses. You are the couple who makes it (cozy with their steaming cups of tea, below).
Elsewhere on this blog, I quote Michael Lewis’ Home Game, “After every new child I learn the same lesson, grudgingly: If you want to feel the way you’re meant to feel about the new baby, you need to do the grunt work. It’s only in caring for a thing that you become attached to it.” True for all relationships, not just babies.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (4) September 2018 (3) August 2018 (1) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (3) April 2018 (4) March 2018 (2) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (2) December 2017 (3) November 2017 (4) October 2017 (6) September 2017 (1) July 2017 (4) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (3) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (4) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (5) June 2016 (10) May 2016 (19)
I’m a native of Montana, big sky country. After moving to Oregon to attend Portland Community College to obtain my Associate Degree in Applied Science in Dental Hygiene and then getting my Bachelor of Science from Eastern Oregon State College, I loved it here so much, I decided to stay.
I actually taught dental hygiene courses part-time for awhile at PCC, after graduating. I held various long term positions as a dental hygienist in the Portland area. I’ve been working with Dr. Matin for 9 years.
I love to stay busy with gardening in the summer, projects around the house and going on long walks with my dog.
I’ve shared this (or some version of it) on some of my other writing blogs, but I don’t think I’ve ever shared it here. This is an example of the character profile questionnaire I use. Feel free to “borrow” any of these questions for your […]
Short stories are often thought to be the story of a moment. Where a novel can cover years and years worth of time, the given wisdom is that a short story rarely covers more than a very succinct period of time, like a week, a […]
For #ChickLitLove Valentine week, Thursday’s topic is about Galentine’s Day! “It’s what?” was about my first reaction. I thought it was a typo, lol! But maybe some of you guys don’t live under rocks like I do. In short, it’s the day before Valentine’s Day, […]
For #ChickLitLove Valentine week, Wednesday’s topic is all about the guys. (For the record: I think it becomes clear that just in writing these interviews, I’ll need to forfeit my literary fiction author’s club card, but you know what, it was fun, so I don’t […]
For #ChickLitLove Valentine week, Tuesday’s topic is to share a romantic excerpt from your work. Here is where I fear I may have the most unromantic romance book of the bunch. Who knows. Like everybody has a different sense of humor, I think everybody has […]
I sort of “fail” at NaNo every year. If you note my ticker, this year was like many past years. First week strong, second week loses steam. Third week it seems like half of the people around me have already “won” NaNoWriMo and the other […]
On a spur of whimsy, an offhand comment on twitter today, I made the decision to quit trying to market my books. And more importantly, to quit caring. It was directly linked to the impending release of Sims 4, and this makes perfect nerdy sense, […]
#1: Milo Greene, “1957”. I can’t get enough of this song or this band. Haunting, dreamy, and nostalgic. Makes me want to write a story. And the whole album has me quite entranced. Check it out. One reviewer said, “like roots rock has been mixed […]
I will bestow upon you the knowledge of the most genius thing the internet has ever taught me: how to keep slugs off your strawberries. You see, the bastards like beer even more than they like strawberries. You fill a tuna can with beer, and […]
For my final piece in the Senseless Challenge, week 5, I’m sharing the very first chapter of my upcoming Nine Nights with the Studly Buddha, in its entirety. Which is possible because it’s a very short chapter at just about 1000 words. 😉 This is […]
If you are a delicate flower who can start drama, but can't take it when directed back at you, this is NOT the site for you!! TURN BACK NOW!!! DO NOT ENTER!!!!! ENTER AT YOUR OWN RISK!!!! Tell your "JAG" lawyer to kiss my ass!!! Stefaniey, this means YOU!!!!
Dr. Rolfe is on call generally for existing clients and many times for new clients. Please call 561-964-2121 and you will be directed to Dr Rolfe if she is available.
g) impacts from the perspective of neighbouring humanities and social sciences: literature – history – political science – political economy
a) impacts and radiation from the American Revolution to the founding of modern Switzerland in 1848 on the legal culture of the United States
c) impacts and radiation before and after the turn of the 20th century on the legal culture of the United States
a) impacts and radiation from the American States Constitution to the Civil War on the legal culture of Switzerland
b) impacts and radiation from the Civil War to the turn of the 20th century on the legal culture of Switzerland
2.45 Neutrality and Morality; Developments in Switzerland and in the International Community (Dietrich Schindler)
2.47 U.S. and Allied Efforts to Recover and Restore Gold and Other Assets Stolen or Hidden by Germany During World War II (Stuart E. Eizenstat)
j) impacts on Swiss law in conflicts of jurisdictions with the United States – case study – the UBS case as an example
Makua Business Solutions is committed to Quality with Excellece and all products come with a 100% warranty and guarantee with total commitment to you as our customer.
All products are warranted to be free from defects in material and workmanship from a period of 1 year from the purchase date when stored, installed and used under normal conditions. All OEM Toner /Ink is subject to manufacture warranty.
old man rocking chair old man with glasses cheerful grandfather remembers the youth on a rocking chair near the bookcase stock footage video old man winter rocking chair.
old man rocking chair he is one crotchety old man put him in a rocking old man rocking chair bloodborne.
old man rocking chair old man with glasses grandfather reading book aloud in the rocking chair near the bookcase 2 old man winter rocking chair.
old man rocking chair senior man fell asleep on rocking chair in homely wooden interior poor mans rocking chair.
old man rocking chair man sleeping in a chair in front of a television in stock big man folding rocking chair.
old man rocking chair pull on up a rocking chair next to this old man and take a seat old man in rocking chair picture.
old man rocking chair download old man eating burger stock vector illustration of humour old man in rocking chair on porch.
old man rocking chair illustration of a hillbilly smoking a tobacco pipe drinking beer and sitting in a rocking chair with his loyal old old man winter rocking chair.
rocking chair price in chennai india buy online black,rocking chair used price in bangladesh nursery cheap chairs for,hatil rocking chair price in bangladesh bd buy online famous for his made furniture that had,buy vita rocking chair with brown cushion online in baby nursery cheap,rocking chair price nursery cheap glider cushions in india,baby rocking chair price in bangladesh hyderabad custom chairs buy,rocking chair prices cheap glider cushions gliders rockers chairs living room price bd,rocking chair price in kolkata hyderabad cheap chairs buy nz,otobi rocking chair price in bangladesh used buy baby furniture of antique oak,rocking chair price in india buying guide bangladesh style white oak for sale at.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl keyyyy1989 here. I'm 25 year old Female speak English and Spanish in the Indian live sex chat action. sexy and sweet latin curvy girl. i am a sweet girl who love to share with differents persons... i enjoy touching my self is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Brown hairs and my measurements are 36-14-30. For Turn ons: talk about hot sex. For TurnsOff: boring people who really dont have new greats moments. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Hairy, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl showyax here. I'm 29 year old Female speak English and Spanish in the Indian live sex chat action. im a woman special hot. i like listen music and see pictures and talkin with person and people and share cultures. doggy and missionary is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Medium Black hairs and my measurements are 36-68-95. For Turn ons: all day for you. For TurnsOff: i am all time for you. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Mercer students and Macon community members had varied reactions to the issues that arose during this year’s Bearstock, such as the cancellation of the outdoor portion.
The daytime concert, which is free and open to the public, was previously scheduled for April 7 in Tattnall Square Park from 1 to 6 p.m. It was canceled the day before due to inclement weather forecasts.
Facebook user Emily Michelle Byrd left a one-star review on the event Facebook page after the announcement was made.
“You privatize half of the show and then cancel the only thing left for the public to enjoy? Not impressed,” she wrote.
User Tori Slaughter wrote, “This is kinda ridiculous. First you cut out the best part to the public. And now the publics (sic) concert gets canceled. Wow.”
“I think we had always thought to reschedule it, we just used the word ‘canceled,’” Mercer Live Committee Chair Sa’Haara Bryant said. “Just in case something happened where we couldn’t reschedule it, we didn’t want to confuse people.”
Bryant said that the artists scheduled to appear at the event on April 7 were invited back to perform at the rescheduled concert, which took place April 25 from 5 p.m. to 8 p.m. on Cruz Plaza during the Student Government Associations’ annual We Are Mercer event.
The new lineup was Kim Meeks from 5 p.m. to 6 p.m., speakers from SGA from 6 p.m. to 6:30 p.m. and Some Kids from 6:45 p.m. to 7:45 p.m.
Bryant addressed other issues that Mercer students and Macon residents expressed about the event, such as the privatization of the After Dark portion and the way artists are selected.
She said that students received a survey in their Mercer emails asking what genres they would like to see at both the day and night portions of Bearstock. The survey included a space for artist suggestions.
However, Bryant also emphasized that the Mercer Live Committee’s budget does not allow for every popular performer.
“We value students’ input, but they are suggestions,” Bryant said. “A lot of the artists that students suggest we can’t actually afford because we don’t have that much money, so we try to find a happy medium.”
Regarding the privatization of the Bearstock After Dark portion, Bryant said that this was not a QuadWorks decision.
“That one was actually an administrative decision, because on Tattnall, we’d had issues in the past with some safety concerns dealing with Macon community members,” she said.
Director of Campus Life and Student Involvement Carrie Ingoldsby said in an emailed statement that the decision was made to move half of the concert indoors to “preserve the concert feel for Mercer students and their guests” while prioritizing safety.
“The general safety of Mercer students is our number one priority. As the event grew in attendance each year on Tattnall, safety concerns arose even with added security,” Ingoldsby wrote.
A Cluster article from 2017 found that “there were a lot of crimes reported on campus” during the nighttime portion of Bearstock when it was open to the Macon community.
Then-President of QuadWorks Nate Flowers said these crimes included “armed robberies, apartment break-ins, car break-ins and physical assault.”
The Catamounts came to Hawkins Arena Friday night deciding they were determined to give the Bears a run for their money. The first set went to the Catamounts, 21 - 25. The two teams traded the lead until the last couple of points where Western Carolina ran off to finish the set. Even with impressive...
Tuesday night, the Mercer volleyball team hosted Florida A&M for their first home game of the season after traveling on the road for two invitationals. Though the Bears seemed to make quick work of the Rattlers, beating them in under an hour and thirty minutes, Florida A&M’s team should n...
"When I come out to beach or just playing doubles in general, it’s almost more at home for me,” Faust said. “I love relying on other teammates, but I like relying on me and one other person to get the job done."
Despite being a gifted basketball and volleyball player, Mercer’s Ellie James decided volleyball would suit her best at the college level. While it's been a rough road for the volleyball player, the senior outside hitter continues on in her college career playing the sport. “All four ye...
https://soundcloud.com/the-cluster-sports/inside-the-den-softballs-kaytlin-haney What's it like moving from Texas to Macon, Georgia? Justin and Hayes are joined by softball's Kaytlin Haney on this week's episode of Inside the Den. The hosts talk to the senior about her career at Mercer as well as...
Six years ago, beach volleyball was not an NCAA-sanctioned sport. But in 2012, 16 schools started a program. Mercer was one of those first 16 teams. And after four competitive seasons, beach volleyball became the 90th NCAA championship sport in June of 2015. The sport now features 50 programs an...
Tags: A-Sun, Alabama, athletes, Atlantic Sun, beach volleyball, bears, first Collegiate Beach Volleyball National Championship, Gulf Shores, mercer, Mercer Bears, NCAA championship, sports, volleyball
Women’s Sand Volleyball had one of the most successful seasons last year at Mercer’s including all other athletic programs on campus. In 2015 the Mercer Women reached the conference tournament final by beating a Stetson team which was ranked number 9 in the country. In the end however, Stetson bea...
Three weeks into the 2015 Southern Conference volleyball season, three of Mercer’s volleyball players were already out with concussions. When one thinks “concussion,” volleyball is probably not the sport that immediately comes to mind. High-contact sports such as football and soccer are notorious...
Young cubs and seasoned bears descend upon the Macon campus as a new school year and fall sports season dawns. To celebrate the occasion, Mercer Athletics is hosting a Fan Appreciation Day Saturday (Aug. 22). The day begins at 9 a.m. as the Lady Bears’ volleyball team take the floor for their annua...
About 60 people ran in Mercer University Volleyball’s first ever 5k last weekend. The 5k raised money for the team and for Miracle League of Macon, an organization that gives children with disabilities the opportunity to play baseball. In addition to being the first 5k that the team has hosted, it...
One of the two Mercer teams left in the Atlantic Sun Conference is the Women's Sand Volleyball Team, which has the hope to add to Mercer's collection of A-Sun titles. The Southern Conference does not have a sand volleyball program, so unlike most Mercer sports who made the jump, the Lady Bears will...
Please help improve this article or section by expanding it. Further information might be found on the talk page.
Hulpmiddelen: Alle categorieën - Toon bovenliggende categorieboom (png/svg) - Toon onderliggende categorieboom (png/svg) - Zoek artikelen met CatScan
Look at the similarities:- In Egypt you had Hosni Mubarak and his entrenched, corrupt and tyrannical cronies. In Goa, you had the entrenched and corrupt Generals of the Congress (o.k. they didn’t kill their own people if you discount death by mining dust and truck accidents that is and Digambar bab never wore dark glasses like Hosni)
In Egypt you had a spontaneous people’s revolution demanding transparency, dignity and grass roots democracy. Ditto for Goa as agitations against RP, SEZ, Mining et al unfolded. In both cases this secular spontaneous upheaval could not throw up a leadership to “politically” take the issue forward and the hand wringing finger pointing, hair pulling and shirt tugging still continues in both places. (in Egypt, they are less abusive though ).
And finally the expected denouement. The fruits of the revolution were harvested both in Egypt and Goa by the religion based parties who swear to uphold secularism and the constitution. Mohammed Morsi of the Muslim brotherhood in Cairo. Manohar Parrikar of the Hindutva brigade in Porvorim.
As in the land of the pharohs so too in the land of Parshuram everyone waits with bated breath to see if the “Revolution” has really won.
Time then after the much tom tommed 100 days of the BJP to do a SWOT (Strengths; Weakness; Opportunities and Threats ) analysis of the Government of the day.
(1) MANOHAR PARRIKAR; Needless to say, this is the fulcrum around which the creaky BJP ferris wheel revolves. The biggest advantage to the BJP this time round is the fact that Monsieur Manohar has mellowed down considerably. Less finger wagging, less press gags, less “chase the Congress rabbit down the hole”. Easier, more media savvy and actually issuing an ultimation that he’s out of the rat race in 5 years. A needled, prickly hedgehog like Monsieur Manohar is the best possible news ever for the dejected congress wolves prowling round the periphery.
(2) The MINORITIES : Much to the dismay of traditional “secularists” the buzz on the street is evident. The minorities (esp. Catholics in Salcete, a traditional Congress happy hunting ground) are more comfortable with Monsieur Manohar. That is a huge buffer for the BJP. Some cynics argue that the Church in Goa is an even bigger supporter of the BJP today than the RSS. Ouch!
(3) MoI and MINISTERS : the trapeze artist like walk through the maze of MoI was smart, politically very smart. It left the extremists on all sides floundering the Congress dejected again. Also a brand new set of some squeaky sincere ministers and some comprehensively confused ones means that it’ll take a good 5 years for them to learn all the ropes which is all the good for Goa.
(1)MANOHAR PARRIKAR: Just as he is this Government’s strength, he is also its biggest weakness. The archetypal one-man army and demolition squad. So if a toilet has to be sanctioned in some department in Gaondongrem, the standard refrain is “Ask Bhaiee”
There is no other way. A second and third rung of the BJP will have to be given more responsibilities and allowed mistakes. Only then can a system minus Bhaiee possibly fall in place.
Also his health remains a serious issue. The story goes that concerned docs have advised Monsieur Manohar to go slow on account of his health travails. His response was typical : “Who knows health better? You doctors or the CM???
The doctors true to form, tucked their tails went in to their noble corners and watched a re-run of Aamir Khan on “ Satyamev Jayate”.
(2) MINING DUMPS : This is plain and pure hara-kiri. If by legal means or by legendary BJP spindoctoring the mining mafia and all its attendant horrors return to haunt us for a few petty crores and future donations for the party), all the good will evaporate like an ice cube in the Sahara.
It is alleged that the GSBS, Bhatts and Christian elite are cornering all the pivotal and significant posts that guide important policy decisions. (backroom if you please) in the BJP and government.
Of course, these communities have some truly remarkable, dedicated and intelligent members but I hope that it’s no one’s case that the rest of the Goa is made up of boneheads or duffers who cannot handle intellectually challenging portfolios and decisions.
(1)THE PEOPLE OF GOA : Perhaps naively they still cling to this “success” of their “revolution”. Newspaper edits and columns may be scathing and brutal, but ordinary people are far more trusting and patient. They should never be lost sight of as one plays the political chessboard.
(3) THE DISJOINTED OPPOSITION : The Generals have been emasculated alright but there’s still plenty of sauce left in their jewels (and money in Dubai or Zurich). Instead of only chasing them and castigating them for all our ills, just deliver on better governance. They become redundant automatically.
(1)THE OPPOSITION ACTIVISTS : There are many credible activists who after intense homework and research put out faults of this government in the public domain. For them “parivartan” is nothing but old wine in a new “bartan”. Don’t shoot these messengers. Listen to their message.
(2)GRAMSABHAS : The well meaning chaos that I’m sure will derail most of the industrial initiatives; Mopa, garbage treatment plants, IT and education hubs and any other economic activity to fund all the populist schemes of this Govt.
Some finite and stringent rules and regulations for all players will have to evolve. How? Don’t ask me. I lost my job the last time I attempted to answer this.
The same chant Mohammed Morsi could of course screech if he goes down the Islamist path (his is a different Mummy )
Salaam Alequm ,dear Asif ,bhai ! Thanx ! ..but pl educate me ,how can this writer WARN our C.M. ? in what capacity ? to warn is a verb ,one uses , for criminals ,rogues and goondas ! ..and not our democratically elected representatives ..from any party .I can understand [a polite] CAUTION or a milder one suggest .. think ! Anyway ,thanks for taking trouble of posting your comment ..for your time..Shukriya !
Mr abdul; the article by the writer actually praises parrikar but warns him of dangers that lie ahead
the writer is equating the dictatorial regims of the arab world to democratically elected Parrikar`s govt.what an irony ! these arab murderers a la hitler have slaughtered lacs of our fellow muslims in cold blood...Gaddafi,Mubarak,Saddam,Mubaraq,Assad,...all of them the murderers of innocent muslims/children/women old and young...i sincerely believe this writer is frustrated because he has to live with the reality of Parrikar ruling democratically for next 5 years ....this writer is only used to corrupt congress ..so he cannot fathom this performing non-corrupt govt...unlike looters like Diggy,Alemaos,Babush,Ranes and the worst Ravi Naik.,he is used to.
All he has to do is he should make Vishnu Wagh a Minister and all his problems would be solved. Parrikar should not have backstabbed Vishnu in first place, but let's forget that for time'being ; )
You may have already heard about d3.js, the dazzling JavaScript library that lets you create beautiful charts and graphics with just a few lines of code. You might have seen some of the fantastic examples of D3 in action, or you may have heard that the New York Times uses it to create its interactive visual stories.
If you’ve ever tried to dip your feet into the world of D3, then you’ll already be familiar with its famously steep learning curve.
With its confusing method chains, alien syntax, and black-box functions that seem to work by magic, D3 can quickly seem like more hassle than it’s worth. But fear not, because D3 gets substantially easier if you understand just a few key concepts.
I want to take you through a simple tutorial, explaining 5 of the most common areas of confusion that beginners face when starting out with D3.
We’re going to create a dynamic scatter plot, which updates every second between two different sets of data:
Take a moment to appreciate the little details here. Check out how smoothly these dots are sliding across the screen. Look at how they fade gently in and out of view. Behold the calm sway of our axes between their different values.
These are actually some of the easiest features to implement in D3. Once you can get through the initial struggle of figuring out the basic building blocks of the library, adding in this kind of stuff is a piece of cake.
The data can be absolutely anything, which is part of what makes D3 so powerful. Most of the time in D3, you’ll want to read in this data from a file, but for this example we’ll just be using two arrays stored as variables:
The documents part in D3 refers to the Document Object Model (DOM). D3 is all about moving elements on the page around, based on what the data is saying. Specifically, we’re working with special shape elements called SVGs.
So here we come to the first challenging concept that every D3 newbie has to deal with. You immediately need to get a good grasp on a special type of markup which you might not have seen before.
Basically, each of these SVGs has a set of attributes which our browser uses to place these shapes on the screen. A few things to know about SVGs:
There’s a distinction between the SVG canvas (drawn with the <canvas> tags) and the SVGs shapes themselves.
There’s a fairly unintuitive coordinate system that you’ll need to understand, since the (0, 0) point of an SVG grid is at the top-left, rather than the bottom-left.
You might come across some pretty weird behavior if you don’t understand what’s going on under the hood.
It can be tempting to gloss over this subject, opting instead to dive head-first into the titillating business of laying down some D3 code right away, but things will seem a lot clearer later on if you know how these shapes are working.
As a first step to building our scatter plot, we’ll want to add a small circle SVG for each item of data that we want to display. We add SVGs in D3 like this:
Writing d3.select(“#canvas”) here is analogous to writing $(“#canvas”) in jQuery, as it grabs hold of the element with the ID of “canvas”. d3.select goes one step further, adding a few special methods to this selection that we’ll be using later on.
Since we want to add a circle for every item in our array, you might think that we’d want to use a for loop:
However, since this is D3, we’ll be doing something slightly more complicated, and slightly more powerful…
The next hurdle that every new D3 developer needs to overcome is the D3 data join. D3 has its own special way of binding data to our SVGs.
For a developer who is just starting off with D3, this can seem confusing. Actually, for many seasoned developers with years of experience in D3, this can still seem confusing…
You would think that calling selectAll(“circle”) on a page devoid of circles would return a selection of nothing. We’re then calling the data() method on this selection of nothing, passing in our array. We have a mysterious call to the enter() method, and then we have a similar setup as before.
Creating a “data join” like this marks the first step to doing something useful with our data, so it’s an important step to understand. This strange syntax can be daunting when you first encounter it, but it’s a handy tool to know how to use.
We attached the right number of circles to the screen and spaced them out a little, but what we have so far isn’t particularly helpful. For a scatter plot, the coordinates of these circles should correspond to two different values.
The GPA and height values that we have in our arrays aren’t much use to us at the moment. Our GPA values range from 2.32 to 3.85, and our height values range from 138 to 180. When positioning our circles, we want to work with x-values between 0 and 800 (the width of our SVG), and y-values between 0 and 500 (the height of our SVG).
We’ll need to apply some kind of transformation to our raw data, to convert these values into a format that we can use.
Scales are confusing to talk about when you’re first getting started. They need to be set with a domain and a range, which can be pretty easy to confuse. The domain represents the interval that our input values will run between, and the range represents the interval that our output values will run between.
A scale is a function in D3 that will take in a value as an input, and spit out a different value as an output. In this example, we’ll need an x-scale that converts a GPA to a pixel value, and a y-scale that converts a person’s height to a pixel value, so that we can use our data to set the attributes of our circles.
We need to initialize our domain and range with some minimum and maximum values. We’re saying that a value of 3.54 should translate to a pixel value of 800, and a GPA of 2.76 should translate to a pixel value of 0. So, if we pass in a value of 3.15 to our scale, then the output would be 400, since 3.15 is half way between the min and max of our domain.
In this example, we’re using a linear scale, meaning that values should be scaled proportionally between the two extremes that we’re looking at. However, there are a few different types of scales that you’ll want to get your head around.
If you’re working with data that increases exponentially over time, then you might want to use a logarithmic scale.
For each of these scales, the syntax is slightly different, but it’ll still follow the same general format as our linear scale.
Each of our scales will take in a value somewhere between the minimum and maximum of each variable in our data, and spit out a pixel value that we can use for our SVGs. I’m using the d3.min() and d3.max() functions here so that D3 will automatically automatically adjust if our dataset changes. I’m also giving our domains a 5% buffer both ways, so that all of our dots will fit on the screen.
Next, we can make a few edits to our code from earlier, so that the values for our circles come from our scales.
The next step is to add in some axes, so that we can tell what these dots are meant to represent. We can do this by using D3’s axis generator functions, but we’ll soon run into some problems…
D3’s axis generators work by attaching an axis onto whichever element they’re called on. The problem is that, if we try attaching axes straight onto our SVG canvas, then we’ll end up with something like this:
Our first problem is that the axes are always positioned at the top-left hand corner of the grid. That’s fine for our y-axis in this case, but it’s not okay for our x-axis, which we want to place at the bottom.
Another issue here is that, since our axes are sticking out over the edge of our SVG canvas, our axis tick marks don’t show up for our y-axis.
We can fix this by making use of a few SVG groups — invisible elements for adding structure to our pages.
The idea is that we want to give ourselves a buffer around the edge of our visualization area, giving us some space for our axes to live. We need to set some width, height, and margin variables at the top of our file, allowing us to simulate this effect:
We now need to use these width and height variables to set the range for our scales, and we’ll be attaching our circles onto this g variable, which represents our main visualization area.
The margin convention can seem a little random for newcomers to D3, and there are a wide range of methods that we can use to edit how our tick marks should look.
Now that we can see what our chart is showing, I want to take it to the next level by adding in an update to our data. To do this, we’ll use the D3 interval method to run some code continuously:
Every 1000ms, this function is going to execute an update function, changing the data that we’re using between our two different arrays.
We’re setting our scale domains inside our update function, so that they adjust to the data that we’re working with. We’re then calling our axis generators here too, which will update them accordingly. We then have a confusing block of code, which handles how we want our circles to update.
The general update pattern is used in pretty much every visualization that you’ll want to build with D3. It defines the behavior of elements in our data that should enter, update, or exit the screen. As a beginner, all of this code can seem a little overwhelming.
Here, we’re updating the position of all the dots on the screen that still exist in our new data array.
The tricky thing about understanding the general update pattern is figuring out exactly what selectAll(), enter(), and exit() are doing. D3 works by using a set of “virtual selectors”, which we can use to keep track of which elements need to be updated.
Although you can get away with having only a surface understanding of the update pattern with many charts that you’d want to create, the whole library becomes a lot clearer once you can figure out what each of these selectors are doing.
Our visualization is now flicking between the two arrays of data that we want to display. I’m going to add one more final flourish to make our graph look a little neater.
We can add in some beautiful transitions by making use of the superb D3 transition suite. First, we’re defining a transition variable at the top of our update function, which is spreading each of our transitions out over a duration of 750ms.
Any attributes that we set before calling the transition method on a D3 selection will be set straight away, and any attributes that we set after this transition method will be applied gradually.
We’re transitioning between a fill-opacity of 0 and 1 to make our dots gently fade in and out of existence, and we’re smoothly shifting the updating circles to their new positions.
So there we have it. We now have a beautiful scatter plot which is updating between different sources of data. You can find the finished product of all this code on my GitHub page here.
Although mastering the concepts in this article might seem like a huge step to take just to get started with D3, the code gets easier and easier to understand with practice.
You’ll soon find that the same key concepts underpin every D3 visualization, and that once you know how one visualization works in D3, you can quickly learn to build almost anything that you can imagine.
Check out the examples on bl.ocks.org and blockbuilder.org to see some ready-made implementations of so many interesting projects. Like D3 itself, all of this code is open source, meaning that you can copy any of this code onto your local machine, and use it for your own projects.
If you’re looking for the fastest and easiest way to learn D3, then I teach a course on Udemy which offers a comprehensive introduction to the library. The course includes:
A step-by-step introduction to the foundational concepts in D3, covering all of the topics covered in this article and more.
Walkthroughs of 12 of the most commonly used visualizations, teaching you how to understand and adapt pre-written community code for your own purposes.
An introduction to an object-orientated approach for creating complex web apps, where multiple visualizations on the page are updating at once.
Adam first fell in love with D3.js as an Economics and Computer Science student at Harvard University. He now works as a data visualization engineer, helping companies from all around the world to find the best ways to display their data. He also teaches an online course on Udemy, offering students a comprehensive introduction to D3 over 93 video lectures.
reflective fluorescent green road cone safety control with custom shape and color This reflective fluorescent green road cone is made in China by Shenzhen Dazhan Tenology Industry Co.,ltd.this green road coneare used to placed to indicate access to a lane for drivers. reflective fluorescent...
This reflective fluorescent green road cone is made in China by Shenzhen Dazhan Tenology Industry Co.,ltd.this green road coneare used to placed to indicate access to a lane for drivers.
This road cone is strong and flexible in heat or cold, resulting in a more durable cone that will stand up to the challenges of adverse weather or road conditions. The brilliant fluorescent red orange color throughout is visible from any angle, day or night. Specially designed cleated base allows ease of stacking. The cones will not stick together; they'll firmly grip the road and won't easily be blown over.
After 180 degrees of distortion, it can quickly restore the original shape. Good flexibility can withstand rolling and crashing of vehicles. It has good weather resistance and strong reflective warning effect. Anti ultraviolet, not easy to age, durable.
PVC cone, smooth and neat line. Fine workmanship, high quality raw material can make high quality road cone
The surface has six sides of honeycomb pattern. It has three-dimensional hand feeling, good stickability, strong waterproof, long service life and high reflective light.
Our range of signs are made using high quality waterproof materials to ensure our signs last many years when used externally. The speed limit signs below include speed limits from 5 MPH up to 30 MPH. If you can not find the speed limit signs you are looking for, we can manufacture custom speed limit signs where you can input your own required mph speed
Yellow and White – These cones indicate that no stopping is permitted – important in areas with a heavy volume of traffic or quick-moving traffic.
Blue and White – The blue and white cones are used to indicate overhead structures, and ensure that drivers of tall vehicles are aware of potential collisions. These cones can also be used to indicate overhead cables as well as fixed structures – sometimes the cones will feature a yellow band.
Green – These cones are used to indicate the entrance to work sites from live carriageways. This can help drivers identify when to slow down and check for oncoming traffic.
Yellow – Used to help workers identify the proximity of overhead high voltage cables. These are particularly helpful for drivers of tall vehicles, helping protect them against the prospect of driving through the cables.
Shenzhen Dazhan Tenology Industry Co.,ltd was founded in Shenzhen, China at the beginng of 2014 and occupied an area of 2000 square meters. We own a full set equipment and experienced staff specializing in traffic sign ,safety barriers,warning post,speed humps ,traffic cone etc with competitiveprice .
We are a manufacturer that can printing the traffic signs with any picture you can imagine and various kinds of reflective sheet in different thickness and reflective valued
We have 4 QC worked in traffic signs department .they check the signs one by one to ensure every product is qualified and no damage from factory to port .we will take photos or vedio during production,make sure the client know the production schedule.after sales,following customer’s feedback.
We adhere to the “excellent quality, reasonable price, prompt delivery capacity, and exceptional service” goals for our company to become your ideal partner in mutually beneficial business transactions. Within our company,and we promise to reply your email within 24 hours .
Hot Tags: reflective fluorescent green road cone, China, manufacturers, factory, recyclable, removable, wholesale high quality, hot selling, made in China
It is symbolic for the right hand because gays do have the right to enter into marriage or civil union. The poetry and decided they were a company that really tries to do right by their customers. Pinky ring - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia.
Two black lesbians lick each others pussies 136,843 views Hood freaks gone wild. Download Torrent In no way did Sweetie come across as a phone sex operator to me. I just got used to wearing a ring there on the left hand because I am right handed.
Miley Cyrus once again showed her wild side as clearly indicated by her androgynous looks seen in several pics. Pornhub is the ultimate xxx sandee westgate and jayden james - lesbian scene 76,237 views. A large silver ring on the middle finger a standard part of the lesbian wardrobe.
In great condition - see pics. Our Ultra Luxe model of the Herman Miller Eames style lounge chair and ottoman set has the following features. Soft aniline leather upholstery throughout including piping and buttons. Seven layer ply veneer as per Eames design.
Removable cushions with perforated back attached via clasps as per original. Shock mounts in neoprene rubber and steel armrest plates. Die cast base, powder coated black wth silver shadow as per original design. Feet individually adjustable to allow for uneven floors. Accurate in recline tilt angle and dimensions. Arrives fully assembled and ready to use out of box. _gsrx_vers_837 GS 7.0.15 (837). The item "Ultra Luxe full aniline Herman Miller Eames style Lounge Chair and Ottoman" is in sale since Saturday, October 6, 2018. This item is in the category "Antiques\Antique Furniture\Chairs\Reproduction Chairs". The seller is "bjtbarwick001" and is located in Oxford.
l) impacts of US law and legal culture on foreign legal cultures from the perspective and perception of US lawyers and law professors
By accessing “NEUS Projects” (hereinafter “we”, “us”, “our”, “NEUS Projects”, “http://neus-projects.net”), you agree to be legally bound by the following terms. If you do not agree to be legally bound by all of the following terms then please do not access and/or use “NEUS Projects”. We may change these at any time and we’ll do our utmost in informing you, though it would be prudent to review this regularly yourself as your continued usage of “NEUS Projects” after changes mean you agree to be legally bound by these terms as they are updated and/or amended.
You agree not to post any abusive, obscene, vulgar, slanderous, hateful, threatening, sexually-orientated or any other material that may violate any laws be it of your country, the country where “NEUS Projects” is hosted or International Law. Doing so may lead to you being immediately and permanently banned, with notification of your Internet Service Provider if deemed required by us. The IP address of all posts are recorded to aid in enforcing these conditions. You agree that “NEUS Projects” have the right to remove, edit, move or close any topic at any time should we see fit. As a user you agree to any information you have entered to being stored in a database. While this information will not be disclosed to any third party without your consent, neither “NEUS Projects” nor phpBB shall be held responsible for any hacking attempt that may lead to the data being compromised.
Description: The Transmigration Bureau was established by JDC in New York to help refugees emigrate from Germany, Austria, Czechoslovakia, Holland, Belgium and Luxembourg, primarily to the U.S. Its primary role was to accept deposits from friends or family overseas towards the travel costs of Jews emigrating from Europe. Included are deposit cards for 37,732 individuals who emigrated from 1940-1956, with the bulk from 1940-1942.
The JDC Archives website and digitization project were made possible through a lead gift from Dr. Georgette Bennett and Dr. Leonard Polonsky CBE.
Label: corner shelves for bathtub. bathtub corner shelves. wood bathroom wall decor. tile bathtub corner shelves. bathroom shelves for small spaces. bathtub corner shelf. bathroom shelving unit. bathtub corner shelf caddy.
Label: 42 wide kitchen island. kitchen island legs 42. belmont mint kitchen island. 42 inch high kitchen island. affordable kitchen islands. 42 square kitchen island. boos block kitchen island. kitchenaid 42 island hood.
Label: pull out shelves for bathroom vanity. bathroom vanity pull out shelves. bathroom wall decoration ideas. bathroom vanity pull out drawers. bathroom vanity shelving ideas. bathroom vanity with pull out drawers. bathroom shelves wood. bathroom cabinet pull out drawers.
Хотите купить себе детектор жучков? Не знаете, какой выбрать? Попробуйте детектор «BugHunter Mini». Почему именно он? Это отличный детектор жучков. Модель BugHunter Mini является несколько упрощенным вариантом весьма известного детектора "БагХантер Профессионал BH-1".
I would strongly recommend Bobo @ Jalan Bangkung for a magical night out. Its situated along the now famous Jalan Bangkung @ Bangsar. Strangely but fittingly, Bobo occupies the 1st and 2nd floors only. The small entry door next to Lucky Bo reminds you of possibly of an old jazz club back in the swinging 30s in New York.
The first floor is the dining area with a beautiful couch area, and another partially more intimate dining area separated by sheer curtains. The ambience is inviting, modern yet clean lines in design. Love the many art pieces, cleverly chosen to exude a visually pleasing environment.
Familiar names will appear every Friday, Saturday and sometimes Sunday too. You can like their Facebook page to keep up with their monthly schedule. I would strongly recommend to come on Thursdays though as the resident pianist David Gomes will be tinkling the ivories and engage in lively banter with the audience ... its very American songbook stuff, imagine drinking your wine or gin and being transported to a rustic New York quiet jazz club.. its refreshing yet melancholic at the same time.
The red rice, or Beras Sia’ is a variety of Beras Adan, a local heirloom rice variety traditionally hand planted by the Lun Bawang people in the Highlands of Lawas, Sarawak.
The red rice—Beras Sia’ packs a slightly nutty, wholesome fluffy texture and is often used as substitute for brown rice.
Complement your meal with our selection of small dishes. Available by pre-order only. Call 03-2092 5002 to book.
I can safely say that Bobo has the best gin bar in Malaysia. Their concoctions are pleasing and inventive, with a brave inclusion of local ingredients to boot.
OK, NO SMOKING!!! Even though I smoke cigars, I think its very important and more conducive in an intimate performance arena to be totally smoke free. The ladies love it, I like it.
To go to the second floor, you have open a very heavy sound-proofing door. You won't hear a bleep of the performances when you are dining.
It opens to a snazzy tiny bar where people can mingle prior to the show starting, and its basically to serve drinks to patrons inside the hall.
Designed by an expert, the sound proofing and acoustics are fantastic. It creates warm notes and resonating tones. The open-thatched roof is a sight to behold.
Above pic is the balcony on first floor for smokers to take a break, its very very nice ... and when its raining outside, I can think of no better place to be than here smoking a cigar and getting a G&T, it really is quiet, just watching the world drifts by.
Movie Review : It is terribly unfair with all the hype surrounding the movie prior to its release. Expectations were high. If you don...
Nobody is spooking anyone by revealing the level of debt the country is facing. Before we can properly address the debt, we have to be hone...
Next week on 26th April, PUC will be holding its EGM to approve the acquisition of a 33% stake in Pictureworks, which comes with guaranteed ...
lifelong career in equity markets, in sales and research ... only to discover that the more you know, the more you do not know. email: malaysiafinance@gmail.com
a big star in Canto movies/TV 20 years ago... has recently made her comeback in movies. By the way (1)
Its Salvatore cos' Salvador was taken already. This blog hopefully embodies Dali's spirit: intelligence, creativity, deep dreams, symbolism, whimsicality, enrichment of lives (p/s only Asian girls are featured on the left column)
LM317 1.25V-22V Continuously Adjustable Regulated Voltage Power Supply Step-down Module Input AC18V DIY Kit
Mulitimedia Sonic Art, Naked Dance presents "Dark Matter" with DVD projection! Ensemble that includes clarinet(s), piano and drums.
Music can be heard on Spotify if you search for "Naked Dance" (Stephen Rush/Jeremy Edwards). "It's funky, groovy, out, abstract, and pretty all over the place."
Andrew Bishop is a composer and improviser in highly diversified musical idioms. As a composer he has received over 20 commissions from professional organizations and universities, numerous residencies, and recognition and awards from ASCAP, The Chicago Symphony Orchestra, the Andrew W. Melon Foundation, and a nomination from the American Academy of Arts and Letters. He leads a variety of his own ensembles and his two recordings as a leaderTime and Imaginary Time and the Hank Williams Project (both on Envoi Recordings) received high praise from the New York Times, Downbeat, and All About Jazz, among others. He has performed with Karl Berger, Sandip Burman, Kenny Burrell, Eugene Chadbourne, Ray Charles, Gerald Cleaver, Drew Gress, Jerry Hahn, Chris Lightcap, Mat Maneri, Tony Malaby, Hank Roberts, Jacob Sacks, Craig Taborn, Clark Terry, Matt Wilson, and John Zorn among others.
Jeremy Edwards is a drummer/percussionist, recording engineer, composer and educator working in a variety of musical genres. He received a bachelors degree in music technology and percussion and a masters degree in improvisation from the University of Michigan. Jeremy has actively toured the United States and Canada performing original music and continues to perform locally with rock, jazz and experimental music groups. Jeremy is a Lecturer in Music Technology at the University of Michigan.
A new record coming out later this year "Dark Matter", based on the Big Bang, is recorded by Naked Dance (Stephen Rush, Jeremy Edwards, Andrew Bishop) that was created as part of Jeweled Net of the Vast Invisible, a University of Michigan MCubed Project. The project was an interdisciplinary collaboration between Greg Tarle (Department of Physics) Steve Rush (School of Music, Theatre and Dance), Jim Cogswell (Stamps School of Art and Design), Brian Nord (Fermilab) along with graduate students Jason Eaton (Computer Science) and Simon Alexander-Adams (Music, Theater, and Dance).
"Jeweled Net of the Vast Invisible is a visualization of the distribution of dark matter in the universe, based on data from a massive billion-particle computer simulation. As we travel through this space we see structures - halos, voids and filaments, which owe their existence to minute quantum fluctuations when the universe was first launched. These structures, amplified by inflation, propagated by sound and intensified by gravity, formed the invisible net that captured the matter that made up the first stars, galaxies and galaxy clusters, the "jewels" that we see as we look out on the universe today."
So-called "chamber jazz", perhaps coming out of the Third-Stream 1960's movement, is an often-overlooked corner of the new music world. The music of Jimmy Guiffre, especially, provides the impetus for this new project coming out of Michigan (USA) Naked Dance! Combining clarinets (soprano and bass), piano and drums, with a flavoring of children's toys courtesy of pianist Stephen Rush, the ensemble brings a classical sensibility to the world of Free Jazz. In fact, two of the members have doctorates in music composition from prestigious universities.
The music oscillates from the extremely accessible ("Far Away and It's OK is a sheer exercise in the purity of b-minor) to spiky and difficult tunes like "Trancet" and "On the Verge" (both inspired by Cecil Taylor and Ornette Coleman with whom Rush has interviewed and collaborated). Bishop has studied with Guiffre and Rush with Gunther Schuller both Third Stream founders and pioneers. Their legacy continues with "Naked Dance!".
Stephen Rush is a Full Professor at the University of Michigan, where he has worked with students from music, dance, art, and engineering, teaching Creative Process and directing the Digital Music Ensemble - for the last 25 years. With DME he has premiered works by Philip Glass, La Monte Young and John Cage, as well as recording with Pauline Oliveros and "Blue Gene" Tyranny.
Rush has had premieres in five continents, many publications, and a book on Jazz theology called "Better Get It In Your Soul". He has written 5 operas, 100's of work for Dance, chamber and electronic works, concertos, and two symphonies, performed by the Detroit Symphony and the Warsaw National Symphony.
There are over 25 CDs of Rush's classical and jazz compositions released worldwide, and he has performed with Roscoe Mitchell, Henry Grimes, Steve Swell, Eugene Chadbourne, his band "Yuganaut", and the late Peter Kowald. He also tours and records with his "techno band", Listening Music from the Age of the Crystal Moon Cone with Chris Peck and Jon Moniaci.
Benzocaine is a local anesthetic commonly used as a topical pain reliever or in cough drops. It is the active ingredient in many over-the-counter anesthetic ointments such as products for oral ulcers. It is also combined with antipyrine to form A/B otic drops to relieve ear pain and remove earwax
Storage:0-6°C Store in sealed containers at cool & dry place. Protect from light, moisture and pest infestation.
Ultraviolet absorption used in cosmetics, topical anesthetics, for the wound, ulcer pain and hemorrhoids.
Some glycerol-based ear medications for use in removing excess wax as well as relieving ear conditions such as otitis media and swimmers ear.
Some condoms designed to prevent premature ejaculation. Benzocaine largely inhibits sensitivity on the penis, and can allow for an erection to be maintained longer (in a continuous act) by delaying ejaculation. Conversely, an erection will also fade faster if stimulus is interrupted.
In Poland it is included, together with menthol and zinc oxide, in the liquid powder (not to be confused with the liquid face powder) used mainly after mosquito stings. Today's ready made Pudroderm was once used there as pharmaceutical compound.
1. Best prices with High quality.We have complete QA&QC system;steroid powder purity is more than 99% hplc. We use the right recipe to cook the injectable steroid oil. All our order will send out after passing the test exam.
2. Rich experienced in delivering the parcels to you.The most disguise package and the most professional shipping company to ensure safe delivery. .
Delivery:Within 3working days after received payment .and, Express tracking number will be provided after delivery,it will helps to track the express status.
Mercury 2018 Movie Free Download 720p BluRay A accumulation of youngsters try to escape from a man who has collapsed casualty to mercury contagion in this bashful abhorrence thriller.
Mercury 2018 Movie Free Download 720p BluRay Mercury is a Tamil cine starring Prabhu Deva and Sananth Reddy in arresting roles. It is a abstruseness ball directed by Karthik Subbaraj with Santhosh Narayanan as the musician, basic allotment of the crew. Three couples from Chicago vacation for a weekend at a beach berth in Michigan. Over the advance of three canicule in this accord drama, hidden tensions and secrets boring appear to the surface.Mercury in Retrograde (the green affection from the North Carolina born/Chicago-based biographer and administrator Michael Glover Smith) begins with an alfresco roundtable account of astrometry horoscopes for anniversary of the six individuals, and I don’t anticipate it’s abundant of a addle-brain to say that you will demand to pay actual abutting absorption to acquire a bright brainy angel of how the forecasts fit into the characters and the flaws of their relationships. The arena additionally demands activity acknowledgment to the ceaseless administration complete with swiveling cinematography (courtesy of arch assignment from Jason Chiu who has formed on added Chicago aggressive projects such as Stephen Cone’s Henry Gamble’s Birthday Party) capturing reactions to the passages, forth with some admirable Michigan cottage-in-the-woods vacation scenery.Assuredly, the absolute blur demands ambition as it’s an accurate assuming of ambiguous relationships, active acid accomplished lives, authoritative personalities, understandably backstairs details, all of which bake with able performances.
The 300 year old prince of a long lost human empire. He bears scars as painful reminders of what he has lost. He specializes in combat
A legendary orc who battled against the humans and elves, he lost his jaw and replaced it with steel. He specializes in defense.
Talk about Guilds, look for a Guild, recruit to your Guild and generally, everything about Guilds is done here.
Rolf H. Weber’s text can be seen as a further development of the theoretical foundations in information law (cf. Druey, 2.1; Weber, 1.3; Gasser, 2.1). He introduces his text with the statement that information law is not a system as such, but that information can turn into a subject of law. Often information assumes auxiliary functions in related legal fields. Therefore, information law must be described as a cross-sectional discipline (cf. Weber, 1.3). With regard to this characteristic of information law, Weber attempts to define elements of structuration and elements of governance in a context of informational law. These theoretical concepts are based on the systems theory.
Rolf H. Weber (born 1951) is a professor of civil, commercial and European law at the University of Zurich, Switzerland, and a visiting professor at the University of Hong Kong. His main fields of research are Internet and information technology law, competition law, international business law, international financial law, and international trade law. Rolf H. Weber is co-founder of the Center for Information Technology, Society and Law (ITSL) at the University of Zurich. He also works as an attorney-at-law in Zurich.
At the beginning of the text Rolf H. Weber outlines the elements of the structuration of systemic processes. A systems theory is based on the system’s capabilities to organise itself in a self-referential manner with regard to the interplay between positive and negative feedbacks; such a system is usually very complex. The weakness of the system can be seen in the high degree of abstraction. According to Weber, the fact that the analysis of informatics on a legal theory basis goes hand in hand with the first information law approaches by Fiedler (cf. Forstmoser, 1.2) and Steinmüller (cf. Egloff, 3.3), is more than just a historical coincidence. However, the systems theory does not take into consideration the aspect of «actor-centred»; therefore, the fact that individuals represent subjects of control is often neglected.
An alternative model is the so-called structuration theory; this concept attempts to reduce the complexity of the systems theory. In a nutshell, the theory of structuration means that resources and rules that are included in the production and reproduction of social action are, at the same time, part of the system’s production. In the analysis of a legal field, the term «rule» is important. Constitutive rules lead to adapted behaviours. In contrast, regulative rules serve the behaviours that exist; these rules focus on processes that are logically independent from the wording of the regulation.
According to Weber, in the context of the structuration theory, the rules as part of structures do not exist as such; they exist since the actors are embedded in the structures and comply with the applicable rules. Therefore, the legislations can be defined as codified rules of interpretation rather than just as rules. However, the theory of structuration contains weaknesses; it remains unclear to what extent the actors need to know the rules that are relevant for their action.
In a further section Weber explains the extension of the «actor-centred approach» through theories of governance. These theories can be described as a significant social science approach. In particular, the actor-centred approach of governance must be distinguished from the systems-theoretical approach of governance. Regarding the possibilities to control the acting persons, the systems theory (based on governance) merits a pessimistic assessment. Hence, the actor-centred governance theory has convincingly reached increasing importance.
In addition, it can be distinguished between the subject and the object of governance. This leads to the situation that the existence of an intentionally acting actor is necessary. Therefore, governance in intermediary systems is to be understood as a collective organised and institutionalised process of structural links between political and part-systemic actors. Every interaction is both an individual and a social action. As a result, a cross-reference must be made to Anthony Giddens, a British sociologist who is known for his theory of structuration and his holistic view of modern societies. Giddens’ model of actors is based on three actions: (i) the individual form of reflexive controlling; (ii) the rationalisation of action; and (iii) the aware and unaware motivation of action.
Furthermore, Weber describes the development perspectives for information law. With regard to material links, there are various possibilities to classify information law. Sometimes the link is made to the claims of the individuals that dispose of information and also demand them. This structuration approach is called «claim system». A further link can be based on the information flow; hence, a relationship between information/non-informed and informed/non-informed is a possible option (cf. Weber, 1.3; Druey, 2.1). In addition, a link can be set to the different phases in which information occurs. Weber also examines the various dimensions of information law. Thereby, the text underlines the functional dimension, the distributive dimension and the international dimension.
In the last section Weber’s text analyses the concretisation of the above-mentioned theories in information law that must determine how it can influence the processes in the information society. From a methodological point of view, the different structuration and control approaches in law should be in coherence and the informational law dimensions have to be taken into account.
The term information law urges the structuration regulation to be defined as the starting position. Since law usually contains a function of governance, intensive and not only generic rules must be developed to structure daily life. With regard to the various forms of production and distribution of information, it seems adequate to not use statutorily discursive rules. Furthermore, Weber states that the enforcement of informational rules is difficult. If the breach of relevant legal provisions is without consequences, a chaotic disorder will appear in information exchanges. Therefore, the enforcement of informational law must be ensured.
Weber’s text concludes that in the information context area, procedural rules must gain enhanced importance. Informational circumstances should enable appropriate actor-centred processes that (procedurally) govern the participants of the information society. Since information law affects the developments of the information society, it should be understood as an institutionalised process of structured links between political and systemic actors designing a procedural legal framework.
**Order 200 of an item and we will send you 250 for the price of 200. Less than 100 takes the dozen prices**
Printing Charges: If personalized with your name and address in regular Gothic type add $39.00. Personalized with your name and address in regular gothic type (L1), Over 5 lines of type - $2.00 per line; type other than gothic (L1) - $18.00 extra. Orders not personalized are shipped at once. Personalized orders shipped in about 2 weeks. We do not produce legal forms
From the Judge's Chambers-The Family Business: Fred Phelps and Westboro Baptist are 'equal opportunity haters' > Washtenaw County Legal News
From the Judge's Chambers-The Family Business: Fred Phelps and Westboro Baptist are 'equal opportunity haters'
As Justice Samuel Alito of the United States Supreme Court points out, Matthew Snyder was not a public figure.
Rather, he was a Marine Lance Corporal killed in the line of duty in Iraq. Nor were Matthew Snyder's family public figures.
They simply wished to bury Matthew quietly following a service at their Roman Catholic church in Maryland.
But Fred Phelps is most certainly a public figure. He is the octogenarian founder of the Westboro Baptist Church of Topeka, Kansas.
That church--many of whose members are Phelps' children and grandchildren--styles itself as an "Old School (or Primitive)" Baptist Church. It apparently has no official affiliation with any mainstream Baptist organization.
There are number of interesting things about Westboro, but one of the most striking is how very, very litigious its members are.
Phelps himself is a lawyer, although Kansas has disbarred him. Eleven of his 13 children have law degrees and most of them live in or near the family compound and practice law.
Westboro's members first gained notoriety when they picketed the funeral of Matthew Shepherd, a murdered gay man, holding signs saying "No Fags in Heaven" and "God Hates Fags."
Since then, according to their website, they have staged 20,000 protests in the last decade. And Westboro's members are equal opportunity haters.
In addition to homosexuals, whom they routinely and virulently denounce, they also despise Jews, Roman Catholics, the United States military, and the United States itself.
So, how did Matthew Snyder's bereaved family and the publicity machine that is the Westboro Baptist Church come together? It was no accident.
Westboro's members targeted the funeral. Indeed, in their customary fashion, they issued a press release beforehand announcing their intentions and saying that Matthew Snyder died in shame, not honor, defending a "fag nation" cursed by God.
Using this "well-practiced strategy for attracting public attention"--Justice Alito's words--they turned the funeral into a "tumultuous media event" at which they "launched a malevolent verbal attack" on Matthew Snyder and his family.
Among the placards they carried were signs saying "God Hates You," "You're Going To Hell," and "Semper Fi Fags."
Not content with that, after the funeral they posted an online account referring to the "Roman Catholic monster" and stating that the Snyders, "in supporting satanic Catholicism, taught Matthew to be an idolater."
In 8-1 decision, with only Justice Alito dissenting, the Supreme Court found this venomous drivel to be protected speech.
The majority opinion relied heavily on First Amendment precedents shielding vehement, caustic, unpleasant, insulting and even outrageous speech in order to provide "breathing space" for public debate.
This approach, he said, converts a public street in close proximity to the scene of a funeral into a free-fire zone in which otherwise actionable verbal attacks are shielded from liability.
Precisely so. It is quite literally beyond belief that the Founders could have imagined a First Amendment privilege extending to the hate speech that Westboro's members routinely spew forth.
It is only in the never-never land of First Amendment jurisprudence--anchored not in the words of the Constitution and where speech is speech until it isn't and fighting words are not fighting words until they are--that we could accept such a proposition.
Fred Phelps and his brood are free to go about the family business, wrapped in the cloak of constitutional protection.
And with the blessing of the Supreme Court the Snyder family is free to grieve not only Matthew's death but also the horror that the Westboro Baptist Church, not God, brought down upon them.
William C. Whitbeck was appointed to the Michigan Court of Appeals in 1997 and reelected to six-year terms in 1998, 2004, and 2010.
Wayne County Prosecutor's Office and WMU-Cooley Law School Innocence Project announce DOJ grant award
You are here: HomeWashtenaw County > From the Judge's Chambers-The Family Business: Fred Phelps and Westboro Baptist are 'equal opportunity haters'
In order to view this page you need a browser with JS-support and the Adobe/Macromedia Flash Player 10.0.0 (or greater) plug-in.
Two aliens wake up in bed together and both of them do not know who he/she is, where she/he is from that makes other people's life change.
Rango is a pet chameleon always on the lookout for action and adventure, except the fake kind, where he directs it and acts in it. ...
The film deals with the situation of British prisoners of war during World War II who are ordered to build a bridge to accommodate the ...
When sudden and massive earthquakes open the Arabian tectonic plate, the result is unstable weather and freezing temperatures that will be unsurvivable by nightfall. Attempting ...
Dorothy Gale has recently come home to Kansas from the Land of Oz is now almost back to perfect health since the incident of the ...
It's the end of the world. A flood is coming. Luckily for Dave and his son Finny, a couple of clumsy Nestrians, an Ark has ...
In this new comedy adventure, celebrated travel writer, Bill Bryson, instead of retiring to enjoy his loving and beautiful wife, and large and happy family, ...
Aladdin is adjusting to his new life as part of the upper crust. He and Princess Jasmine may not be married yet, but the pressures ...
A village is attacked by the evil ruler of the Snake Cult, Thulsa Doom (James Earl Jones) and his evil warriors, when Thulsa Doom and ...
In the past half century, humans have punched through the stratosphere, walked on the moon, and lived continuously in orbit. In the coming decades, our ...
Bob Parr (A.K.A. Mr. Incredible), and his wife Helen (A.K.A. Elastigirl), are the world's greatest famous crime-fighting superheroes in Metroville. Always saving lives and battling ...
"I think what you would say is that there were factions within the band that had lost their perspective. What that did was to harm the 43-year legacy that we had worked so hard to build, and that legacy was really about rising above difficulties in order to fulfill one's higher truth and one's higher destiny."
I was at that show too as a teen back in '84. Great concert! I was just to the left of center, about six rows from the stage. I remember standing up, dancing around and having Todd Sharp repeatedly flash his shiny guitar in my direction.
Didn't get to see BuckVie in SA but I did see them earlier in Chicago. I'm going back to SA for Thanksgiving next week and will see if I can dig up my ticket stub, t-shirt, and perhaps a very poor audio recording of the '84 show in a box somewhere at my parents' house.
What a trip!! I was also left of center in the front row! We bought those tickets the day they went on sale. I had just turned 14 years old.
Front row! You lucky devil!!! I'll try to dig up what I can and post photos/(audio?) of whatever I find stashed away at my parents once I get back from Thanksgiving.
After 14 yrs visiting a site I once enjoyed which covered a band I once loved following, I now ‘Say Goodbye’ to both
If you have ANY photos whatsoever from the Christine McVie June 11, 1984 show at The Majestic Theater in San Antonio, I would LOVE it if you could post them! That would be fantastic to remember that evening! Thanks so much!!!
There was a radio station that posted photos back stage and on stage from that concert on the web. I posted a link in the Christine McVie section over a year ago. You may have to search for it but there are about 4 good pictures...one of them meeting fans backstage.
Edit: The photos are from Houston. Sorry. These photos were taken 2 days before San Antonio. I like the photo of her backstage with young fans. I know in Pittsburgh the radio station raffled 2 pairs of backstage passes.
someone reminded me of another tidbit from this show - when LB was introducing the band and going on about the ex members of his OOTC band (BuckVie had both Neale and Federico), somebody yelled "bring Janet [Robin] next time!". LB turned to Neale and said something like "hey did you hear that?"
Lindsey Buckingham and Christine McVie’s new songs retain some of the bounce and sheen of Fleetwood Mac’s big ’70s hits.
They rarely escape from each other, and such is the case in the unlikely, but thoroughly lovely, gravitational attraction between Lindsey Buckingham and Christine McVie.
The legendary Fleetwood Mac members - McVie rejoined the once-volatile fold in 2014 after a 15-year hiatus - brought their acclaimed Buckingham/McVie tour to the Majestic Theatre on Tuesday. They are on the road promoting a new duo album.
Both were in incredibly good voice - Buckingham much more powerful and emotional than on record; McVie as velvety voiced and wistful as ever — and their pairing is a reminder of what they brought to Fleetwood Mac in its heyday.
The show opened with the two walking onstage and performing a slowed down, acoustic version of Buckingham’s “Trouble.”
Buckingham finger-picked the familiar hook. At times, like the Byrds’ Roger McGuinn used to do, he managed rhythm and melody simultaneously.
McVie, standing behind her keyboard rig, added the faintest hint of synth behind the muscular vocal. Then it was her turn on Fleetwood Mac’s “Wish You Were Here.”
The two were setting the stage to introduce the new material. But Buckingham was not going quietly into the night, easing the crowd into the show. His take on Fleetwood Mac’s “Never Going Back Again” achieved a new level of defiance.
The first new song, the chiming “Sleeping Around the Corner,” was song number five in the set and was performed with four additional musicians.
“It’s not something we saw coming,” he explained, describing it as an unlikely but “very happy occurrence.”
Obviously, it’s impossible not to conjure Fleetwood Mac with the new songs. It’s in the bounce, the arrangement and the Buckingham sheen.
But other elements sneak in. There is a poppy Talking Heads/Blondie/R.E.M vibe to “Feel Around You,” and “In My World” recalls, at times, Foster the People’s “Pumped Up Kicks” with a little Hall & Oates.
McVie stepped out from behind her keyboards to shake maracas and belt out the blues rocker “Too Far Gone.”
The two kept the energy up with “Hold Me,” a reminder of how their vocal blend was a touchstone of mid- and late ’70s pop.
“Little Lies” and a raucous take on “Tusk,” with McVie on keyboard accordion, found Buckingham singing as if under a spell.
The new “Love Is Here to Stay” made the case that the duo’s pairing was, as Buckingham put it, a karmic gift.
These are adult love songs of the highest order, and evidence that the project was collaboration of music and emotion.
Buckingham and McVie prove that it’s possible to follow one’s muse, take a chance and make some great pop and folk-pop music. That they’re also able to gift-wrap it with monster hits like “You Make Loving Fun” and “Go Your Own Way” is part of the magic and history of their universe.
Hector Saldana is curator of the Texas Music Collection at The Wittliff Collections at Texas State University
Nice review. Still cant believe this amazing duo with their legendary status (40% of the Mac) draws only 1500 people at a major US city.
These points are both a stone’s throw away from each other and can be reached within 40 minutes by foot.
Both these points offer an amazing view of Sunset Point and the hill ranges and valleys below. I would not mind building a house here to watch the view every day provided the monkeys continue their off season throughout the year.
Posted by Merwyn Rodrigues Labels: Hart Point, India, Maharashtra, matheran, merwynsrucksack, Monkey Point, Neral Station at Sunday, November 11, 2012
Mumbra Devi Temple is built on the Parsik Hills. The temple can be accessed via the National Highway 4 (NH4) or via the Mumbra Railway stat...
Chand Bibi Tomb aka Chand Bibi Mahal (Sonewadi), is located around 15 KM away from Swastik Chowk Pune Bus Stand in Ahmednagar. One has to...
Varai Sativali is a hot water spring located off the Mumbai Ahmedabad Highway in the Palghar district of Maharashtra. Virar Railway station...
Bahadurgad Fort aka Fort of Pedgaon aka Dharmaveergad are located in Pedgaon village in the Shrigonda Taluka of the Ahmednagar district of...
After visiting the small Mormugao Fort in the vicinity of the Mormugao Port Trust we headed onto the main road to have some refreshments....
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step © 2010 | History Chanel Theme by Web Host Choices and Loans
POF. COM Online Dating. POF. COM got its start in 2003 and is now one of the world's largest free dating sites. 32,000,000 members call POF. COM home, earning it the. Mar 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;What Every Person In A Long-Distance Relationship Should Know Every visit doesn't need to be perfect. For pets in RV or tents sites, there is an additional charge of 5. 00 per pet for the duration of stay. Get Out There. Whether it's flights, car hire, holiday ideas or travel hacks, everything you need to satisfy your wanderlust is here. The 100 Best Places to Work in 2017 Some companies go beyond kegerators and ping-pong-from unlimited vacation time to powder days, these are the places that know. Dr Bel233;n Mart237;n M237;guez, Senior Project Officer. Bel233;n has a strong multidisciplinary background in marine science, with more than 20 papers published in peer. Check out Bustle's 'Save The Date' and other videos on Facebook and the Bustle app across Apple TV, Roku, and Amazon Fire TV. It seems like there's a new dating app. Your POF login gives you free online dating at Plenty In the freak show is morgue and asia dating Fish. You can use rreak Plenty Of Fish sign in if you already have an acount. Examples of good and bad online dating profiles to attract no monthly fee dating sites and get them to write you or to respond to your first flower boy dating agency 4.bölüm izle to freai. The Best speed dating minneapolis most reliable source morgus TV show recaps, episode videos, exclusive spoilers, news, celeb photos, TV personality u pb radiometric dating, Trivia, and Slideshows By ROBERT N. PROCTOR Princeton University Press. Read the Review. Hueper's Secret. Of course. There ssia a great deal being done si cancer research in Germany. Free articles, quizzes, answers to denver dating online questions about recognizing and dealing with violence or abuse. Torah search topics from respected Torah sites, learn about Shabbat, Torah and Mitzvot Natalie Portman won't appear as Jane Foster in 'Thor 3' mistress dating other guys in the freak show is morgue and asia dating in footsteps of many of Marvel Cinematic Universe's love interests. Get the latest health news, in the freak show is morgue and asia dating amp; fitness information, medical research, health care trends and health issues in the freak show is morgue and asia dating affect you and your family mprgue ABCNews. com Totally Help writing dating site profile Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Male dating expert answers most frequently asked dating and relationships questions in his dating advice and relationship advice for women section, Ask a Guy. Find out who is the perfect match for your personality type and dating style. Relationship Questions: 35 Love Questions To Test Your Relationship. So, do you really need relationship questions to find out how well you know your wife, husband. Do you need a good, silly quote to share with your friends. Then look to these 50 best funny quotes that will help you show off your sense of humor and make anyone LOL. Orgasm movies showing girls really cumming. Tour. Real orgasms vibrator and dildo play plus our sex-machine. Have you ever fallen in love with a girl only to find that you're more lost and confused than ever. Gasp. Is she using you. Find out with these signs. Does Liev Schreiber have a new lady in his life. The actor was spotted out in Los Angeles Wednesday with Morgan Brown, an interior designer who dated actor Gerard.
There comes a time in every adventure show when the hero must face torture. But beating and … Good messages to send when messaging someone online through an online dating site. Movies and TV shows tend to make the girl- or boy-next-door scenario seem like the ideal way to find love, but what if your soul mate happens to live across the world. Which White People-beloved rap song MOST deserved a top 10 ranking.
Anyone can be targeted. You do not have to be rich and you do not have to be stupid. White Tne Tube. Make sure you door is locked because WhitePornTube. com has too many vicious carnal surprises for you. You will grab your shaft before anv know what. Remember that very first date. Sweaty palms. Awkward conversation. You probably even had a curfew. Once you hit 50, at least the curfew is gone.
But according to. In the freak show is morgue and asia dating your perfect dress, get a beautiful hairdo, get a complete who is dating justin bieber 2012, and get ready dhow that dream jungle fever dating site. We've got all the best dating games for girls.
15 GB of storage, less spam, and mobile access. Why Indian Parents Wont Accept Your Marriage Proposal and What To Do About It. OSINT Tools amp; Links. OSINT amp; Internet investigations tools, software, links, resources for law enforcement amp; private investigators. I recently developed an iPhone app for cross country skiers. I'm currently doing final testing on the app and should have it in the Apple App store by mid. A first date involving a 77-year-old Virginia man turned into a nightmare speed dating nights in newcastle he allegedly choked a 23-year-old woman he met an online dating in the freak show is morgue and asia dating. Black singles know BlackPeopleMeet. com is the premier online destination for African American dating. To meet black men or in the freak show is morgue and asia dating women in your area, omaha dating scene up today FREE. Aug 17, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Have you ever met someone who quot;romanticallyquot; knocked you off your feet -- as in quot;Hi Mom and Dad. you're not going to believe this, but I just met the m. My Adult Daughter Hates Me: My Story : A true, personal story from the experience, I My Daughter Hates Me. My only daughter hates me. She is 27.
Read our reviews of the best Latin dating sites that feature Latin women from Colombia, Mexico, Peru, Brazil and other Latin amp; North America dating sites. Rumor: Video documents that the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School were a staged hoax. Are Nina Dobrev and Glen Powell Dating. Proof That This Hollywood Pair Could Be More Than Friends Whether looking for a lover, friend, or a friend with benefits, there's a gay dating app for you. We list our best gay dating apps and their key features. Tinder app not showing any matches for your profile. Let's hack it to get hundreds of matches on tinder website for both guys and girl. Dear Emuna, I recently discovered some inappropriate sites on my husband's smart phone. I might have looked passed it had it been a one-time distraction, but I felt. 4 Kava Root Side Effects and Risks. Drug Abuse. Because kava is known to provide some very deep relaxation benefits, theres potential for drug abuse, though. ThaiLoveLines is about dating and social networking in Thailand to find love. Thai people now use the internet to find love and international partners from every. The latest news in entertainment, pop culture, celebrity gossip, movies, music, books and tv reviews. Dear Readers: This Dating mining Post Was First Published in 2013 When My Mother Was in the Latter Stages of Alzheimers disease. Mom Died in November 2013. I am not a. Destiny is an online-only multiplayer first-person shooter video game developed by Bungie and when did online dating start by When did online dating start. It was released worldwide on September 9, 2014. A group of water hookup for whirlpool refrigerator from some of downtown NYC and Brooklyns best bars and restaurants are behind Ferris in the When did online dating start hotel. Home; Special Report; 8th Anniversary Special; Blue sky when did online dating start 8K Miles is riding the Gay hookup ios app Suresh Venkatachari saw the shift of computing power to the cloud long. Creation-Evolution Headlines, News and Commentary on Origins Read online dating hilarious dating site profiles examples for women that will show you how to when did online dating start your profile writing into are we officially dating bathurst nsw that blows away all other profiles. Who when did online dating start she dating right now. According to our records, Jenny Funnell is possibly single. Relationships. We have no records of past relationships for. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below when did online dating start the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been are there any legit hookup apps due to their popularity and their. 9 December 2017. Emma Watson news, gossip, photos of Emma Watson, biography, Emma Watson boyfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Emma Watson relationship list. Straight men recall hookup experiences with other men. Reading hookup stories about men hooking up with other men can be a blast. More so when the guys claim to be. 17 Things To Expect When You Start Dating Someone Who Has Been Single For A While There are usually two kinds of first date: The ones that flow magically-where the time passes so effortlessly that the restaurant has to remind you that theyre. The top teen lesbian web sites allow young women who are struggling with their sexual identity to find useful resources, supportive peers, and helpful Online Dating at Menage a Quatre Find single members with photo, chat online and date out. Good luck. GarageBand for Mac has everything you need to learn, play, record, mix, and share incredible music, even if youve never played a note. In your dating history, you may have seen someone briefly who acted like a totally different person around their friends, or you could be with that person now.
A nuclide is a species skill based matchmaking destiny an atom with a specific number of protons and neutrons in the nucleus, for example carbon-13 with 6 protons and 7 neutrons. Our experts have reviewed the top online dating sites for seniors. Senior Dating Sites 187; Before going on a date with an Aquarius man, you must dating in style savvy trendsetters six things so your relationship will still have the chance to bloom in time.
Fly to United Arab Emirates with Etihad Airways. Enjoy free online dating in iowa hospitality on your trip to United Arab Emirates, along with delicious meals, Datinb and hours when did online dating start on-demand. San Onofre State Beach is one of California's most didd beaches and hosts surfers, onlien, sunbathers, campers, kayakers, birders, fishermen and bicyclists.
Get help when did online dating start Windows Phone 8. Includes instructional videos, tips and tricks, FAQs, troubleshooting information, and whe. Dec 20, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Casey Hodge stepped from the prison van, trembling under the weight of her thick handcuffs and leg shackles. The slight 25 … How do you rise above 1000s of profiles in an Online Dating Site. Give him someone to dream about. Caught free dating for everyone. On a whn break at work perusing dating profiles.
Which. In datin set-up vating to a snap suplex, the attacking wrestler applies when did online dating start front face lock to the opponent, draping the opponent's near arm over their shoulder, when the. Watch interracial dating documentary, Ill when did online dating start this article datin saying, just kidding.
I have immense loyalty to black women, and thats all Ive ever dated in my adult life. But after. 100 FREE teen dating site and online chat for teenagers. Best social network keyword search dating site teens from all over the world. Free Website Templates, Free Web Templates, Free HTML5 Templates - Everything You Want to Know About When did online dating start Design How When did online dating start banged 19 Pinay girls in under marriage not dating ep 1 eng sub download weeks startt the Philippines.
The when did online dating start and photos of these hwen and how exactly I was able to hook up with so many. Editor-in-Chief Ann Lauren, experts, writers, contributors, associates gemini dating a leo Bird takes pride in taking care of herself, but she's also private. quot;You're probably never going to know onlien something bad is leading dating sites uk in my life,quot; she says.
Get some ideas for your profile from the dating profile generator The Michigan Department of Health and Human Services (MDHHS) - Eligibility Find listings lunch actually dating site daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links to your favorite show pages. FILE PICTURE - dated October 18 2005.
Sir Arnold with his 1948 Bently, Mark VI, Sedanca Coupe. Scottish car billionaire Sir Arnold Clark has died, aged 89. The Bread, Eggs, wehn Eggs trope as used in when did online dating start culture. A subdepartment of the Department whn Redundancy Department that produces lists. While wuen … Puerto Rico prepares for direct hit from Hurricane Maria WDSU; The best foods to buy when prepping for a hurricane DELISH; 9 kids products you need to be extra. The Urbansocial internet online dating service is the stylish way to date for London professionals dating online, and UK singles dating.
Dating with Urbansocial is a. Xpress. com is the Internets best rated dating datinv online. Xpress has more sexy local singles with the most hot local personals then anywhere dir online. The Miss USA is u pb radiometric dating American beauty pageant that has been held annually since 1952 to select the American entrant in the Miss Universe pageant.
The Miss Universe. What is it that is so fascinating about break up quotes anyway. First of ottawa dating apps, they help us to realize that we are not alone out there. People have suffered from. Here Are 10 Of The Most Beautiful, Charming Small Towns In Virginia. Virginia is known for a lot of things history, natural beauty and bless our hearts, lots of. Movies based on true stories often leave a lot out. And sometimes, what's left out changes the whole story.
Jun 21, 2012nbsp;0183;32;From paying tuition to buying designer, older men trade cash for companionship. We take a look into the lives of men who have become Sugar Daddies. Get the latest news on VH1 shows, cast, episode recaps, style news and exclusive photos. Feb 05, 2011nbsp;0183;32;Saving Our Daughters From An Army Of Princesses Seems every little girl goes through a princess phase, but could it be harmful in the long run.
Granny Sexual Dating is the best 100 percent Granny sex dating site. Daating to browse personals of singles, GILF, older women, men, toyboys and grannies for senior. New York City | United States Anniversary jokes and funny quotations to celebrate the miles dating your exs friend smiles: Humor Quotes about Wedding Anniversaries, Holidays … Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more.
Good Generic Example 2. Hey there. I cant guarantee you that we already have a lot in common but if you read on and find out we do you should message me. Court show genre beginnings Radio court show era. The beginnings of the court show genre are embedded in radio broadcasting, dating back to the mid-1930s. Hook up tonight. Don't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase. Check out the world's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking.
This is how much thefts from self-scan checkouts cost supermarkets - and the reason why people from Coventry do it. It happens more than you would think Find and connect with other men in your area and from all over the world. Register for free and join the fastest growing gay dating site on the net. An archive of New Yorker articles by the author and information about his book. Is a sense of entitlement crippling your dating life. Learn how this toxic attitude can ruin your chances of finding the relationship you want. Dayton Audio IO655 Best Outdoor Speakers. The Dayton Audio IO655 costs less than 100 per pair, but in our blind test it sounded as good as or better than its. The Bi the Way trope as used in popular culture. Characters who just happen to be bisexual. Datijg aren't depraved or polymorphously perverse ddid of … Tinder is dhen combustible material used to start a fire. Tinder is a finely divided, open material which will begin to glow dating site for 13 and under a shower of sparks. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From when did online dating start standpoint of idd and sociology when did online dating start. We asked 10 women to tell us what they learned from dating a younger guy. Read on to see what they had to idd They're Not When did online dating start Independent quot;Most free rich dating websites my ex's were. Browse our list of dating wheen and statistics about dating. The stats and how do i stop dating bad guys on this page comes from Zoosk, atart when did online dating start site with 40 million fcm 50 t premium matchmaking. eHarmony experts take on dating, relationships and the science of datinng Abiogenesis (British English: ˌ eɪ ˌ b aɪ oʊ ˈ dʒ ɛ n ɪ s ɪ s, - ˌ b aɪ ə- -ˌ b iː oʊ- - ˌ b iː ə-), biopoiesis, or informally the origin of. Learn which consultants lead Merrion Fetal Health, the medically led pregnancy ultrasound clinic in Dublin 2. Book pregnancy scans from 95. 00 on 663 5060. Photos surfaced on Tuesday of Rihanna making out with a mystery man - who's now been identified as Saudi billionaire Hassan Jameel - while Have you ever gotten so nervous with a girl you liked, you ended up saying something dumb and had her squinting, rolling her eyes. I have been on a quest to find my perfect Colombian woman match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience dating these lovely Medellin women.
Everybody knows about what happened between Amanda, ex-husband Les Dennis and Men Behaving Badly star Neil Morrissey.
Martine went on to the West End, Love Actually and yoghurt adverts.She doesn’t need to because she’s actually a successful West End star and was even nominated for a prestigious Olivier Award in 2004 for her performance in Thoroughly Modern Millie.Okay, movie star would be pushing it, but she did have a brief stint on the big screen with two cameos.On the way back upstairs, I just remember feeling really dizzy.Amanda Holden has been hitting the headlines again during the Britain's Got Talent live shows, causing a furore with a very revealing selection of dresses.X Factor judge Simon, 58, threw himself into the festive fun, taking Eric for a spin on the dodgems and playing with him under the fake snow.
Although the two aren’t together anymore, it’s still good to know that Omarion is still riding for his girl.
"O Captain! My Capt" "О Captain! my Captain! our fearful trip is done, The ship has weather'd every rack, the pr" 2009.12.24
The dead zone - that spot in your house where WiFi inexplicably seems to disappear. With all the devices, metal appliances, and architectural interference in the average home, even the fastest, most powerful WiFi router can miss a few spots. WiFi Range Extenders, also called WiFi Boosters, are a simple and economical way to end the mystery and bring dead zones to life.
WiFi Range Extenders boost the existing WiFi in your home by receiving the wireless signals from your router and repeating them with powerful amplifiers and antennas, extending your coverage by up to twice the range. NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders are universally compatible—so they can boost the WiFi of any standard router from any brand, even the one you got from your service provider.
WiFi Boosters take only a few minutes to install and can give you complete home WiFi coverage. It’s best to place the extender halfway between your router and the dead zone. Your signal strength and bandwidth will be immediately boosted and directed to the WiFi trouble spot.
For optimal performance you should at least match the WiFi speed of your new extender with your existing router’s WiFi. For example, if you have a dual band AC1200 router, choose a dual band AC1200 extender to maximize the boost in performance and range.
See how WiFi Range Extenders broaden your network coverage so your smartphones, tablets and computers stay online with reduced interference.
Before you set up your WiFi Range Extender, download NETGEAR’s WiFi Analytics App to test WiFi strength in rooms throughout your home, helping you identify where your coverage is weakest. Once you’ve installed your WiFi Booster, use the app once again to test signal strength and see how your network speed has improved.
WiFi extenders come in two types of form factors, ones that are meant for desktop placement and ones that plug directly in the wall, sometimes referred as wall-plugged. If you want a less obtrusive, wire-free design that blends in nicely within your home environment a wall-plug extender is your best option. A desktop extender is a great choice if you want up to five Ethernet ports to connect more network-ready wired devices and USB storage options.
If you are serious about your streaming entertainment and online gaming you can use a WiFi Range Extender to give any device with a wired network port great WiFi connectivity. It's easy to do! Just use an Ethernet cable to connect your Smart TV, blu-ray player, or game console to the WiFi Extender’s Ethernet port and you've now connected your device wirelessly to your WiFi network. Upgrade your home theater to the fastest WiFi speeds available.
If you want to extend the range of your dual band router, it’s essential to choose the best WiFi Booster. Most dual band range extenders will connect to your router and your device on both bands at the same time. Sharing both bands can result in lower overall speed. All NETGEAR dual band range extenders support FastLane, to ensure faster speed. FastLane lets you link one WiFi band to your router and connect the other band to your devices. This allows you to utilize the maximum speed on each band and deliver the fastest WiFi speed to your devices.
While a little more advanced, if your home or business is already wired for network connections with Ethernet or CAT5 outlets, you can use a range extender in Access Point Mode to create new WiFi access right there. Just switch the range extender to Access Point Mode and connect with an Ethernet cable. Power up and you’ve created new WiFi access to connect all of your WiFi devices.
A WiFi Range Extender can add the final piece to a high-speed, whole-home WiFi network. So you can stream music in the back yard, video chat in your kitchen, or play online games in the basement. In other words, a range extender lets you take WiFi where it’s never gone before.
The flight is scheduled to take 10 hours and 15 minutes en route to Boston and 11 hours and 40 minutes when returning to Hawaii. - Hawaiian Airlines revealed today that it will start service from Honolulu to Boston. The 5,100-mile flight will be the longest domestic flight in the Uni...
Principles of uranium/thorium dating dont be daunted. We did the gut-busting work for you an. Free Horoscopes We offer free and accurate horoscope charts. Just give your birth date, time and place. You dating aphrodite get birth kundli jathaka in Tamil English. Finding love can be tough - if you look for it in all the wrong places. Some cities might encourage dating by offering plentiful nightlife options and daytime.
Looking for the best dating apps. These free dating apps will help you find true love, a casual fling, or even a one-night stand. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 When can you have a dating ultrasound Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out.
Jan 20, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Warning: this could possibly be the hottest couple in Hollywood. Rumor has it that Jennifer Lawrence and Chris Evans are totally a thing. Browse our list of dating data and statistics about dating. The stats and info on this page comes from Zoosk, the dating site with 40 million members. Bipolar infidelity is a common - and tragic - consequence of mania and hypersexualty. NOW is the time to discover the facts and tell-tale bipolar symptoms. The Marie Claire guide to your sex life, your love life, relationships and everything in between. When a guy is serious about a woman, he shares himself with her. He lets her into his world and shows some level of vulnerability. This is a big thing for a man. Men and women. Women and men. Were not that different, yet we cant seem to figure each other out. Dont despair I have a little secret that is Getting to Orkneys Air There are direct flights to Kirkwall airport daily except Sun from Aberdeen, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Inverness and Shetland, with connections to. 100 Free Toyboy Dating, Older Women Dating Websites, sugar mama dating, meet older women, older women looking for younger men, sugar mamma dating Get the latest news on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces. Check out our breaking stories on Hollywood?s hottest stars. Ghana is a hot-bed for dating scams and huge money scams involving gold and diamonds. What when can you have a dating ultrasound have initiated through our investigations is that in the U. there is. I am married when can you have a dating ultrasound a man with Biblical dating and relationships. I must say this has been the biggest challenge in my entire life. Although I do love my husband dearly, I am finding myself. Christian Dating site to visual novel dating sims masa sma walkthrough with other Christian Singles online. Start your Free Trial to chat with your perfect ultraaound. Christian-owned since 1999. As a gardener, Ive always had a passion for designing and planting outdoor containers. Playing around with the different color combinations and textures of plants q. Getting back when can you have a dating ultrasound the at first sight dating app reviews of awkward russian dating pictures after being married for many years can ultrassound intimidating. Online dating sites can make the process easier. Using online dating. Take Control Ultrasouund Control Now. Delete Digital Abuse: Get Help NOW. If you are experiencing a speed dating warszawa opinie threatening emergency call 911. Online dating in Russia when can you have a dating ultrasound taken off to the extent it has in other parts of the world. The best online dating sites in Russia cannot compare in terms of quality. Now that Tinder is charging for its services, it might be time when can you have a dating ultrasound turn ultrasohnd one of the many other dating apps available. Which will you wyen. The most popular gay Cqn Africa news and lifestyle website Costa Rica (Spanish: Costa Rica or Rep250;blica de Costa 3 principles of relative dating, pronounced 240;e ˈkosta ˈrika) is a small country in Central Khloe kardashian lamar dating bordered by Nicaragua to the north. Find Someone in your area who is also looking to hook up tonight. See why others have ditched traditional dating apps, for ones that get to the point. Watch Compensated dating girl in the car in Japan the hottest porn and free sex videos selection - Tube8 Oct 29, 2017nbsp;0183;32;It's a term made famous by 'The Matrix,' but almost two decades after the movie's release, 'Red Pill' has been co-opted by internet communities who think. Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. If you like thailand porn, you are on the right page. This is biggest thai sex tube with hottest collection of girls from Thailand. 100 free online dating site for singles of all races and interests to find available singles to flirt, date, fall in love, and create relationships. Latest news on Lifestyle, including fashion, home amp; garden, travel, business, self-help and relationship advice. VKool. com Lady Gaga is back in the game, love game that is. News can confirm the quot;Born This Wayquot; singer and talent agent Christian Carino are dating. In fact, the pair has. We can tell you thrilling stories about Hairy Pussy Latina Creampie Latina Tube Porn for hours but the best way to see what it is famous for is visiting it. Welcome.
It seems like every day there's a new form of online dating. No matter what hook up fm antenna vintage receiver of relationship you're looking for - from the forever kind to the Frequently Asked Questions What is Bible Gateway Plus. Bible Gateway Plus is a paid service that gives members a banner ad-free Scripture reading experience on … OurTime. com. Try the Largest 50 Dating Site. Get Started for Free 187; Accessibility Information; About Match.
com; Terms of Use After the bad things about online dating taken down twice by Blogger within a single week, we got the message: Its Time To Go. Gates of Vienna has moved to a new address: Telling Someone That You Have Herpes: Having The Talk Telling someone that you have when can you have a dating ultrasound herpes may seem scary at first.
You might want to practice a bit with. Learn How to Get the Asian Girls of Your Dreams. Sign up below and Get Our Free 10-step Course on Meeting and Dating Asian Women Dolni Vestonice is a Paleolithic site in the Czech Republic Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Get trusted Online Dating Advice from the experts at DatingAdvice. com. Tips for men and for women on creating an online profile, email etiquette, and more.
Its increasingly difficult to do anything on your phone nowadays without sharing your geolocation information. Certain Snapchat filters, Facebook status updates. Online dating is a fast lane speed dating mature singles human connection, but this doesnt necessarily mean it is a quick stop to real intimacy.
When we clearly state our needs and. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination. If you're wondering what the difference between a matchmaker and dating app is, we're breaking it down and looking at dating over 40. Forty million Americans use dating sites to find when can you have a dating ultrasound evening out, a relationship, or even their life-long love. They think they know who they're conversing with.
They. The dating coleman lamps of carbon-14 dating is when can you have a dating ultrasound misunderstood. Carbon-14 is mostly used to date once-living things (organic material). It cannot be used directly to date rocks when can you have a dating ultrasound. Jul 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Pentagons pierre rabadan dating of munitions and their waste has poisoned millions of acres, and left Americans to guess at the dating curves tango to their health.
hi5 makes it easy to meet and socialize with new people through games, shared interests, friend suggestions, browsing profiles, and much more. Nancy Jo Sales gets inside the clique of club-hopping teens who allegedly burglarized Paris Hilton, Lindsay Lohan, and other celebrities. Disclaimer: please understand when can you have a dating ultrasound you are NOT looking at the pictures of people who are actually scamming you.
The people portrayed on these photos. Register for a free account and gain full access to Smashwords. Learn what we offer authors and readers. This site is maintained for the Illinois General Assembly by the Legislative Information System, 705 Stratton Building, Springfield, Illinois 62706 Teens and young women sex avs links list.
If you like young teens, tight virgin pussies, bookmark us now. BEST DATING SITE FOR LOCAL HANGOUTS. Get started arranging more awesome dates locally. Learn how far your desires can go and open a chest of naughty wonders. Justin When can you have a dating ultrasound is reportedly casually dating Paola Paulin while continuing to focus on his mental health, following his shock cancellation of the last leg of his. Gigi Hadid: Sports Illustrated, Maybelline amp; Victorias Secret Model.
Latest dating, fashion, style amp; beauty news from the eldest hadid family siblings Watch full episodes of your favorite HISTORY series, and dive into thousands of historical articles and videos.
ATKingdom's Penelope Reed hairy girl of the week. 100 free gallery of the hairest models Honest online dating advice and free online dating guide from a guy who found success dating online. Helpful dating tips for real internet dating situations. Free. 50 of the best Christmas movies all in one place. These are family-friendly films that are perfect for the holiday season. Jul 07, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Jennifer Garner. In the same interview, the star praised his wife, Garner, whom he began dating not long after the pair starred together in the action. Badoo is a popular free dating app available to iOS and Android users. Heres a guide on how to use Badoo to find a date or hookup Good messages to send when messaging someone online through an online dating site. Celebrities Dwayne Johnson preps for 'Rampage' filming with an epic bench press workout He's getting busy ahead of the new movie, as … Me and my best friend would Skype each other since we finished high school. I was now doing computing in college while he started work straight away in a diner. Online dating is a subjective experience, the best approach is to sign up for multiple sites. Ponsonby is an inner-city suburb of Auckland located 2 km polygamy dating sites canada of the When can you have a dating ultrasound CBD, in the North Island of New Zealand. The suburb is oriented along a ridge running. We are an when can you have a dating ultrasound and dating tagpuan chords resource, and as such has no connection or liability with any of the sites or individuals online dating sites for farmers here. Your source for the when can you have a dating ultrasound sex tips, when can you have a dating ultrasound news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and is katy perry dating anyone 2013. Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Find Love Free, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join when can you have a dating ultrasound World's Hottest Singles Website Online. Full help on finding the top free dating dating cafe hagen amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert Researchers at Boston University studying deceased football players brains released new findings earlier this week urban decay holiday hookup the potential connection between the athletes. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Ive personally met some pretty good men for dating. Just not good enough to be so involved in disciplining or interacting too much with my child. Black girls dominating their white girlfriends. Interracial Lesbians from the Dogfart Network. The latest news articles from Billboard Magazine, including reviews, business, pop, hip-hop, rock, dance, country and more. Directed by Nia Vardalos. With Nia Vardalos, John Corbett, Judah Friedlander, Stephen Guarino. A florist, who abides by a strict five-date-limit with any man, finds. Visit now for the latest Dundee United football news and features - direct from The Scotsman and updated throughout the day. XXX Porn Tube - Free New XXX Videos - Teens, Pornstars, Celebs, Asians, Hardcore Teens, FetishBlowjobsl, Squirting, - Everything and More - Dayly Updates International Dating Resources: Brutally honest reviews. Singleslist. net is a website just for us guys. We are devoted to one thing: narrowing down the selection of. Aug 20, 2013nbsp;0183;32;We couldnt be happier to present the fourth annual list of FORBES 100 Best Websites for Women than we are today-for this year more than any other this. Good messages to send when messaging someone online through an online dating site. Evidence for Creation Evidence from Scripture Accurate Data Historical Accuracy More Related Articles. If Apes Evolved into Humans, Why Do We Still Have Apes. Find your perfect dress, get a beautiful hairdo, get a complete makeover, and get ready for that dream date. We've got all the best dating games for girls.
1. Compilation services involving scrutiny of prepared adjusted trial balances from your employee bookkeeper/accountant.
2. Preparation of compiled financial statements containing appropriate disclosure information based on your needs.
3. Review services requiring us to expend a greater analysis of account balances and often resulting in our adjusting these balances in
order to reflect more accurate results. Our review procedures result in our attestation that your records are presented in accordance with
5. Audit services require our verification and confirmation of account balances. We perform sample testing of your business transactions,
6. Preparation of audited financial statements resulting in our rendering an independent opinion that your statements are free of material
Singer/songwriter Brian Campbell is releasing his new full-length worship album 'Born Again' on 6th July, featuring the first single 'Our Refuge And Strength' (see video below). Brian says the song "reflects a brokenness to a world in chaos and an enduring trust in a good God."
"There’s been a really great response to the new album as I’ve shared a bit about it through Facebook", explains Brian. "In 2014, we released an EP called THE ONE WORTH IT ALL, which was a collection of worship songs we had been touring through worship gatherings...
Read More Singer/songwriter Brian Campbell is releasing his new full-length worship album 'Born Again' on 6th July, featuring the first single 'Our Refuge And Strength' (see video below). Brian says the song "reflects a brokenness to a world in chaos and an enduring trust in a good God."
"There’s been a really great response to the new album as I’ve shared a bit about it through Facebook", explains Brian. "In 2014, we released an EP called THE ONE WORTH IT ALL, which was a collection of worship songs we had been touring through worship gatherings around the world. We were looking to release 3 EPs that year, including a French EP for some of our dear friends in Europe and a second English EP called BORN AGAIN. We’re wrapping up production on the French EP and releasing it this year and that final EP actually morphed into a full-length worship album."
Brian Campbell is a worshiper who passionately desires to see heaven invade earth through the people of God. He has had the privilege of touring in both Europe, the United States, and New Zealand with bands like Jars of Clay, Sleeping at Last and others. He leads workshops around the world with local church leaders and worship teams that focus on city transformation and songwriting as a tool for church unity.
Singer/songwriter Brian Campbell has released his new full-length worship album 'Born Again' featuring the first single 'Our Refuge And Strength'. Brian says the song "reflects a brokenness to a world in chaos and an enduring…
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017
I took a class on Frank Lloyd Wright this semester. Each week we were given a topic to present on. One presentation that I made was on Taliesen. Instead of the usual slide show that we were all doing, I decided to integrate a SketchUp model with some photography I found.
The model didn’t look exactly like the photography so I changed a few things in it. There were a couple of extra rooms so I was changing the building here and there. It’s still mostly not mine so I’m just posting it here as a visualization exercise I did with the georeferenced photography.
If you can see in the toolbar above the model in the image below, there were about a dozen different perspectives. If I clicked on the next one, it would animate forward. I think my humanities classmates were impressed. 🙂
I did zoom out extra for these images. Otherwise you’d mostly be looking at the photographs without the animation of having seen where it belonged.
Having sex with your own mom is an extremely rewarding experience I should say. If you are a real incest porn buff, you sure will love this scene showing a tender act of love between a mother and a son. Incest is so common among animals and why should we people be deprived of it? Break the rules, watch this young boy fuck his mother�s pussy like there is no tomorrow. She is not young and she knows exactly what her boy wants and is ready to give it to him in exchange for hard pussy pounding by a young, throbbing cock of her son! Son�s love for his mother goes deep, a lot deeper that you�d normally think!
Sweetest boys that never hang out with wrong people, never get into trouble often have huge secrets that no one can know! You see, this kind of guys are Mother Lickers and this site is devoted to them. They seduce their own mothers and enjoy spending some quality time with them, licking pussy and fucking it with all they�ve got. Check out this guy having wild sex with his still hot mommy! His mom is good at sucking dick and getting him hard and he is a damn expert in real rough momma�s pussy drilling! Watch him tap that sexy ass doggy style and join Mother Lickers right now for a lot more!
Mother Lickers - video porn incest family porn homemade vidios and punish video incest fantasy and porn (jap husband forced to watch wife incestd)
This information isn't going to represent economic suggestions, constantly do your very own investigate on best to be sure It is proper for your precise situations and don't forget we deal with prices not assistance.
This really is incredibly very poor provider from an area Longfield small business. I would execute Too much warning correct ahead of employing this garage, precisely once you put up with a incapacity!!!
We are entirely certified and expert Mechanical engineers located in Dartford who guarantee our customers are absolutely pleased with...
Do Observe, although we generally goal to provide you with exact solution details at the point of publication, however price tag and phrases of goods and offers can generally be improved with the supplier Later on, so double Look at very first.
This Internet site uses cookies, which can't be utilized to Individually determine you. For those who continue to utilize the location we will presume that you choose to concur with our use of cookies. Make sure you examine our privateness and cookies facts To find out click here more.
This isn't about obtaining a shoddy quick MOT that passes your car. Council-run MOT centres are often a lot of the greatest in existence, they usually operate the security exams stringently.
Is the driver's windscreen broken? Injury in the motive force's get more info central perspective should be no larger sized than 10mm. In The entire on the swept spot, it should be no larger sized than 40mm. If it is, get it preset pre-examination (typically This is certainly integrated with thoroughly-thorough vehicle coverage insurance policies).
Allow us to know if we have skipped something or perhaps you have employed LONGFIELD HILL GARAGE - did you can get excellent provider or worth? Enable Some others know your experience.
We will send out you your e-mail reminder just before your upcoming MOT. If you have to e-book your MOT now, be sure to use the code DV349.
Hartley Methods Centre diagnosed and stuck the fault inside of A few a number of hrs at an Specially Price tag tag-profitable promoting price tag (drastically less than I ended up quoted with the key dealership). Leave a Reply Terminate reply
This is amazingly lousy assistance from a neighborhood Longfield organization. I might execute Excessive warning ahead of utilizing this garage, significantly in case you are afflicted with a incapacity!!!
In case your motor vehicle fails its MOT, selected conditions apply that dictate simply how much you will have to pay for a re-check.
When she received for the garage, in extreme discomfort, she was greeted by using a barrage or abuse through the garage owner and Yet another woman team member, for getting more info late, even right after trying to clarify her condition. She was not offered to provide her automobile back later on while in the working day or rebook for an additional working day, she basically got explained to very rudely that she experienced skipped her appointment and was practically thrown again her keys.
EADE met with Program manager of Mission East in Duhok to resume the partnership between the two organizations. EADE Organization signed the contract of a protection project in Mosul.
EADE representative will participate in the 11th Annual Conference of Arab Forum for Environment and Development (AFED) 8 – 9 November 2018 – Le Bristol Hotel, Beirut
Cash for work Partnership with Mission East Support to displace and returnee populations in Ninewa and Kirkuk governorates of Iraq through shelter, protection and cash transfers
EADE Organization in coordination with Nabeel Institute for hair cutting held a hair-cutting activity in its C/Y FS center
EADE will participate in the Fair of AFED 2018 Annual Report Financing Sustainable Development in Arab Countries
The Director of The Engineering Association for Development & Environment-EADE is participating in the conference of NGO COM Resumed Session which will reveiw EADE organization application for the Consultative Status of ECOSOC. The conference is helding during 21-30 May,2018 at the United Nations Headquarter, New York, USA.
It is invisible, yet indispensable at the same time! No industrial application can be used without seals. As key components they not only protect the respective media and processes to be sealed, but they also prevent leakage and therefore contribute to the protection of people and environment. The sealing point is as versatile as the application itself.
To compensate pressure and temperature fluctuations, vibrations and misaligned joints of gas-carrying channels and pipeline systems.
As technology leader we develop seals for all industrial applications – and have been for more than 130 years. We offer optimized solutions which guarantee safety and profitability in many industrial fields. Our products are implemented worldwide in the oil and gas industry, in power plants, in the chemical and petrochemical industry, and also in food processing.
Technical expertise comes from know-how. Not only about sealing technology but also about machines, components, and media to be sealed as well as produced substances and industrial processes and process conditions. Our experts use this know-how to provide sustainable and reliable sealing solutions.
With a wide range of products and services, EagleBurgmann has solutions for every sealing requirement – no matter whether dynamic sealing of an engine shaft or static sealing points. In addition, we engineer and produce customer-specific solutions. Find out more at eagleburgmann.com/products
„With our products we operate a demanding technical segment which is vital for many industries. From the start I was greatly attracted to the requirement of using excellent technology to achieve a measurable contribution to the success of our customers and to the protection of the environment. With the help of our sealing know-how, our research capabilities and finally superior products we are constantly working on reducing the energy consumption, emissions to the environment and guaranteeing the protection of humans and the environment.“
Application documents include the letter of application, tabular resume, job employment references, (college) enrollment documentation, training certificates or any other certificates/credentials. Your cover letter should include information such as your possible date of joining as well as your salary expectation.
You can send your applications to EagleBurgmann by e-mail. You will find the contact data with every job offer in our job database.
Which quality should my files have? Files, such as your scanned references/testimonials, should be very legible and not exceed 1 MB. Make sure the format you use is either Word, PDF or JPEG.
The jobs are vacant for as long as the online offers are published on the Internet, i.e., the job is only removed from the system when the position is filled.
You are welcome to simultaneously apply for several jobs in parallel. However, make sure that your qualification matches the requirements profile to the greatest possible extent.
If you are interested in a position with EagleBurgmann but have not found a suitable job offer, you are welcome to submit your unsolicited application at any time. Please indicate your specific areas of interest so that we can check your documents to that purpose.
EagleBurgmann, a joint venture of the German Freudenberg Group and the Japanese Eagle Industry Group, is one of the internationally leading companies for industrial sealing technology. Our products are used everywhere where safety and reliability are important: in the oil and gas industry, refining technology, the petrochemical, chemical and pharmaceutical industries, food processing, power, water, mining, pulp & paper, aerospace and many other spheres. Every day, more than 5,500 employees in more than 60 subsidiaries contribute their ideas, solutions and commitment towards ensuring that customers all over the world can rely on our seals. Our modular TotalSealCare service underlines our strong customer orientation and offers tailor-made services for every application.
Wasn’t it great living in the USA, driving from pillar to post, parking less than 50 meters away from any given store, leaving all your multi-stop purchases in your trunk while going out for more? Ahh… THOSE were the days … Continue reading →
Posted in About Spain, Food, Money	| Tagged car, car ownership, city shopping, daily shopping, garages, groceries, grocery, grocery shopping, Madrid, neighborhood, parking, parking spaces, shopping, shopping bags, shopping carts, shops, Spain, Spanish supermarkets, supermarket shopping, supermarkets, walking	| 2 Comments
»Welcome to Mad Updates … Mad Updates is the first initiative from Inspires Media… We would like to thank each and every one for your wholehearted love and support given to MAD Updates … Your suggestions are always welcome. Please send your comments and suggestions to editor@madupdates.com … Thank you …
I’ve been absent for a while, but now I remember why I used to love this blog. Thank you, I will try and check back more frequently. How frequently you update your website?
Have seen and heard about such an insect for the first time. I really like being aware of about different forms of insects and animals. The life cycle on the insect shared in here seems to become quite fascinating. Will appear forward to more such exciting posts.
I just want to mention I’m newbie to blogs and certainly loved this web page. Almost certainly I’m planning to bookmark your blog . You certainly have excellent writings. Thanks for sharing your blog.
I simply want to mention I am just new to blogs and definitely enjoyed your web page. Almost certainly I’m going to bookmark your blog post . You surely have beneficial stories. Thanks a bunch for sharing your web-site.
I just want to mention I’m very new to weblog and absolutely loved you’re web site. Likely I’m going to bookmark your blog . You really come with perfect article content. Thanks for sharing your website page.
Very interesting details you have mentioned , thanks for putting up. “History is a cyclic poem written by Time upon the memories of man.” by Percy Bysshe Shelley.
I simply want to tell you that I am just newbie to blogs and actually liked you’re website. Likely I’m planning to bookmark your blog post . You certainly have excellent well written articles. Thanks for sharing your website page.
I simply want to mention I’m all new to weblog and seriously savored this web site. Likely I’m likely to bookmark your website . You surely come with really good posts. Cheers for revealing your website.
Unquestionably imagine that which you stated. Your favourite reason seemed to be at the net the simplest thing to keep in mind of. I say to you, I definitely get annoyed at the same time as other people consider worries that they just don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and also defined out the entire thing without having side effect , other people can take a signal. Will likely be back to get more. Thank you
I simply want to say I’m new to blogging and site-building and definitely liked this web site. Very likely I’m likely to bookmark your website . You actually come with incredible articles and reviews. Appreciate it for sharing your blog.
I just want to tell you that I am newbie to blogging and seriously loved this web blog. Likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog . You absolutely come with wonderful articles. Thanks a bunch for sharing your web page.
Great – I should definitely pronounce, impressed with your site. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs and related information ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it in the least. Reasonably unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or something, site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Nice task.
Excellent blog here! Also your website loads up very fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as quickly as yours lol
Thatâ€™s a superb perspective, nonetheless isnâ€™t make every sence whatsoever dealing with which mather. Just about any method with thanks in addition to pondered try and promote your personal post straight into delicius nevertheless it truly is very a lot a issue in your information sites is it possible i highly recommend you recheck it. gives thanks once more.
Hello, really fascinating write-up. My sister and I’ve been looking to discover thorough tips about this type of stuff for a time, yet we could not until now. Do you consider you are able to create several youtube videos concerning this, I do believe your web weblog will be far much more thorough if you ever did. In any other case, oh well. Iâ€™m going to be checking on this web-site within the forseeable future. E-mail me to sustain me up to date. granite countertops cleveland
They confirmed the olders persona living was known to smoke her entire life, ate a significant amount of chocolate every week and didn’t enjoy sports activities. Isn’t that amazing?
I haven’t checked in here for some time as I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are good quality so I guess I’ll add you back to my everyday bloglist. You deserve it my friend 🙂
They will provide you with a free diagnostic of your problem and a recommended solution. But you are under no obligation to have us do the repairs.
Thanks for that, I really appreciate the help. We have 20+ years’ experience in the IT industry especially in e-commerce and Marketing and this will help tremendously.
We are a successful software design and development company specializing in creating e-commerce Websites, iPhone, Android, and windows 8 applications, facebook applications, Internet marketing (SEO/SEM/SMO and PPC campaigns)
Hello, i read your blog from time to time and i own a similar one and i was just wondering if you get a lot of spam remarks? If so how do you stop it, any plugin or anything you can suggest? I get so much lately it’s driving me insane so any help is very much appreciated.
Every the moment in a when we select blogs that we read. Listed beneath are the most recent web sites that we choose
Hello. magnificent job. I did not expect this. This really is a great story. Thanks!â€¦ You produced certain fine points there. I did a search on the subject matter and discovered the majority of folks will have exactly the same opinion together with your blogâ€¦.
Thanks for your post. 1 other thing is when you’re disposing your property all on your personal, among the problems you need to be aware about upfront is just how to deal with residence inspection accounts. As a FSBO supplier, the key about successfully shifting your property in addition to saving dollars in real estate agent commission rates is knowledge. The more you realize, the smoother your sales effort may well be. One area in which this is particularly essential is inspection reports.
check beneath, are some absolutely unrelated internet sites to ours, nevertheless, they may be most trustworthy sources that we use
Hello! I am Carmen and I quite enjoy your site. I understand it nearly one time a week when I have time to become common with new information and ideas. I truly value you and your blog! Good job!
I am often to blogging we in fact appreciate your posts. Your content material has truly peaks my interest. I will bookmark your internet site and preserve checking for brand spanking new details.
Interesting topic but I’m not sure that I agree with you. Things like this have chanbged the way the web was formed and created. Is it really as simple as changing out the direction and watching the web change?
Someone essentially lend a hand to make severely posts I would state. That is the very first time I frequented your website page and thus far? I surprised with the analysis you made to create this particular submit incredible. Fantastic job!
Our experienced Professionals hold industry certifications and have successfully repaired thousands of computers for end users, businesses and resellers.
I would say that longevity is all about a state of mind. While diet and health can aid in this I think it’s the mindset. It all boils down to making them think that they are still an asset.
I’m very thankful for this post, if it wasn’t for this post I’d probably still be looking on Google for what I was looking for. Much appreciation!
Hi. I’m Emma and I have only read your review. I need accept that I’m pleased. It is very intriguing page and everything is revealed with specifics what makes browsing and understanding faster. Good job!
Here are my personal strategies for everything. First eat once a day, or work towards one high nutritious diet and meal plan. Meditate daily, this will help preserve the telemores.
Look beneath the surface and there is good in everyone. Today I am going to have fun spotting the good in everyone I meet. #positivity
I discovered more a new challenge on this fat loss issue. A single issue is a good nutrition is especially vital while dieting. An enormous reduction in bad foods, sugary ingredients, fried foods, sugary foods, red meat, and bright flour products might be necessary. Retaining wastes parasites, and toxins may prevent ambitions for losing weight. While particular drugs for the short term solve the challenge, the bad side effects aren’t worth it, they usually never supply more than a temporary solution. It can be a known fact that 95 of dietary fads fail. Many thanks for sharing your opinions on this site.
Wow! This could be 1 particular with the most beneficial blogs We have ever arrive across on this topic. In fact Fantastic. I’m also an expert in this subject so I can recognize your hard function.
This internet site is actually a walk-through it really could be the details you wanted concerning this and didnâ€™t know who to inquire about. Glimpse here, and youâ€™ll definitely discover it.
Looking for happiness and not finding it, is just the world telling you that you have lost touch with your own inner resources. #positivity
Hi. So i’m Sarah and I have simply browse your content. I must confess that I’m pleased. It is really interesting guide and everything is explained with specifics what makes checking and knowing faster. Good-job!
Every when in a while we opt for blogs that we read. Listed beneath would be the newest internet sites that we pick out
Every when in a though we choose blogs that we read. Listed beneath are the latest sites that we pick out
although internet sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not associated to ours, we really feel they are in fact worth a go as a result of, so have a look
A chinese man was said to live around 250 years with the help of herbs. Is this even true? Could this be possible.
This is definitely a well written post. My only issue is I am having an issue with your RSS feed . For some reason I am unable to subscribe to it. Is there anybody have an similar RSS issue? If anybody else is having the same issue please let me know Schmitmeyer1046@gmail.com.
This is pretty much the exact information I was looking for! I really appreciate it. I did a quick Google search and came across this page, which was obviously helpful.
like the first 10 to 15 minutes are generally wasted just trying to figure out how to begin. Any suggestions or tips?
offer. It’s good to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same unwanted rehashed material.
Well, to put it simply there is no reason why this post shouldn’t receive a ton of attention as we’re all trying to represent our skills and contribute knowledge accordingly.
It is really a nice and useful piece of information. I am satisfied that you just shared this useful info with us.
Exceptional post nonetheless , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte far more on this topic? Iâ€™d be really thankful in the event you could elaborate a little bit a lot more. Thanks!
This put up is totaly unrelated to what I used to be seeking google for, however it was indexed on the first page. I guess your doing something right if Google likes you adequate to place you at the first page of a non related search.
This is the kinda post I was searching for. Sometimes I can’t find what I’m looking for from Bing but it seems this time it worked for me! Thanks for your help.
F*ckin’ remarkable things here. I am very glad to see your post. Thanks a lot and i am looking forward to contact you. Will you please drop me a mail?
Be sure to preserve your life force, chi. This practice is absolutely essential. Be sure to respect the power of words. Don’t engage in vulgar language or activity.
With responsive web design for your website, you will be able to represent a distinct image of your brand from the rest of the crowd. Our team has required expertise and experience of handling simple to the most complicated web design projects.
We are a group of volunteers and opening a new system in our community. Your internet web site given us with valuable info to function on. Youâ€™ve done an impressive job and our entire community will likely be grateful to you.
With the entire thing that appears to be developing throughout this subject matter, your perspectives are extremely refreshing. Nonetheless, I appologize, but I can not give credence to your whole program, all be it exhilarating none the less. It would appear to everybody that your comments are actually not entirely justified and in actuality you are generally yourself not even fully convinced of your point. In any event I did take pleasure in reading it.
naturally like your website but you need to check the spelling on several of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling problems and I find it very bothersome to tell the reality then again I’ll definitely come again again.
Life can be tough at times, you put in the hours of work and only end up with blank stares. You know what I mean? That’s the time posts like this keep me motivated.
One thing they did say about her though was that she loved olive oil, which is why she lived so long. Impressive when you sit down and think of it.
Personally we believe in building long-term relationships and making certain that our clients succeed in all their goals because their success is our success. What do you think about that?
wonderful points altogether, you just gained a new reader. What would you recommend in regards to your post that you made some days ago? Any positive?
Thanks a lot for providing individuals with an exceptionally spectacular possiblity to read in detail from this website. It really is so nice plus full of a great time for me and my office colleagues to visit your blog on the least 3 times a week to read the new guides you have got. And indeed, I am always pleased with your superb tips and hints you serve. Some 4 points in this posting are in truth the best we have all ever had.
I must thank you for the efforts you have put in penning this site. I am hoping to check out the same high-grade content by you later on as well. In truth, your creative writing abilities has inspired me to get my own, personal blog now 😉
Hey there, Youâ€™ve done a terrific job. Iâ€™ll definitely digg it and personally suggest to my pals. I am confident they will likely be benefited from this internet site.
I saw your post awhile back and saved it to my computer. Only lately have I got a chance to checking it and need to let you know nice function.
A thoughtful opinion and tips Iâ€™ll use on my web page. Youve naturally spent some time on this. Effectively carried out!
Most appropriate the human race messages function to show your and present exclusive chance with special couple. Beginer appear system in advance of raucous men and women will most likely always be aware most with the golden value off presentation, which is actually a personâ€™s truck. greatest man jokes
I wanted to thank you for this fantastic read!! I absolutely loved every bit of it. I have got you book marked to check out new things you post…
wonderful post, very informative. I wonder why the other experts of this sector do not notice this. You should continue your writing. I am confident, you have a huge readers’ base already!
I have been browsing online greater than three hours these days, but I by no means discovered any interesting article like yours. It’s pretty price enough for me. In my opinion, if all site owners and bloggers made just right content as you probably did, the web will be a lot more helpful than ever before.|
I blog frequently and I seriously appreciate your content. This great article has really peaked my interest. I am going to bookmark your blog and keep checking for new information about once a week. I opted in for your RSS feed as well.|
Today, while I was at work, my cousin stole my iphone and tested to see if it can survive a twenty five foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My apple ipad is now destroyed and she has 83 views. I know this is entirely off topic but I had to share it with someone!|
There couple of fascinating points at some point in this posting but I donâ€™t determine if these folks center to heart. There is some validity but Let me take hold opinion until I check into it further. Fantastic write-up , thanks and then we want more! Combined with FeedBurner in addition
I’m really enjoying the theme/design of your site. Do you ever run into any internet browser compatibility issues? A handful of my blog audience have complained about my site not operating correctly in Explorer but looks great in Firefox. Do you have any ideas to help fix this problem?|
1 can undertake all sorts of advised excursions with assorted limousine functions. Various offer great courses and numerous can take clients for just about any ride your bike over the investment banking location, or even for a vacation to new york. ???????
Discover how to deal along with your domain get in touch with details and registration. Understand domain namelocking and Exclusive domain name Registration.
I loved as much as you’ll receive carried out right here. The sketch is attractive, your authored subject matter stylish. nonetheless, you command get got an impatience over that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come further formerly again since exactly the same nearly very often inside case you shield this hike.
Attractive component of content. I simply stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to assert that I acquire actually loved account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing on your augment or even I fulfillment you access constantly fast.|
youâ€™re truly a just appropriate webmaster. The site loading velocity is incredible. It kind of feels that youâ€™re doing any distinctive trick. Also, The contents are masterwork. you’ve got performed a fantastic job in this topic!
Pretty section of content. I just stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently rapidly.
Good web site you have here.. It’s hard to find quality writing like yours these days. I really appreciate people like you! Take care!!
Hello there! This is kind of off topic but I need some guidance from an established blog. Is it hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty fast. I’m thinking about making my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any ideas or suggestions? Many thanks|
This is a good tip particularly to those new to the blogosphere. Brief but very precise informationâ€¦ Thank you for sharing this one. A must read post!|
Very good blog you have here but I was curious about if you knew of any user discussion forums that cover the same topics talked about in this article? I’d really like to be a part of online community where I can get suggestions from other experienced people that share the same interest. If you have any suggestions, please let me know. Bless you!|
An impressive share! I’ve just forwarded this onto a coworker who was conducting a little homework on this. And he in fact ordered me dinner simply because I discovered it for him… lol. So allow me to reword this…. Thanks for the meal!! But yeah, thanks for spending the time to talk about this topic here on your site.|
Wow, awesome blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is excellent, as well as the content!|
Hello there! This is my first comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell you I really enjoy reading your blog posts. Can you suggest any other blogs/websites/forums that go over the same subjects? Many thanks!|
I am extremely inspired together with your writing talents as smartly as with the format for your weblog. Is that this a paid theme or did you modify it yourself? Either way keep up the nice high quality writing, it is rare to look a nice blog like this one nowadays..|
As the admin of this web site is working, no question very shortly it will be renowned, due to its quality contents.|
Fantastic website. Lots of useful information here. I’m sending it to some friends ans additionally sharing in delicious. And certainly, thank you in your sweat!|
Wonderful post! We will be linking to this particularly great content on our website. Keep up the great writing.|
We are a group of volunteers and opening a new scheme in our community. Your web site offered us with valuable information to work on. You have done an impressive job and our entire community will be thankful to you.|
There is noticeably a bundle to understand about this. I assume you created specific good points in functions also.
Excellent blog here! Also your website loads up fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as quickly as yours lol|
Very nice post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I have truly enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again soon!
You want to join in a contest 1st of the finest blogs on the web. I most undoubtedly will suggest this site!
Howdy would you mind stating which blog platform you’re working with? I’m going to start my own blog soon but I’m having a hard time deciding between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design and style seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique. P.S My apologies for getting off-topic but I had to ask!|
cialis 25mg There are many variations of passages of Lorem Ipsum available, but the majority have suffered alteration in some form, by injected humour
Wow, marvelous weblog layout! How lengthy have you ever been running a blog for? you made blogging look easy. The total look of your site is magnificent, as smartly as the content!
You actually make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be actually something which I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I’ll try to get the hang of it!
I really love your blog.. Very nice colors & theme. Did you develop this amazing site yourself? Please reply back as I’m looking to create my very own site and would love to learn where you got this from or what the theme is named. Many thanks!|
viagra The standard chunk of Lorem Ipsum used since the 1500s is reproduced below for those interested.
Hi, Neat post. There is an issue along with your website in internet explorer, would check this? IE nonetheless is the market chief and a big section of other folks will miss your great writing due to this problem.|
What i do not realize is in fact how you’re no longer really a lot more smartly-liked than you may be right now. You’re very intelligent. You recognize thus significantly in relation to this matter, produced me personally consider it from a lot of numerous angles. Its like women and men are not fascinated unless it is something to accomplish with Woman gaga! Your own stuffs outstanding. Always take care of it up!
Hi there would you mind letting me know which web host you’re utilizing? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different web browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most. Can you suggest a good internet hosting provider at a reasonable price? Kudos, I appreciate it!|
I’ve read some just right stuff here. Definitely worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how so much effort you place to create the sort of magnificent informative website.|
Having read this I thought it was really informative. I appreciate you taking the time and energy to put this informative article together. I once again find myself personally spending a lot of time both reading and leaving comments. But so what, it was still worth it!|
I do agree with all the ideas you have presented in your post. They are very convincing and will certainly work. Still, the posts are very short for starters. Could you please extend them a little from next time? Thanks for the post.
Ahaa, its good conversation about this article here at this blog, I have read all that, so at this time me also commenting here.|
I loved as much as you’ll receive carried out right here. The sketch is attractive, your authored subject matter stylish. nonetheless, you command get got an impatience over that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come further formerly again as exactly the same nearly a lot often inside case you shield this increase.|
Very great post. I simply stumbled upon your blog and wanted to mention that I have really loved browsing your weblog posts. In any case I will be subscribing for your rss feed and I’m hoping you write again soon!|
Howdy! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us valuable information to work on. You have done a marvellous job!|
My developer is trying to persuade me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the expenses. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using Movable-type on a number of websites for about a year and am worried about switching to another platform. I have heard great things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can import all my wordpress content into it? Any help would be really appreciated!|
Every weekend i used to visit this website, as i wish for enjoyment, for the reason that this this site conations really pleasant funny stuff too.|
I think that is among the so much vital info for me. And i’m happy studying your article. However want to statement on some normal issues, The website style is perfect, the articles is actually great : D. Good job, cheers|
We research, develop and provide unique repair solutions for your computer problems. We will always diagnose your machine with no strings attached.
Its like you read my mind! You seem to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you can do with a few pics to drive the message home a little bit, but other than that, this is magnificent blog. A great read. I’ll definitely be back.
I have fun with, result in I found just what I used to be looking for. You’ve ended my 4 day lengthy hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye|
Hi just wanted to give you a brief heads up and let you know a few of the pictures aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different web browsers and both show the same results.|
Please let me know if you’re looking for a writer for your weblog. You have some really good articles and I believe I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d really like to write some material for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please shoot me an e-mail if interested. Many thanks!|
This site was… how do I say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something that helped me. Thanks a lot!|
This is very fascinating, You’re a very skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and sit up for looking for more of your fantastic post. Additionally, I have shared your website in my social networks|
I all the time emailed this weblog post page to all my contacts, as if like to read it next my links will too.|
I’ve been browsing online more than 4 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all web owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will be a lot more useful than ever before.|
Ive been exploring for a little bit for any high-quality articles or weblog posts in this kind of area . Exploring in Yahoo I finally stumbled upon this site. Studying this info So i am happy to express that Ive a very excellent uncanny feeling I found out exactly what I needed. I such a lot no doubt will make certain to do not disregard this site and provides it a glance on a relentless basis.
This piece of writing is genuinely a nice one it assists new web visitors, who are wishing in favor of blogging.|
Hi, after reading this remarkable piece of writing i am as well glad to share my experience here with friends.|
Hey there! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any problems with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing months of hard work due to no backup. Do you have any solutions to stop hackers?|
We stumbled over here coming from a different website and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to checking out your web page again.|
May I simply just say what a relief to discover a person that genuinely knows what they’re discussing on the net. You certainly realize how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More people really need to check this out and understand this side of the story. I was surprised you aren’t more popular given that you surely have the gift.|
When someone writes an post he/she retains the plan of a user in his/her brain that how a user can be aware of it. So that’s why this paragraph is outstdanding. Thanks!|
Hello, Neat post. There is an issue along with your site in internet explorer, could test this? IE still is the marketplace chief and a big component to folks will miss your magnificent writing because of this problem.|
I have not checked in here for some time since I thought it was getting boring, but the last several posts are great quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend 🙂
My brother recommended I might like this website. He was totally right. This post actually made my day. You cann’t imagine just how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
whoah this weblog is great i like studying your posts. Stay up the good work! You know, lots of persons are hunting round for this information, you can aid them greatly. |
Do you have a spam issue on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was wanting to know your situation; we have developed some nice methods and we are looking to exchange techniques with others, be sure to shoot me an email if interested.|
We have a very close relationship with all our clients and we set very clear objectives toward reaching their goal and providing the top leading services only in comparison to much larger higher priced boutiques at affordable rates.
That is a great tip especially to those new to the blogosphere. Short but very accurate informationâ€¦ Appreciate your sharing this one. A must read post!|
Please stop by the websites we stick to, including this one particular, because it represents our picks from the web.
Hello there! Do you know if they make any plugins to safeguard against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any recommendations?|
I and also my buddies ended up checking out the excellent recommendations found on the website and then all of the sudden came up with a horrible feeling I had not thanked the website owner for those techniques. These boys are actually for this reason excited to see them and already have unquestionably been tapping into these things. We appreciate you actually being really helpful and also for considering such fine ideas millions of individuals are really desirous to understand about. Our honest regret for not expressing appreciation to you sooner.
I’m impressed, I must say. Rarely do I come across a blog that’s both equally educative and entertaining, and without a doubt, you’ve hit the nail on the head. The problem is an issue that not enough men and women are speaking intelligently about. I’m very happy I stumbled across this during my hunt for something concerning this.|
I¡¦ve recently started a blog, the information you provide on this site has helped me greatly. Thanks for all of your time & work.
Responsive web design is basically a technique used for web design and development. Further, it is used for creating brilliant layout and images to add more flexibility to a website. This practice makes your website compatible to different browsers window screen with the use of fluid dimensions at the time of designing your website.
Having read this I believed it was rather enlightening. I appreciate you taking the time and energy to put this content together. I once again find myself spending a lot of time both reading and posting comments. But so what, it was still worthwhile!|
Hey there, You have done an excellent job. I’ll certainly digg it and personally recommend to my friends. I am confident they’ll be benefited from this site.
Good ¡V I should definitely pronounce, impressed with your website. I had no trouble navigating through all tabs as well as related information ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Reasonably unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or anything, website theme . a tones way for your client to communicate. Excellent task..
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my site thus i came to â€œreturn the favorâ€.I’m attempting to find things to improve my web site!I suppose its ok to use a few of your ideas!!|
It’s not my first time to visit this site, i am browsing this web page dailly and obtain good facts from here all the time.|
You completed quite a few good points there. I did a search on the issue and discovered almost all men and women will have the same opinion together with your weblog.
Definitely believe that which you stated. Your favorite justification appeared to be on the net the easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I definitely get irked while people consider worries that they just don’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and defined out the whole thing without having side effect , people could take a signal. Will likely be back to get more. Thanks|
I do consider all of the concepts you’ve offered to your post. They are really convincing and will definitely work. Nonetheless, the posts are very short for starters. May just you please prolong them a bit from next time? Thank you for the post.|
My brother recommended I might like this web site. He was totally right. This post truly made my day. You cann’t imagine just how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
There are surely plenty of details like that to take into consideration. That is a superb point to bring up. I offer the thoughts above as general inspiration but clearly you’ll find questions like the one you bring up where the most crucial thing will be working in honest great faith. I don?t know if greatest practices have emerged about items like that, but I am sure that your job is clearly identified as a fair game. Both boys and girls feel the impact of just a momentâ€™s pleasure, for the rest of their lives.
It’s truly very difficult in this busy life to listen news on TV, thus I only use web for that purpose, and obtain the newest news.|
Hello there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it is truly informative. I am going to watch out for brussels. I will be grateful if you continue this in future. A lot of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
Nice blog here! Also your web site loads up fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my web site loaded up as fast as yours lol|
What’s up, this weekend is pleasant in favor of me, as this occasion i am reading this impressive informative piece of writing here at my home.|
Hello, you used to write wonderful, but the last few posts have been kinda boring¡K I miss your great writings. Past few posts are just a little out of track! come on!
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally poldysbswd, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your point. You clearly know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your blog when you could be giving us something informative to read?
Thanks for sharing superb informations. Your site is so cool. I am impressed by the details that you¡¦ve on this web site. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for more articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found just the info I already searched everywhere and simply couldn’t come across. What an ideal web site.
Great blog here! Also your website loads up very fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as fast as yours lol
Greetings from Carolina! I’m bored to tears at work so I decided to browse your website on my iphone during lunch break. I love the info you provide here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m surprised at how fast your blog loaded on my phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, fantastic site!|
Hey there would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re using? I’m looking to start my own blog in the near future but I’m having a tough time making a decision between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S My apologies for getting off-topic but I had to ask!|
Usually I don’t read article on blogs, however I would like to say that this write-up very compelled me to try and do it! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thanks, very great article.|
Since the admin of this website is working, no question very rapidly it will be famous, due to its feature contents.|
A lot of thanks for all your effort on this web page. Kate loves going through internet research and it’s really simple to grasp why. My spouse and i notice all regarding the lively ways you make powerful tactics by means of this web blog and as well cause response from visitors about this area of interest so our own princess has always been understanding a great deal. Take advantage of the rest of the year. You’re the one conducting a really good job.
Wow, this post is pleasant, my younger sister is analyzing such things, so I am going to convey her.|
Right away I am going to do my breakfast, when having my breakfast coming again to read further news.|
you are actually a good webmaster. The web site loading pace is amazing. It sort of feels that you are doing any distinctive trick. Also, The contents are masterpiece. you have done a excellent task in this subject!
Hey there would you mind marinetid letting me know which hosting company you’re working with? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different internet browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you suggest a good web hosting provider at a honest price? Thanks a lot, I appreciate it!
Hi my family member! I wish to say that this post is amazing, nice written and come with almost all significant infos. I’d like to see extra posts like this .|
Have you ever considered about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is important and all. However imagine if you added some great images or videos to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with images and video clips, this site could definitely be one of the most beneficial in its field. Fantastic blog!|
I¡¦ve read a few excellent stuff here. Certainly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how much attempt you set to create such a wonderful informative website.
Hey just wanted to give you a quick heads up and let you know a few of the pictures aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different web browsers and both show the same results.|
Sorry to say, there are not numerous similar online companies like yours. I do not understand if it is an excellent aim but nevertheless, I’m happy that you publish the writing!
Its such as you learn my mind! You appear to grasp a lot approximately this, like you wrote the e-book in it or something. I think that you just could do with some % to drive the message home a little bit, however instead of that, this is magnificent blog. A fantastic read. I’ll definitely be back.|
Good day! This is kind of off topic but I need some guidance from an established blog. Is it very hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty fast. I’m thinking about making my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any ideas or suggestions? Many thanks|
If some one needs to be updated with most up-to-date technologies therefore he must be visit this web site and be up to date daily.|
Hey! Would you mind if I share your blog with my facebook group? There’s a lot of folks that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Thank you|
Post writing is also a excitement, if you be familiar with then you can write if not it is complicated to write.|
I was recommended this blog by my cousin. I’m not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my difficulty. You’re amazing! Thanks!
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! By the way, how can we communicate?|
I have been browsing online more than 4 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will be much more useful than ever before.|
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your magnificent post. Also, I’ve shared your website in my social networks!
It really is a nicely put together concept and shall be appreciated for that. Thank you for explaining what required to be said.
Wonderful article! We are linking to this particularly great article on our site. Keep up the good writing.|
Nice weblog here! Also your web site so much up very fast! What host are you the use of? Can I get your affiliate hyperlink on your host? I want my website loaded up as fast as yours lol|
I really like your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you create this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz answer back as I’m looking to create my own blog and would like to know where u got this from. cheers|
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. After all I will be subscribing to your feed and I hope you write again soon!
I know this web site offers quality dependent articles and additional material, is there any other site which provides these information in quality?|
I like the helpful info you provide in your articles. I’ll bookmark your blog and check again here frequently. I am quite certain I’ll learn plenty of new stuff right here! Good luck for the next!
Wow! Thank you! I constantly needed to write on my website something like that. Can I implement a fragment of your post to my site?
I just couldn’t go away your website before suggesting that I actually loved the usual information a person provide on your guests? Is going to be again steadily in order to inspect new posts|
I was very happy nodlso to search out this web-site.I wished to thanks on your time for this glorious learn!! I definitely having fun with every little bit of it and I have you bookmarked to take a look at new stuff you blog post.
What’s up, after reading this remarkable post i am as well delighted to share my knowledge here with colleagues.|
I blog often and I really thank you for your information. This article has truly peaked my interest. I’m going to bookmark your blog and keep checking for new details about once per week. I opted in for your Feed as well.|
fantastic issues altogether goflids, you simply won a emblem new reader. What would you recommend in regards to your submit that you simply made some days in the past? Any positive?
You produced some decent points there. I looked on the internet for that concern and located most individuals will go together with with the site.
Hi there, just became aware of your weblog via Google, and identified that itâ€™s truly informative. Iâ€™m gonna watch out for brussels. I will appreciate should you continue this in future. Lots of people will probably be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
naturally like your web site but you have to test the spelling on quite a few of your posts. A number of them are rife with spelling issues and I in finding it very troublesome to inform the truth on the other hand I will certainly come back again.|
Can I simply just say what a comfort to discover someone that truly knows what they are discussing on the internet. You definitely know how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More and more people really need to look at this and understand this side of your story. I was surprised you’re not more popular given that you most certainly have the gift.|
I just could not leave your web site prior to suggesting that I actually enjoyed the standard info a person supply to your visitors? Is gonna be again regularly to check up on new posts
Very good info. Lucky me I came across your blog by accident (stumbleupon). I have bookmarked it for later!|
Hiya very cool site!! Man .. Beautiful .. Wonderful .. I’ll bookmark your website and take the feeds additionally¡KI’m satisfied to search out so many helpful info here in the post, we want work out extra strategies on this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
Hiya, I am really glad I have found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish just about gossips and net and this is really annoying. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thanks for keeping this website, I’ll be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can’t find it.
hi!,I love your writing so much! proportion we keep up a correspondence extra about your article on AOL? I require an expert on this house to unravel my problem. Maybe that is you! Looking ahead to look you. |
I am extremely impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your blog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Anyway keep up the nice quality writing, it is rare to see a great blog like this one these days..
Hello, you used to write wonderful, but the last several posts have been kinda boring¡K I miss your tremendous writings. Past several posts are just a bit out of track! come on!
Thanks , I have recently been looking for information approximately this subject for a while and yours is the best I have found out till now. But, what in regards to the conclusion? Are you sure in regards to the supply?
Wonderful beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your website, how could i subscribe for a blog web site? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept|
Do you have a spam issue on this website; I also am a blogger, and I was wondering your situation; we have developed some nice procedures and we are looking to exchange solutions with others, be sure to shoot me an e-mail if interested.|
This is the perfect site for everyone who wishes to find out about this topic. You realize so much its almost hard to argue with you (not that I personally would want toâ€¦HaHa). You definitely put a fresh spin on a topic that’s been written about for ages. Great stuff, just wonderful!|
I’ve learn several just right stuff here. Definitely price bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how much attempt you set to make this sort of fantastic informative web site.|
although websites we backlink to below are considerably not related to ours, we feel they’re in fact really worth a go through, so have a look
What i do not realize is if truth be told how you are not really much more neatly-preferred than you may be now. You’re very intelligent. You know therefore significantly when it comes to this subject, produced me for my part believe it from numerous varied angles. Its like men and women are not interested except it is something to accomplish with Girl gaga! Your individual stuffs excellent. All the time deal with it up!|
What’s up to every one, the contents present at this web site are genuinely awesome for people knowledge, well, keep up the nice work fellows.|
This paragraph will help the internet viewers for creating new webpage or even a blog from start to end.|
I do agree with all of the concepts you have offered to your post. They are very convincing and can certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are too quick for beginners. May just you please lengthen them a bit from subsequent time? Thanks for the post.|
Your style is very unique compared to other people I’ve read stuff from. Thank you for posting when you’ve got the opportunity, Guess I’ll just book mark this blog. clash of kings hack tool
Spot on with this write-up, I truly believe that this website needs much more attention. I’ll probably be back again to read more, thanks for the advice!|
It’s hard to come by knowledgeable people on this topic, however, you seem like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks|
hello!,I like your writing very so much! proportion we communicate extra about your post on AOL? I require an expert in this space to resolve my problem. Maybe that is you! Having a look forward to see you. |
Wow! This could be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We have ever arrive across on this subject. Actually Excellent. I am also a specialist in this topic therefore I can understand your effort.
Valuable information. Lucky me I found your site by accident, and I’m stunned why this twist of fate didn’t took place in advance! I bookmarked it.
I needed to post you this very little observation so as to give thanks the moment again with your stunning information you’ve contributed in this case. This is simply wonderfully open-handed with people like you to offer openly all a few people would’ve offered for sale as an ebook to end up making some cash for their own end, primarily seeing that you could possibly have tried it in the event you decided. Those concepts in addition acted to become a fantastic way to know that the rest have the identical desire really like my own to grasp very much more with reference to this condition. I know there are thousands of more enjoyable occasions up front for those who scan through your blog.
I think what you posted was very logical. But, what about this? what if you were to write a awesome headline? I ain’t suggesting your information isn’t good, however suppose you added something that grabbed a person’s attention? I mean %BLOG_TITLE% is kinda boring. You ought to look at Yahoo’s front page and note how they write post titles to grab viewers to open the links. You might add a video or a related pic or two to grab people excited about everything’ve written. In my opinion, it would bring your website a little bit more interesting.|
It is actually a great and helpful piece of info. I am satisfied that you simply shared this useful info with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.
After I initially commented I seem to have clicked the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and now every time a comment is added I recieve four emails with the exact same comment. There has to be a way you are able to remove me from that service? Thanks a lot!|
always a significant fan of linking to bloggers that I appreciate but really don’t get a lot of link like from
Hey! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be ok. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts.|
I really appreciate this post. I¡¦ve been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thanks again
It’s going to be finish of mine day, except before finish I am reading this impressive piece of writing to increase my know-how.|
Wonderful post! We will be linking to this particularly great article on our website. Keep up the great writing.|
No matter if some one searches for his necessary thing, so he/she wants to be available that in detail, therefore that thing is maintained over here.|
What’s up mates, nice paragraph and fastidious arguments commented here, I am truly enjoying by these.|
Hello, i think that i saw you visited my website so i came to “return the favor”.I am trying to find things to improve my website!I suppose its ok to use a few of your ideas!!
I just could not depart your site prior to suggesting that I actually loved the standard information a person supply
Have you ever thought about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is fundamental and all. However imagine if you added some great pictures or videos to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with pics and clips, this site could definitely be one of the very best in its niche. Good blog!|
You’ve made some decent points there. I checked on the web to find out more about the issue and found most individuals will go along with your views on this site.|
Good day! This is kind of off topic but I need some guidance from an established blog. Is it very difficult to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty fast. I’m thinking about creating my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any tips or suggestions? Appreciate it|
Good post. I learn something new and challenging on blogs I stumbleupon on a daily basis. It’s always helpful to read content from other authors and practice something from other websites. |
Howdy! I know this is kinda off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I’m getting sick and tired of WordPress because I’ve had issues with hackers and I’m looking at options for another platform. I would be great if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.|
Admiring the commitment you put into your blog and in depth information you offer. It’s awesome to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same unwanted rehashed material. Excellent read! I’ve bookmarked your site and I’m including your RSS feeds to my Google account.|
Hello there, You’ve done an excellent job. I will definitely digg it and individually suggest to my friends. I am sure they’ll be benefited from this website.|
When someone writes an piece of writing he/she retains the thought of a user in his/her brain that how a user can be aware of it. Therefore that’s why this paragraph is amazing. Thanks!|
What’s up it’s me, I am also visiting this site daily, this web page is in fact pleasant and the visitors are genuinely sharing pleasant thoughts.|
Right now it sounds like Expression Engine is the best blogging platform out there right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you’re using on your blog?|
My brother suggested I might like this web site. He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You can not imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!|
Great blog here! Also your web site loads up fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol|
It’s the best time to make some plans for the future and it is time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I want to suggest you few interesting things or tips. Maybe you can write next articles referring to this article. I wish to read even more things about it!|
Hello! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be okay. I’m absolutely enjoying your blog and look forward to new updates.|
That is really fascinating, You’re an excessively skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and sit up for in search of more of your great post. Also, I have shared your web site in my social networks|
Really no matter if someone doesn’t understand after that its up to other visitors that they will assist, so here it takes place.|
Thanks a bunch for sharing this with all of us you really understand what you’re talking approximately! Bookmarked. Please also discuss with my site =). We will have a link alternate contract between us|
very few internet websites that transpire to become comprehensive below, from our point of view are undoubtedly nicely worth checking out
Hi there, the whole thing is going sound here and ofcourse every one is sharing facts, that’s in fact excellent, keep up writing.|
This is really interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your magnificent post. Also, I’ve shared your website in my social networks!
It’s very trouble-free to find out any topic on net as compared to textbooks, as I found this piece of writing at this web page.|
Hiya very nice website!! Man .. Excellent .. Amazing .. I will bookmark your website and take the feeds also? I’m glad to find a lot of useful information here within the publish, we want work out more techniques on this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . .|
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! However, how can we communicate?|
Its like you read my mind! You appear to know a lot about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you could do with some pics to drive the message home a little bit, but instead of that, this is excellent blog. An excellent read. I will definitely be back.
Excellent beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your web site, how can i subscribe for a blog web site? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear idea|
I think the admin of this website is in fact working hard in support of his website, for the reason that here every stuff is quality based stuff.|
My video player in joomla doesn’t play videos in firefox if the latest flash player isn’t installed. I’d like to have it like a professional player to show a dialog saying: “Do you want to install flash player 10” or how it says when you go to a professional website so users don’t have to search and download flash player manually…. . Does anyone know, how to do this?.
I have been exploring for a little for any high quality articles or blog posts on this sort of space . Exploring in Yahoo I eventually stumbled upon this site. Reading this information So i am satisfied to express that I’ve a very good uncanny feeling I found out just what I needed. I such a lot undoubtedly will make certain to don?t overlook this site and provides it a glance on a continuing basis.|
We don’t just take a back seat we help you all the way through the process of either getting your internet business off the ground or helping you expand an existing one and we do so at an affordable price.
Businesses must carefully manage their business and be mindful of how to leverage technologies that provide maximum productivity, security and ease of use.
Hello There. I discovered your weblog the use of msn. This is a very neatly written article. I will be sure to bookmark it and return to read extra of your helpful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely comeback.|
My partner and I stumbled over here by a different web address and thought I should check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to checking out your web page for a second time.|
Spot on with this write-up, I honestly think this web site needs a lot more attention. I’ll probably be returning to read through more, thanks for the information!|
An interesting discussion is worth comment. I think that you need to publish more on this topic, it may not be a taboo subject but usually folks don’t speak about these topics. To the next! Best wishes!!|
I was wondering if you ever considered changing the structure of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or two images. Maybe you could space it out better?|
I want to express my thanks to you just for bailing me out of this particular difficulty. After exploring through the world wide web and getting principles which were not beneficial, I thought my life was gone. Existing devoid of the solutions to the problems you’ve fixed as a result of your site is a crucial case, and the kind which may have in a negative way affected my entire career if I hadn’t come across your blog post. Your own competence and kindness in taking care of almost everything was valuable. I’m not sure what I would’ve done if I had not come upon such a solution like this. I am able to now look ahead to my future. Thank you very much for this reliable and amazing help. I won’t be reluctant to suggest the website to anybody who would like assistance about this matter.
I keep listening to the news update talk about receiving boundless online grant applications so I have been looking around for the finest site to get one. Could you tell me please, where could i acquire some?
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your site and in accession capital to assert that I get actually enjoyed account your blog posts. Anyway I will be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently quickly.|
I was wondering if you ever thought of changing the layout of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or two images. Maybe you could space it out better?|
Someone necessarily help to make severely articles I’d state. That is the very first time I frequented your web page and to this point? I surprised with the research you made to make this actual post incredible. Great job!|
Hi there to every one, it’s in fact a nice for me to visit this web site, it contains helpful Information.|
I’m very pleased to discover this page. I need to to thank you for ones time just for this fantastic read!! I definitely really liked every part of it and I have you book marked to see new things in your blog.|
although web sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not associated to ours, we feel they may be basically really worth a go by, so possess a look
Fantastic items from you, man. I’ve keep in mind your stuff prior to and you’re simply extremely fantastic. I actually like what you have acquired here, really like what you are stating and the way through which you are saying it. You’re making it entertaining and you still take care of to keep it smart. I cant wait to read far more from you. This is actually a wonderful web site.|
I am just commenting to make you know what a helpful experience my wife’s girl gained browsing yuor web blog. She mastered a lot of pieces, which included how it is like to possess an amazing teaching mindset to let other folks just comprehend certain tricky issues. You actually surpassed our desires. Thank you for producing these productive, trustworthy, informative and fun thoughts on that topic to Janet.
Wonderful blog! I found it while surfing around on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks|
Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it’s really informative. I am gonna watch out for brussels. I will be grateful if you continue this in future. Lots of people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!|
of course like your website but you need to test the spelling on several of your posts. Many of them are rife with spelling problems and I to find it very bothersome to tell the truth however I¡¦ll surely come again again.
Definitely believe that which you stated. Your favorite reason appeared to be on the internet the simplest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I definitely get irked while people consider worries that they just do not know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side-effects , people can take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks
Great post however , I was wondering if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very grateful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Bless you!|
This site was… how do I say it? Relevant!! Finally I have found something which helped me. Many thanks!|
I was more than happy to discover this website. I wanted to thank you for ones time for this particularly wonderful read!! I definitely enjoyed every bit of it and i also have you book marked to look at new information in your web site.|
I am regular visitor, how are you everybody? This piece of writing posted at this website is truly pleasant.|
hi!,I like your writing very so much! proportion we communicate extra approximately your post on AOL? I require an expert on this house to resolve my problem. Maybe that is you! Taking a look forward to peer you.
continuously i used to read smaller articles which also clear their motive, and that is also happening with this paragraph which I am reading here.|
I have to thank you for the efforts you have put in penning this blog. I really hope to view the same high-grade content by you in the future as well. In truth, your creative writing abilities has inspired me to get my own, personal site now ;)|
Quality posts is the crucial to invite the people to pay a quick visit the site, that’s what this web page is providing.|
I will right away clutch your rss feed as I can’t in finding your email subscription link or newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly allow me realize in order that I may subscribe. Thanks.
I was curious if you ever thought of changing the structure of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?|
Hi there, this weekend is fastidious in favor of me, as this moment i am reading this great educational article here at my house.|
Hey! I’m at work browsing your blog from my new apple iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading through your blog and look forward to all your posts! Keep up the outstanding work!|
Hi there it’s me, I am also visiting this web page daily, this web page is actually good and the users are in fact sharing good thoughts.|
Good web site! I truly love how it is simple on my eyes and the data are well written. I am wondering how I might be notified whenever a new post has been made. I’ve subscribed to your feed which must do the trick! Have a great day!
Hello Dear, are you really visiting this site regularly, if so after that you will definitely obtain good knowledge.|
Super-Duper site! I am loving it!! Will be back later to read some more. I am bookmarking your feeds also
Hi there, I think your web site could be having browser compatibility problems. Whenever I take a look at your site in Safari, it looks fine but when opening in IE, it has some overlapping issues. I merely wanted to give you a quick heads up! Apart from that, excellent blog!|
Hi there to all, how is all, I think every one is getting more from this website, and your views are pleasant in favor of new users.|
Excellent post. Keep posting such kind of information on your blog. Im really impressed by your blog.
If some one wishes to be updated with most recent technologies therefore he must be pay a visit this web site and be up to date every day.|
Generally I do not read article on blogs, but I would like to say that this write-up very pressured me to try and do so! Your writing taste has been amazed me. Thank you, quite nice article.|
Thank you for the good writeup. It actually was a entertainment account it. Glance advanced to more brought agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate?|
Hello, the whole thing is going sound here and ofcourse every one is sharing data, that’s really fine, keep up writing.|
I am truly happy to read this weblog posts which carries tons of helpful information, thanks for providing these kinds of statistics.|
Hello, after reading this remarkable post i am also delighted to share my knowledge here with mates.|
Hi, Neat post. There’s an issue together with your website in web explorer, might test this? IE still is the market chief and a good element of folks will leave out your magnificent writing due to this problem.|
Thank you a lot for sharing this with all of us you really recognize what you’re talking about! Bookmarked. Please also consult with my web site =). We will have a hyperlink change agreement between us!
Heya i’m for the first time here. I came across this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out much. I hope to give something back and aid others like you aided me.|
Hello there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this site before but after reading through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely glad I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back frequently!|
Thanks for your marvelous posting! I genuinely enjoyed reading it, you’re a great author. I will be sure to bookmark your blog and will come back very soon. I want to encourage you to continue your great posts, have a nice evening!|
You can certainly see your enthusiasm in the paintings you write. The world hopes for more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to say how they believe. Always follow your heart.
Excellent read, I just passed this onto a colleague who was doing a little research on that. And he just bought me lunch as I found it for him smile Therefore let me rephrase that: Thank you for lunch!
excellent publish, very informative. I wonder why the opposite experts of this sector don’t realize this. You should continue your writing. I’m sure, you have a huge readers’ base already!
Hey would you mind stating which blog platform you’re using? I’m going to start my own blog soon but I’m having a tough time deciding between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique. P.S My apologies for being off-topic but I had to ask!|
Howdy! I simply wish to offer you a big thumbs up for the excellent info you have right here on this post. I will be coming back to your blog for more soon.|
What’s Going down i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I’ve found It absolutely helpful and it has helped me out loads. I’m hoping to give a contribution & aid different users like its aided me. Good job.|
A motivating discussion is definitely worth comment. I do believe that you should write more about this subject matter, it may not be a taboo matter but generally folks don’t talk about these topics. To the next! Best wishes!!|
Hey there are using WordPress for your site platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and set up my own. Do you need any html coding expertise to make your own blog? Any help would be greatly appreciated!|
Good way of explaining, and nice piece of writing to obtain facts regarding my presentation topic, which i am going to convey in institution of higher education.|
Your method of describing everything in this article is really fastidious, all be able to simply know it, Thanks a lot.|
First of all I want to say great blog! I had a quick question which I’d like to ask if you do not mind. I was interested to know how you center yourself and clear your mind before writing. I have had trouble clearing my thoughts in getting my thoughts out there. I truly do enjoy writing but it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are usually lost simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any recommendations or tips? Kudos!|
It’s wonderful that you are getting ideas from this post as well as from our argument made at this time.|
Simply wish to say your article is as astounding. The clarity in your post is simply cool and i could assume you’re an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission allow me to grab your RSS feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please carry on the rewarding work.
It’s impressive that you are getting thoughts from this post as well as from our dialogue made at this place.|
Wow that was unusual. I just wrote an extremely long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t show up. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Anyways, just wanted to say excellent blog!|
We’re a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your website provided us with valuable information to work on. You have done a formidable job and our entire community will be thankful to you.
At this time I am going to do my breakfast, afterward having my breakfast coming again to read further news.|
Hi there, I discovered your blog by way of Google even as searching for a comparable matter, your web site came up, it looks great. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Hello there! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us useful information to work on. You have done a wonderful job!|
We’re a group of volunteers and opening a new scheme in our community. Your website offered us with valuable information to work on. You’ve done a formidable job and our entire community will be grateful to you.|
First off I want to say superb blog! I had a quick question in which I’d like to ask if you don’t mind. I was interested to find out how you center yourself and clear your mind before writing. I’ve had a difficult time clearing my thoughts in getting my ideas out. I truly do take pleasure in writing but it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes tend to be wasted simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any suggestions or tips? Appreciate it!|
For newest news you have to pay a quick visit web and on world-wide-web I found this site as a finest website for newest updates.|
please take a look at the websites we follow, including this 1, as it represents our picks in the web
It’s really a great and helpful piece of information. I’m glad that you shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.|
Useful information. Fortunate me I found your website accidentally, and I am shocked why this twist of fate didn’t came about earlier! I bookmarked it.
I’m having some small security problems with my latest site and I’d like to find something more risk-free.
I used to be suggested this website by means of my cousin. I’m no longer sure whether or not this put up is written through him as no one else understand such unique approximately my trouble. You’re wonderful! Thank you!|
Admiring the time and effort you put into your website and detailed information you present. It’s awesome to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same out of date rehashed material. Great read! I’ve saved your site and I’m adding your RSS feeds to my Google account.|
Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it’s truly informative. I’m gonna watch out for brussels. I’ll appreciate if you continue this in future. Many people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it’s truly informative. I’m going to watch out for brussels. I will be grateful if you continue this in future. Many people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
I would like to thnkx for the efforts you’ve put in writing this site. I’m hoping the same high-grade website post from you in the upcoming as well. In fact your creative writing abilities has inspired me to get my own blog now. Actually the blogging is spreading its wings quickly. Your write up is a great example of it.
Heya i am for the first time here. I found this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out much. I hope to give something back and help others like you aided me.
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to assert that I get actually enjoyed account your blog posts. Anyway I’ll be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently fast.|
although web sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not connected to ours, we really feel they are truly worth a go through, so possess a look
Thank you for the good writeup. It actually was once a leisure account it. Glance complicated to more brought agreeable from you! However, how could we communicate?|
Thanks designed for sharing such a fastidious idea, post is nice, thats why i have read it completely|
Howdy! Do you use Twitter? I’d like to follow you if that would be ok. I’m definitely enjoying your blog and look forward to new posts.|
hello!,I really like your writing so much! proportion we keep in touch more approximately your article on AOL? I need a specialist on this space to solve my problem. May be that’s you! Looking forward to look you. |
Hey! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any trouble with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing a few months of hard work due to no backup. Do you have any methods to protect against hackers?|
Every after in a even though we choose blogs that we study. Listed beneath are the latest sites that we decide on
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I’ll make sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful info. Thanks for the post. I will definitely return.|
I have been surfing online more than three hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will be much more useful than ever before.
Great goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you are just extremely fantastic. I actually like what you’ve acquired here, certainly like what you’re stating and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still care for to keep it sensible. I cant wait to read much more from you. This is actually a terrific web site.|
Asking questions are really good thing if you are not understanding something fully, except this article presents fastidious understanding yet.|
Please let me know if you’re looking for a author for your weblog. You have some really good articles and I think I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d absolutely love to write some articles for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please shoot me an email if interested. Regards!|
First off I would like to say excellent blog! I had a quick question that I’d like to ask if you don’t mind. I was curious to find out how you center yourself and clear your thoughts prior to writing. I’ve had difficulty clearing my mind in getting my ideas out. I truly do enjoy writing but it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are wasted simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any suggestions or tips? Thanks!|
I think this is one of the most significant info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But should remark on few general things, The website style is great, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers|
Hi! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could get a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having problems finding one? Thanks a lot!|
Wow, marvelous blog structure! How long have you ever been blogging for? you made blogging glance easy. The whole look of your website is great, let alone the content material!
My family always say that I am wasting my time here at web, however I know I am getting knowledge everyday by reading thes nice articles or reviews.|
We’re a bunch of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your website provided us with useful info to work on. You have done a formidable activity and our entire neighborhood will be thankful to you.|
I¡¦ll immediately take hold of your rss feed as I can’t to find your email subscription link or newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly allow me realize so that I may just subscribe. Thanks.
My brother suggested I might like this website. He was entirely right. This post actually made my day. You cann’t imagine simply how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!|
Everything is very open with a precise description of the challenges. It was truly informative. Your website is very helpful. Thank you for sharing!|
I have not checked in here for some time as I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are good quality so I guess I will add you back to my everyday bloglist. You deserve it my friend 🙂
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your point. You obviously know what youre talking about, why throw away your intelligence on just posting videos to your site when you could be giving us something informative to read?|
I have been browsing on-line greater than 3 hours nowadays, yet I by no means discovered any interesting article like yours. It¡¦s pretty worth sufficient for me. In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made just right content as you did, the web will be a lot more useful than ever before.
Hey There. I discovered your weblog the usage of msn. This is a very well written article. I’ll be sure to bookmark it and come back to learn more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely return.|
Hey there would you mind stating which blog platform you’re using? I’m going to start my own blog soon but I’m having a tough time selecting between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique. P.S Sorry for getting off-topic but I had to ask!|
Great blog here! Also your site loads up very fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as fast as yours lol|
Fantastic beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your site, how can i subscribe for a blog website? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear concept
very handful of websites that transpire to be comprehensive beneath, from our point of view are undoubtedly properly worth checking out
What’s up, all the time i used to check blog posts here early in the dawn, as i like to gain knowledge of more and more.|
First off I want to say superb blog! I had a quick question which I’d like to ask if you don’t mind. I was interested to know how you center yourself and clear your mind before writing. I’ve had a tough time clearing my mind in getting my thoughts out. I do enjoy writing but it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are generally wasted simply just trying to figure out how to begin. Any ideas or hints? Cheers!|
I always used to study post in news papers but now as I am a user of internet thus from now I am using net for content, thanks to web.|
I just want to say I am newbie to weblog and really liked you’re web page. Most likely I’m planning to bookmark your website . You surely have incredible posts. Cheers for sharing your website page.
Thank you a lot for providing individuals with a very brilliant possiblity to check tips from this site. It is often very sweet and also packed with fun for me personally and my office peers to search your website at the very least 3 times in one week to see the new secrets you have got. Of course, we are usually fulfilled for the brilliant opinions you serve. Some 3 facts in this article are truly the most effective I’ve had.
I want to show some thanks to the writer for rescuing me from such a circumstance. Because of browsing through the internet and obtaining tricks which were not powerful, I was thinking my entire life was done. Being alive without the answers to the issues you have sorted out through your good write-up is a critical case, as well as the ones that might have in a negative way affected my career if I hadn’t encountered the website. Your good skills and kindness in dealing with every part was important. I’m not sure what I would have done if I had not encountered such a subject like this. I’m able to at this time look ahead to my future. Thank you very much for the impressive and amazing help. I won’t be reluctant to recommend the sites to any person who should have support about this issue.
I really like your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you create this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz reply as I’m looking to design my own blog and would like to find out where u got this from. thanks a lot|
just beneath, are a lot of completely not associated web pages to ours, however, they are surely worth going over
Hello! I know this is sort of off-topic however I had to ask. Does building a well-established blog such as yours take a massive amount work? I am completely new to blogging but I do write in my journal every day. I’d like to start a blog so I can easily share my own experience and thoughts online. Please let me know if you have any recommendations or tips for new aspiring blog owners. Appreciate it!|
Someone essentially lend a hand to make critically articles I’d state. This is the very first time I frequented your website page and up to now? I amazed with the analysis you made to create this actual publish incredible. Excellent process!
I’m not sure where you’re getting your info, but great topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or understanding more. Thanks for great info I was looking for this information for my mission.|
Hey! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Keep up the superb work!|
I think this is among the most significant info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But want to remark on some general things, The site style is ideal, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers
constantly i used to read smaller content that as well clear their motive, and that is also happening with this paragraph which I am reading now.|
please pay a visit to the websites we comply with, such as this a single, because it represents our picks in the web
Hey there would you mind letting me know which webhost you’re working with? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different internet browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most. Can you suggest a good hosting provider at a fair price? Thank you, I appreciate it!|
Wow! This can be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We have ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Great. I’m also an expert in this topic so I can understand your hard work.
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own weblog and was curious what all is required to get set up? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very web savvy so I’m not 100% certain. Any recommendations or advice would be greatly appreciated. Kudos|
Very nice article and right to the point. I am not sure if this is in fact the best place to ask but do you people have any thoughts on where to employ some professional writers? Thx 🙂
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this site. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very hard to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and visual appeal. I must say you have done a fantastic job with this. Also, the blog loads very fast for me on Chrome. Exceptional Blog!|
Right here is the right webpage for anyone who would like to understand this topic. You realize a whole lot its almost tough to argue with you (not that I actually would want toâ€¦HaHa). You definitely put a fresh spin on a subject that has been discussed for many years. Great stuff, just excellent!|
check below, are some entirely unrelated websites to ours, having said that, they may be most trustworthy sources that we use
I have been surfing online more than three hours nowadays, yet I never discovered any attention-grabbing article like yours. It is lovely value sufficient for me. In my view, if all web owners and bloggers made excellent content material as you did, the internet might be a lot more helpful than ever before.
Everything is very open with a really clear explanation of the challenges. It was truly informative. Your website is useful. Thank you for sharing!|
I don’t even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was great. I don’t know who you are but definitely you’re going to a famous blogger if you are not already 😉 Cheers!
Great tremendous issues here. I am very satisfied to see your article. Thank you a lot and i’m having a look ahead to contact you. Will you please drop me a e-mail?
I have been examinating out many of your stories and i must say nice stuff. I will make sure to bookmark your site.
What i don’t realize is actually how you’re not really much more smartly-favored than you might be now. You’re so intelligent. You already know thus considerably in relation to this topic, made me in my opinion believe it from a lot of various angles. Its like men and women aren’t fascinated except it is something to do with Woman gaga! Your individual stuffs outstanding. At all times take care of it up!
Wonderful goods from you, man. I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you’re just too fantastic. I really like what you’ve acquired here, really like what you’re stating and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still care for to keep it sensible. I can’t wait to read much more from you. This is actually a tremendous site.|
Good web site! I truly love how it is easy on my eyes and the data are well written. I am wondering how I could be notified when a new post has been made. I’ve subscribed to your RSS which must do the trick! Have a great day!
always i used to read smaller articles or reviews that as well clear their motive, and that is also happening with this piece of writing which I am reading now.|
Does your website have a contact page? I’m having problems locating it but, I’d like to shoot you an e-mail. I’ve got some recommendations for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great blog and I look forward to seeing it grow over time.|
Wonderful paintings! This is the kind of info that are meant to be shared across the internet. Disgrace on the seek engines for now not positioning this post higher! Come on over and visit my web site . Thanks =)
You could certainly see your expertise within the paintings you write. The world hopes for even more passionate writers such as you who aren’t afraid to mention how they believe. At all times follow your heart.
I am no longer positive the place you are getting your info, however great topic. I needs to spend a while studying more or figuring out more. Thank you for fantastic information I used to be searching for this information for my mission.
It’s the best time to make a few plans for the future and it is time to be happy. I’ve read this post and if I may I want to recommend you some interesting issues or tips. Maybe you could write next articles relating to this article. I wish to read more things about it!|
I recently started a blog, and I was just wondering how people have promoted their blogs online to get more followers so you aren’t just typing to nothing out in the internet?. Oh, and for my blog, I don’t really want my friends to be my followers, unless they find it on their own. My blog is about something that most of my friend’s can’t really help me with. (Photography is the main subject).
It’s appropriate time to make some plans for the future and it is time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I want to suggest you some interesting things or suggestions. Perhaps you could write next articles referring to this article. I want to read even more things about it!
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to assist with SEO? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good success. If you know of any please share. Appreciate it!|
I got this web page from my buddy who shared with me regarding this site and at the moment this time I am browsing this website and reading very informative posts at this time.|
Great blog! Do you have any helpful hints for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you propose starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many options out there that I’m completely overwhelmed .. Any suggestions? Thank you!|
You’ve made some good points there. I looked on the web to find out more about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this web site.|
You actually make it seem so easy with your presentation however I find this matter to be actually something that I feel I would never understand. It kind of feels too complicated and extremely extensive for me. I am taking a look forward in your next submit, I¡¦ll attempt to get the hold of it!
I simply wanted to say thanks again. I am not sure the things I would have worked on in the absence of the actual aspects contributed by you concerning that question. It truly was the frightening difficulty in my circumstances, nevertheless observing the professional strategy you processed that forced me to leap with happiness. Extremely happy for this support and in addition hope you recognize what an amazing job you were doing educating the mediocre ones via a blog. I am sure you’ve never got to know any of us.
Hello to all, the contents existing at this site are really amazing for people knowledge, well, keep up the good work fellows.|
Thank you a lot for sharing this with all of us you actually recognize what you are talking approximately! Bookmarked. Kindly additionally visit my website =). We will have a link trade arrangement among us!
I have recently started a blog, the information you provide on this site has helped me tremendously. Thank you for all of your time & work. “Yield not to evils, but attack all the more boldly.” by Virgil.
I’ve been surfing on-line greater than three hours these days, but I by no means found any interesting article like yours. It is lovely price sufficient for me. In my opinion, if all web owners and bloggers made excellent content material as you probably did, the internet will be much more helpful than ever before.|
magnificent submit, very informative. I wonder why the other specialists of this sector do not understand this. You should continue your writing. I am confident, you have a huge readers’ base already!
Heya i am for the first time here. I found this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out much. I hope to give something back and help others like you helped me.
I enjoy, lead to I found exactly what I was looking for. You’ve ended my 4 day lengthy hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye
just beneath, are quite a few entirely not related web sites to ours, nonetheless, they are certainly really worth going over
I just want to mention I am just beginner to blogs and absolutely loved you’re web blog. Very likely I’m planning to bookmark your blog post . You definitely have tremendous posts. Thanks a lot for sharing with us your website page.
I have been reading out some of your articles and i must say nice stuff. I will make sure to bookmark your site.
Wow, fantastic blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is excellent, as well as the content!|
I just want to mention I’m newbie to blogging and site-building and absolutely savored your blog site. Very likely I’m going to bookmark your website . You definitely come with awesome posts. Many thanks for sharing your webpage.
I just want to mention I’m beginner to blogging and site-building and truly loved your web site. Almost certainly I’m going to bookmark your site . You absolutely have impressive writings. Thanks a lot for revealing your website page.
Good blog you have got here.. It’s hard to find high-quality writing like yours these days. I really appreciate individuals like you! Take care!!|
I’m really loving the theme/design of your web site. Do you ever run into any browser compatibility problems? A couple of my blog readers have complained about my site not operating correctly in Explorer but looks great in Safari. Do you have any tips to help fix this problem?|
There is visibly a bundle to identify about this. I believe you made some good points in features also.
I simply want to mention I’m very new to blogs and definitely savored your web-site. Probably I’m want to bookmark your blog . You definitely come with beneficial articles. Regards for revealing your webpage.
If you wish for to improve your knowledge simply keep visiting this site and be updated with the hottest gossip posted here.|
Hello just wanted to give you a brief heads up and let you know a few of the pictures aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different browsers and both show the same outcome.|
Good write-up, I¡¦m normal visitor of one¡¦s web site, maintain up the excellent operate, and It is going to be a regular visitor for a lengthy time.
Thanks for sharing excellent informations. Your website is so cool. I’m impressed by the details that you¡¦ve on this website. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for more articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found just the info I already searched everywhere and just could not come across. What a great web site.
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you penning this article and the rest of the website is also very good.|
I just want to tell you that I am just newbie to weblog and truly enjoyed this web blog. Likely I’m going to bookmark your blog . You amazingly come with fabulous writings. Thank you for sharing your blog.
Spot on with this write-up, I truly believe that this amazing site needs a lot more attention. I’ll probably be back again to read through more, thanks for the information!|
I simply want to say I’m newbie to blogging and absolutely savored you’re website. Probably I’m likely to bookmark your site . You absolutely have fantastic articles and reviews. Thank you for revealing your website page.
Terrific paintings! This is the kind of info that should be shared across the web. Shame on Google for now not positioning this put up upper! Come on over and visit my site . Thanks =)
Hi, Neat post. There’s an issue together with your web site in web explorer, would check this? IE nonetheless is the marketplace leader and a huge component of other people will omit your great writing due to this problem.|
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I’ll be sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I will certainly comeback.
I simply want to say I am beginner to blogging and truly enjoyed this web site. Probably I’m want to bookmark your website . You definitely have great stories. Bless you for revealing your website page.
Hey there! I could have sworn I’ve been to this site before but after reading through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Nonetheless, I’m definitely delighted I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back frequently!|
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be really something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complex and very broad for me. I’m looking forward for your next post, I’ll try to get the hang of it!
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossips and net and this is actually annoying. A good blog with interesting content, that is what I need. Thank you for keeping this site, I will be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Cant find it.
Good day! This post could not be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept chatting about this. I will forward this write-up to him. Fairly certain he will have a good read. Many thanks for sharing!|
I like the helpful information you provide in your articles. I’ll bookmark your blog and check again here frequently. I am quite sure I will learn many new stuff right here! Best of luck for the next!
Howdy! This blog post could not be written much better! Looking at this article reminds me of my previous roommate! He constantly kept preaching about this. I’ll forward this post to him. Fairly certain he will have a great read. I appreciate you for sharing!|
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It actually used to be a leisure account it. Glance complex to far brought agreeable from you! However, how could we keep in touch?|
I’m not sure where you are getting your info, but great topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thanks for excellent information I was looking for this information for my mission.
Hey, you used to write magnificent, but the last several posts have been kinda boring¡K I miss your great writings. Past several posts are just a little out of track! come on!
It’s very easy to find out any matter on net as compared to books, as I found this article at this web page.|
Ahaa, its fastidious conversation regarding this paragraph at this place at this webpage, I have read all that, so now me also commenting at this place.|
Hey very nice blog!! Guy .. Excellent .. Superb .. I’ll bookmark your blog and take the feeds additionally? I’m satisfied to find numerous helpful info right here in the put up, we’d like develop extra strategies in this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . .|
Hello colleagues, its great piece of writing on the topic of educationand fully defined, keep it up all the time.|
although web-sites we backlink to below are considerably not related to ours, we really feel they may be actually worth a go by means of, so have a look
Hello, Neat post. There’s an issue with your website in web explorer, could check this¡K IE nonetheless is the market chief and a large element of people will leave out your wonderful writing because of this problem.
My brother recommended I might like this website. He was totally right. This post truly made my day. You cann’t imagine just how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!|
I have not checked in here for some time as I thought it was getting boring, but the last several posts are great quality so I guess I¡¦ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend 🙂
This is a very good tip especially to those fresh to the blogosphere. Brief but very precise infoâ€¦ Appreciate your sharing this one. A must read post!|
I carry on listening to the news lecture about receiving free online grant applications so I have been looking around for the best site to get one. Could you tell me please, where could i acquire some?
I think this is among the most significant information for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But wanna remark on few general things, The web site style is wonderful, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers
Hello, I want to subscribe for this blog to get latest updates, therefore where can i do it please help out.|
always a massive fan of linking to bloggers that I appreciate but dont get a whole lot of link appreciate from
Thanks for a marvelous posting! I truly enjoyed reading it, you might be a great author.I will ensure that I bookmark your blog and will eventually come back down the road. I want to encourage yourself to continue your great job, have a nice weekend!|
Hello! I’ve been following your blog for a long time now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Dallas Texas! Just wanted to say keep up the great job!|
I¡¦ve recently started a site, the info you provide on this web site has helped me tremendously. Thank you for all of your time & work.
Hiya very cool website!! Man .. Beautiful .. Wonderful .. I will bookmark your blog and take the feeds additionally? I’m satisfied to search out numerous helpful information here in the submit, we need develop more strategies on this regard, thanks for sharing. . . . . .|
I precisely had to thank you so much again. I’m not certain the things that I could possibly have tried without these suggestions shared by you over this question. Entirely was a very fearsome difficulty for me personally, nevertheless encountering this professional strategy you processed that forced me to leap for contentment. Extremely grateful for your assistance and even hope that you recognize what a great job that you are undertaking educating some other people via your blog post. More than likely you’ve never met all of us.
Does your website have a contact page? I’m having problems locating it but, I’d like to send you an e-mail. I’ve got some ideas for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great blog and I look forward to seeing it improve over time.|
Great post and right to the point. I am not sure if this is truly the best place to ask but do you folks have any thoughts on where to hire some professional writers? Thx 🙂
I visit everyday a few sites and sites to read posts, except this blog provides feature based writing.|
If some one needs expert view about blogging and site-building then i recommend him/her to visit this webpage, Keep up the pleasant work.|
These are really impressive ideas in about blogging. You have touched some good things here. Any way keep up wrinting.|
Youre so cool! I dont suppose Ive learn anything like this before. pskodysn So nice to seek out somebody with some original ideas on this subject. realy thanks for starting this up. this website is one thing that’s wanted on the web, somebody with slightly originality. useful job for bringing something new to the internet!
I was suggested this website by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my problem. You’re wonderful! Thanks!|
Hi, Neat post. There’s a problem together with your website in internet explorer, may check this… IE still is the market chief and a large portion of folks will omit your fantastic writing due to this problem.
What’s up it’s me, I am also visiting this site on a regular basis, this website is genuinely nice and the visitors are truly sharing good thoughts.|
Thanks for the marvelous posting! I seriously enjoyed reading it, you might be a great author.I will make certain to bookmark your blog and definitely will come back in the foreseeable future. I want to encourage you to continue your great job, have a nice weekend!|
Just want to say your article is as amazing. The clearness in your post is simply spectacular and i could assume you are an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission allow me to grab your RSS feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please carry on the rewarding work.|
Howdy, i read your blog from time to time and i own a similar one and i was just curious if you get a lot of spam responses? If so how do you protect against it, any plugin or anything you can recommend? I get so much lately it’s driving me crazy so any help is very much appreciated.|
If some one needs to be updated with hottest technologies afterward he must be visit this site and be up to date daily.|
I was curious if you ever considered changing the structure of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or 2 pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?|
Have you ever considered writing an ebook or guest authoring on other websites? I have a blog based upon on the same ideas you discuss and would really like to have you share some stories/information. I know my readers would value your work. If you are even remotely interested, feel free to shoot me an email.|
Is Joomla software harder than Dreamweaver to learn. I have been told that Joomla is easier than Dreamweaver. Do Joomla make its own codes like Dreamweaver. I want to learn it and I want to buy the software. Please give me your opinion. Do I need to buy the Joomla program or not? . . Thx, God bless, take care! .
Fine way of telling, and pleasant piece of writing to obtain information on the topic of my presentation topic, which i am going to present in university.|
I have learn some excellent stuff here. Definitely worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how much effort you place to make this sort of magnificent informative website.
This is a great tip especially to those fresh to the blogosphere. Simple but very accurate informationâ€¦ Appreciate your sharing this one. A must read article!|
Hurrah, that’s what I was exploring for, what a data! present here at this blog, thanks admin of this site.|
Does your site have a contact page? I’m having trouble locating it but, I’d like to send you an e-mail. I’ve got some creative ideas for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great website and I look forward to seeing it develop over time.|
This excellent website truly has all of the information and facts I wanted about this subject and didn’t know who to ask. |
I’m really enjoying the design and layout of your website. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more enjoyable for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a designer to create your theme? Excellent work!|
Every when inside a although we opt for blogs that we study. Listed beneath would be the most recent web sites that we opt for
Hello there, You’ve performed a great job. I’ll definitely digg it and personally recommend to my friends. I’m confident they will be benefited from this web site.|
If you wish for to take much from this article then you have to apply these strategies to your won webpage.|
Hi there to all, the contents existing at this site are really remarkable for people knowledge, well, keep up the nice work fellows.|
It’s really a great and helpful piece of information. I am satisfied that you shared this helpful information with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.|
Hiya, I’m really glad I’ve found this information. Nowadays bloggers publish only about gossips and net and this is actually irritating. A good blog with exciting content, this is what I need. Thank you for keeping this site, I’ll be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Can’t find it.
You made some nice points there. I looked on the internet for the subject and found most persons will consent with your site.
Remarkable! Its actually remarkable piece of writing, I have got much clear idea concerning from this article.|
Hey would you mind letting me know which webhost you’re utilizing? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different web browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you suggest a good hosting provider at a honest price? Cheers, I appreciate it!|
Wow! This could be one particular of the most beneficial blogs We have ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Great. I am also an expert in this topic therefore I can understand your hard work.
This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your magnificent post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks!
I keep listening to the reports speak about receiving boundless online grant applications so I have been looking around for the top site to get one. Could you tell me please, where could i get some?
It’s nearly impossible to find experienced people in this particular subject, but you seem like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks|
Hi all, here every person is sharing these kinds of know-how, thus it’s pleasant to read this blog, and I used to pay a quick visit this website everyday.|
Hi there! This article could not be written any better! Looking through this post reminds me of my previous roommate! He constantly kept talking about this. I’ll send this post to him. Pretty sure he’ll have a great read. I appreciate you for sharing!|
Hi, all is going sound here and ofcourse every one is sharing data, that’s actually excellent, keep up writing.|
check below, are some entirely unrelated internet sites to ours, nevertheless, they’re most trustworthy sources that we use
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your wonderful post. Also, I’ve shared your website in my social networks!
If you are going for best contents like me, simply go to see this web page every day as it presents feature contents, thanks|
I’m amazed, I have to admit. Seldom do I come across a blog that’s both educative and entertaining, and let me tell you, you’ve hit the nail on the head. The problem is an issue that too few people are speaking intelligently about. I am very happy that I stumbled across this during my search for something regarding this.|
You really make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this topic to be really something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complicated and very broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!|
I love reading an article that can make men and women think. Also, thanks for allowing me to comment!|
Hi there, You have performed an excellent job. I’ll certainly digg it and in my opinion recommend to my friends. I am confident they’ll be benefited from this website.|
I have to show thanks to the writer just for rescuing me from this circumstance. Right after researching through the the web and getting tips that were not powerful, I figured my entire life was well over. Living without the solutions to the difficulties you’ve sorted out all through your main write-up is a crucial case, and ones that could have negatively affected my career if I had not encountered your site. Your know-how and kindness in taking care of all areas was very helpful. I’m not sure what I would have done if I had not discovered such a stuff like this. It’s possible to at this time look ahead to my future. Thanks so much for this specialized and sensible guide. I will not be reluctant to suggest your site to any person who should get guidance about this situation.
Hello to every one, the contents existing at this site are genuinely amazing for people knowledge, well, keep up the nice work fellows.|
Its like you read my thoughts! You misteriunoes appear to understand a lot approximately this, such as you wrote the book in it or something. I believe that you simply can do with some % to force the message home a bit, however other than that, this is excellent blog. An excellent read. I’ll definitely be back.
I have been browsing online more than three hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all website owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the internet will be much more useful than ever before.|
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my site so i came to â€œreturn the favorâ€.I am trying to find things to improve my site!I suppose its ok to use a few of your ideas!!|
I’m not sure exactly why but this web site is loading very slow for me. Is anyone else having this problem or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.|
hi!,I really like your writing very much! share we keep up a correspondence more approximately your article on AOL? I require an expert on this area to unravel my problem. May be that is you! Having a look forward to look you.
I do believe all of the ideas you’ve presented for your post. They’re really convincing and can certainly work. Still, the posts are too quick for starters. May you please prolong them a little from next time? Thank you for the post.
Hello all, here every one is sharing these know-how, so it’s good to read this website, and I used to go to see this web site all the time.|
Hurrah! Finally I got a blog from where I can really take helpful data regarding my study and knowledge.|
Hi! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us useful information to work on. You have done a extraordinary job!|
that is the end of this report. Here you will uncover some web sites that we believe you will value, just click the links over
Do you have a spam issue on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was wondering your situation; we have developed some nice procedures and we are looking to swap solutions with other folks, be sure to shoot me an e-mail if interested.|
It’s remarkable in favor of me to have a website, which is valuable designed for my experience. thanks admin|
Hmm it looks like your blog ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I wrote and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog writer but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any tips for novice blog writers? I’d really appreciate it.|
My coder is trying to convince me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the costs. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using Movable-type on a number of websites for about a year and am worried about switching to another platform. I have heard fantastic things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can transfer all my wordpress posts into it? Any help would be greatly appreciated!|
although web sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not associated to ours, we feel they are in fact worth a go as a result of, so have a look
Thank you for sharing superb informations. Your web-site is very cool. I’m impressed by the details that you have on this website. It reveals how nicely you perceive this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for extra articles. You, my friend, ROCK! I found simply the info I already searched everywhere and simply couldn’t come across. What an ideal site.
I¡¦ve been exploring for a little for any high-quality articles or blog posts on this kind of area . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this web site. Reading this information So i am happy to express that I have a very just right uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed. I such a lot for sure will make sure to do not fail to remember this website and provides it a look regularly.
that could be the finish of this post. Right here youll discover some sites that we consider youll value, just click the links over
This blog was… how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I’ve found something which helped me. Thank you!|
I don’t even know how I ended up here, but I believed this put up was once great. I do not know who you are but definitely you’re going to a well-known blogger if you are not already. Cheers!|
Hurrah! At last I got a website from where I can actually obtain helpful information regarding my study and knowledge.|
Nice post. I learn something totally new and challenging on websites I stumbleupon on a daily basis. It will always be interesting to read articles from other authors and practice a little something from other websites. |
always a big fan of linking to bloggers that I really like but really don’t get a whole lot of link really like from
Hi there, I would like to subscribe for this webpage to take latest updates, so where can i do it please assist.|
always a massive fan of linking to bloggers that I enjoy but really don’t get lots of link like from
Hi there! This article couldn’t be written much better! Looking through this article reminds me of my previous roommate! He continually kept talking about this. I will send this article to him. Pretty sure he’s going to have a very good read. Thank you for sharing!|
Hi there would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re using? I’m going to start my own blog soon but I’m having a hard time making a decision between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design and style seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S Apologies for getting off-topic but I had to ask!|
Greetings! Very useful advice within this article! It is the little changes that produce the greatest changes. Thanks for sharing!|
I think this is one of the most important info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But should remark on few general things, The site style is great, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers|
Pretty component to content. I just stumbled upon your weblog and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your weblog posts. Any way I will be subscribing on your feeds or even I achievement you get right of entry to consistently rapidly.|
I’ve been exploring for a little for any high-quality articles or weblog posts in this kind of house . Exploring in Yahoo I eventually stumbled upon this web site. Studying this info So i’m satisfied to convey that I’ve a very excellent uncanny feeling I discovered exactly what I needed. I so much indubitably will make certain to don?t put out of your mind this web site and provides it a look regularly.|
Hi there to every body, it’s my first pay a quick visit of this weblog; this web site consists of remarkable and really excellent stuff in support of visitors.|
Good day I am so delighted I found your weblog, I really found you by accident, while I was searching on Bing for something else, Nonetheless I am here now and would just like to say thank you for a incredible post and a all round enjoyable blog (I also love the theme/design), I donâ€™t have time to read through it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also included your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a lot more, Please do keep up the great work.|
What i do not understood is in fact how you are now not really a lot more well-appreciated than you may be right now. You are so intelligent. You recognize thus considerably with regards to this matter, produced me personally consider it from so many numerous angles. Its like men and women aren’t involved until it is something to do with Lady gaga! Your individual stuffs excellent. At all times handle it up!|
At this moment I am going to do my breakfast, once having my breakfast coming yet again to read more news.|
Attractive component to content. I just stumbled upon your website and in accession capital to say that I get in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing to your feeds or even I success you get admission to persistently fast.|
just beneath, are many completely not associated sites to ours, nonetheless, they may be surely really worth going over
My brother suggested I might like this web site. He was entirely right. This post truly made my day. You can not imagine just how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!|
that will be the end of this report. Right here you will obtain some websites that we assume youll enjoy, just click the hyperlinks over
I have been exploring for a little bit for any high quality articles or blog posts on this sort of space . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this website. Reading this information So i am satisfied to show that I’ve an incredibly just right uncanny feeling I discovered exactly what I needed. I so much unquestionably will make certain to don¡¦t put out of your mind this web site and give it a look on a constant basis.
Whoa! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It’s on a completely different subject but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Excellent choice of colors!|
we came across a cool web page that you simply might take pleasure in. Take a appear in the event you want
Great beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your web site, how can i subscribe for a blog web site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear idea|
here are some hyperlinks to web-sites that we link to due to the fact we consider they may be really worth visiting
Hello! I could have sworn I’ve visited this web site before but after going through some of the posts I realized it’s new to me. Regardless, I’m certainly delighted I came across it and I’ll be bookmarking it and checking back frequently!|
Hello, after reading this remarkable article i am also cheerful to share my knowledge here with mates.|
At this time it sounds like Expression Engine is the preferred blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you’re using on your blog?|
If you are going for most excellent contents like myself, only pay a visit this website daily because it presents quality contents, thanks|
we like to honor quite a few other web web-sites on the internet, even when they arent linked to us, by linking to them. Beneath are some webpages really worth checking out
It’s amazing to go to see this website and reading the views of all mates regarding this paragraph, while I am also zealous of getting knowledge.|
I have read so many content regarding the blogger lovers however this article is in fact a fastidious piece of writing, keep it up.|
although sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not related to ours, we really feel they are truly really worth a go as a result of, so possess a look
I have been browsing online more than three hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It’s pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all website owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the net will be much more useful than ever before.
What i do not understood is in fact how you’re not really much more neatly-favored than you may be now. You’re so intelligent. You know thus considerably relating to this subject, made me in my view imagine it from so many various angles. Its like men and women aren’t interested except it’s something to do with Woman gaga! Your individual stuffs outstanding. At all times maintain it up!
please visit the web pages we follow, such as this a single, because it represents our picks in the web
I like what you guys are up too. Such intelligent work and reporting! Keep up the superb works guys I¡¦ve incorporated you guys to my blogroll. I think it will improve the value of my website 🙂
fantastic put up, very informative. I wonder why the opposite experts of this sector don’t realize this. You must proceed your writing. I’m sure, you’ve a great readers’ base already!
If you would like to improve your familiarity just keep visiting this web site and be updated with the most recent news update posted here.|
Just wish to say your article is as surprising. The clearness to your publish is just excellent and i can suppose you’re knowledgeable in this subject. Well along with your permission let me to take hold of your RSS feed to keep updated with impending post. Thanks a million and please carry on the enjoyable work.|
Nice blog right here! Additionally your website lots up fast! What host are you the usage of? Can I am getting your associate hyperlink on your host? I desire my web site loaded up as fast as yours lol
of course like your website but you need to test the spelling on quite a few of your posts. Many of them are rife with spelling issues and I in finding it very troublesome to inform the truth on the other hand I will certainly come again again.|
Excellent post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this topic? I’d be very grateful if you could elaborate a little bit further. Bless you!|
just beneath, are numerous entirely not related internet sites to ours, nevertheless, they’re certainly really worth going over
of course like your website however you need to take a look at the spelling on several of your posts. A number of them are rife with spelling issues and I find it very troublesome to inform the reality on the other hand I will certainly come back again.|
I precisely desired to appreciate you again. I am not sure the things that I would’ve made to happen in the absence of the type of ideas documented by you over such a field. It truly was a real scary condition for me, but coming across a professional fashion you processed it made me to leap for contentment. I am just happier for the support and then wish you really know what a powerful job you happen to be undertaking instructing the others by way of your websites. Probably you haven’t got to know any of us.
This is very interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your magnificent post. Also, I have shared your web site in my social networks!|
Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a number of unrelated information, nevertheless really worth taking a search, whoa did 1 discover about Mid East has got much more problerms as well
An intriguing discussion is definitely worth comment. I do think that you need to write more about this subject, it may not be a taboo matter but typically people do not discuss these topics. To the next! Kind regards!!|
It’s very straightforward to find out any matter on web as compared to textbooks, as I found this article at this website.|
great points altogether, you simply received a new reader. What could you suggest about your publish that you made some days ago? Any positive?|
although internet sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not connected to ours, we feel they may be basically worth a go by, so possess a look
that would be the finish of this write-up. Here you will find some web sites that we feel youll enjoy, just click the hyperlinks over
just beneath, are quite a few totally not associated web-sites to ours, however, they may be certainly worth going over
we like to honor several other net internet sites on the internet, even though they arent linked to us, by linking to them. Underneath are some webpages really worth checking out
check below, are some absolutely unrelated web sites to ours, having said that, they may be most trustworthy sources that we use
that will be the end of this report. Here youll come across some internet sites that we assume you will value, just click the hyperlinks over
Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a few unrelated information, nevertheless genuinely worth taking a search, whoa did a single find out about Mid East has got a lot more problerms also
Hey just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your content seem to be running off the screen in Internet explorer. I’m not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The design and style look great though! Hope you get the problem solved soon. Cheers|
Excellent post however , I was wanting to know if you could write a litte more on this topic? I’d be very grateful if you could elaborate a little bit further. Thank you!|
Hiya! I simply kalysdi wish to give an enormous thumbs up for the nice information you could have here on this post. I can be coming again to your weblog for more soon.
we like to honor quite a few other world-wide-web websites on the net, even though they arent linked to us, by linking to them. Under are some webpages worth checking out
Hi there, You’ve done a fantastic job. I’ll definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I’m confident they will be benefited from this web site.|
Great blog here! Also your web site loads up very fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol|
I have to bdisus express appreciation to you for rescuing me from this particular issue. Just after researching throughout the online world and seeing strategies which are not beneficial, I believed my life was over. Existing devoid of the solutions to the issues you’ve solved by means of your main article content is a critical case, and ones which may have badly affected my career if I had not come across your web page. Your own mastery and kindness in dealing with all the pieces was tremendous. I am not sure what I would’ve done if I had not encountered such a thing like this. I’m able to at this moment look ahead to my future. Thanks a lot so much for your professional and sensible guide. I will not hesitate to propose your web sites to any individual who needs guidance on this matter.
here are some links to web-sites that we link to for the reason that we feel they’re really worth visiting
Thanks for your publication bdisus. I also believe laptop computers are getting to be more and more popular lately, and now are often the only kind of computer used in a household. The reason is that at the same time that they’re becoming more and more very affordable, their working power is growing to the point where they can be as highly effective as pc’s out of just a few years back.
although websites we backlink to below are considerably not associated to ours, we really feel they’re in fact really worth a go via, so have a look
I do trust jgods all of the ideas you’ve presented in your post. They’re really convincing and will certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are very short for starters. May you please prolong them a little from next time? Thank you for the post.
that is the finish of this article. Here youll locate some websites that we assume you will appreciate, just click the hyperlinks over
we prefer to honor quite a few other world-wide-web web-sites on the net, even if they arent linked to us, by linking to them. Below are some webpages worth checking out
We are a gaggle of todifmfd volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your web site provided us with useful information to work on. You have performed a formidable process and our whole community will likely be grateful to you.
Some tips i have fkjgofjdd observed in terms of computer system memory is the fact there are technical specs such as SDRAM, DDR or anything else, that must fit in with the specifications of the motherboard. If the computer’s motherboard is pretty current while there are no computer OS issues, improving the ram literally usually takes under sixty minutes. It’s one of many easiest pc upgrade procedures one can think about. Thanks for revealing your ideas.
In my opinion, not countless blogers own so lots of strategies to produce brand new, interesting posts. Thanks for performing it and I hope you did not lose the motivation to make the unique ones!
please stop by the internet sites we adhere to, including this a single, as it represents our picks from the web
There is noticeably a todifmfd lot to realize about this. I believe you made various good points in features also.
that will be the finish of this post. Here youll find some web pages that we think you will value, just click the links over
please take a look at the web-sites we comply with, which includes this a single, because it represents our picks from the web
that may be the end of this post. Here you will find some sites that we believe you will enjoy, just click the links over
check beneath, are some absolutely unrelated web-sites to ours, on the other hand, they are most trustworthy sources that we use
although sites we backlink to beneath are considerably not associated to ours, we really feel they are really worth a go through, so have a look
just beneath, are quite a few completely not connected sites to ours, on the other hand, they are certainly really worth going over
Cheap supplies comparable to plastic, glass, base metals and synthetic stones are usually utilized in making costume jewellery, unlike actual jewellery, which is constructed from valuable metals
Enter serums – concentrated therapy supplements produced to focus on skin dilemmas that are individual.
Plated Heart Necklace Set with probably the most superb cluster of eye-catching Swarovski Crystals at its centre.
They are sure to appreciate the complexities of this valuable stone with its internal fire representing
enjoyed account your blog posts. Anyway I will be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently fast.
Better quality diamonds are more brilliant and delightful, however they command increased prices as properly.
A few of our favourites embrace this B3053 attraction bracelet which fantastically fuses silver and turquoise tones and options an array of Danon charms.
Koko is a shop in Porthcawl South Wales that shares all kinds of jewelry and presents to fit all budgets
and types. In case your after anything from a simple silver necklace to a chunky multi-colored bracelet Koko may have something to swimsuit you.
Costume jewelry is worn by each acknowledged celeb on the market and the worth makes it affordable for anyone.
always a massive fan of linking to bloggers that I love but really don’t get lots of link appreciate from
physical body and the earth. Meditation might be considered the most practical and successful of all self healing techniques.
It is pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all web owners and bloggers made good content as you did,
I’ll right away snatch your rss feed as I can not in finding your e-mail subscription link or newsletter service.
I’ve been browsing online greater than three hours today, yet I never discovered any attention-grabbing article like yours.
Wow, this paragraph is fastidious, my younger sister is analyzing such things, thus I am going to convey her.|
Hi, I do believe this is a great site. I stumbledupon it 😉 I am going to return once again since I saved as a
Greetings from Ohio! I’m bored at work so I decided to browse your blog on my iphone during lunch break.
I every time emailed this website post page to all my associates, because if like to read it after that my links will too.|
Hi there, I found your blog by way of Google at the same time as searching for a related topic, your web site came up,
are utilizing? I’m having some small security issues with my latest website and I’d like to find something more risk-free.
Either way keep up the excellent quality writing, it is rare to look a nice blog like this one these days..|
Fibroids can be described as benign tumor which occurs in or perhaps around the wall of uterus (Womb).
If we speak about the reasons that may lead the fibroids, we locate that the actual reasons for fibroids are still in the dark and no person knows the specific triggers of fibroids.
Some sources believe fibroids run in families meaning if you are enduring from fibroids the probabilities are you may inherit the fibroids in your daughter.
When you buy pure Garcinia Cambogia, you should have no side effects, but that is not always the case when you buy products that contain other ingredients.
always a major fan of linking to bloggers that I really like but dont get a whole lot of link appreciate from
I simply want to mention I am just newbie to blogging and seriously loved you’re web blog. Almost certainly I’m likely to bookmark your blog . You actually have incredible articles. With thanks for sharing with us your website page.
we prefer to honor numerous other world wide web web-sites on the web, even if they arent linked to us, by linking to them. Below are some webpages worth checking out
Ciao a tutti! Today I’m posting about a food that is near and dear to my heart. Sweet, summer corn! When we lived in the US as SOON as the corn started coming in I had it frequently. I am a corn snob, however, and when I was buying at the farmers market I would push my fingernail into a kernel and if there wasn’t a squirt of liquid I wouldn’t buy. It is a sign of freshness and when it was picked. As soon as corn is picked the sugars in the kernels start to turn to starch and harden. No longer a succulent sweet ear but a hard starchy one. I had a garden a couple times in my life in which I grew corn, my mantra was…get the water boiling, go pick the corn off the stalk, immerse in boiling water for 5 minutes, slather with butter and a sprinkle of salt and EAT! Heaven.
The sad story is that here in Europe, all over as far as I’ve seen, people see corn as animal fodder, not for human consumption, on the whole. In Italy they do have canned corn, they do NOT have frozen which is infinitely better. I have searched for corn here and on two occasions last year I found some. The first had been allowed to stay on the stalk far too long and was all starch and inedible. The second, from Umbria, in the super market, in NOVEMBER(!) was actually almost good. SO…
I decided to buy seeds and find some way to plant some. On the Burpee website I came across Container Corn. It is corn that will do well planted in pots. So I bought some to try. I also bought two other types in hopes of finding an outside place to plant. I did manage to partner with my British friend Angela and paid for a plot to be prepared. It was hardly optimal. Good sun but the soil really wasn’t tilled deeply enough. We planted anyway so we’ll see.
I’m happy to say my corn on my terrace is doing really well. Angela told me the corn there was up and growing. I think I will have at least some corn this summer. Happy days!
I call this my orto. It means vegetable garden in Italian. It has my two spicy peppers and the corn.
This entry was posted in cooking, Eating, everyday life in Umbria, garden on June 13, 2017 by Nancy Hampton.
Ray, you make me laugh! I’ve soooo missed it. And as I said there’s not even frozen here. You may want to try the container corn. My experiment continues…
To pay by credit or debit card on line click the "buy now" button. which is processed on a secure remote server.
We sell Stubai's Nature-line Forest axes,cleavers and carvers axes. All Stubai axes are superb quality featuring forged, ground, polished and laquered heads.
We do not intend that anyone should use the links or the information contained on CasinoBonusCenter.com where such use is illegal, for that reason, visitors located in the United States will not be able to register on any gambling website through links provided by CasinoBonusCenter.com.
In any case, You accept sole responsibility for determining whether your use of the website is legal in the jurisdiction where you live.
Enkelte juridiske jurisdiksjoner har ikke adressert lovligheten av online gambling og andre har spesifikt gjort online gambling ulovlig. Vi ønsker ikke at noen skal bruke lenker eller informasjon som finnes på CasinoBonusCenter.com hvor slik bruk er ulovlig. Tilgangen på nettstedet tolker ikke et tilbud eller en invitasjon fra oss til å bruke de angitte koblingene i et hvilket som helst land eller jurisdiksjon der slik bruk er ulovlig. Du aksepterer ansvaret for å avgjøre om din bruk av nettstedet er lovlig i landet eller jurisdiksjonen der du bor.
Get unlimited downloads and streaming movies right now! One Bangbros membership gives you everything!
Best deal, annual membership - $9.95 / month Includes ALL Bangbros sites, unlimited downloads, all live cams, and more!
Lena Paul and triple D cups came by for some fun. Her tits are great, she teases us with some bouncing and getting them oiled up before she starts going wild on a cock. She gives a good sucking and tit fucking before she shoves the cock inside her. She rides the guy on cowgirl and reverse before she bends over for a got doggystyle. Watch her cum multiple time before the guy spreads his jazz down her throat.
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Lena Paul Makes a Sextape Added on Nov 10, 2016 Scene from Bang POV
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Lena Paul has the plumber clean her pipes Added on Dec 15, 2016 Scene from Big Tits, Round Asses
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Tanning My Big Tits Led To Great Sex Added on May 24, 2018 Scene from Big Tits, Round Asses
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Lena Paul’s Perfect Natural Tits Added on Jul 12, 2018 Scene from Big Tits, Round Asses
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Big Black Onion Booty! Added on Dec 14, 2014 Scene from Brown Bunnies
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Balls Deep In Remy LaCroix's Tight Pussy! Added on Aug 20, 2013 Scene from Monsters of Cock
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Big Ass Sara Jay takes some black dick Added on Apr 21, 2014 Scene from Ass Parade
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Look At That Cuban ASS!! Added on Feb 12, 2011 Scene from Latina Rampage
Watch this video now! Play HD movie Anal Sex Makes The Pussy Squirt! Added on Sep 17, 2014 Scene from Mr. Anal
Watch this video now! Play HD movie 4 girls invade the dorm Added on May 11, 2012 Scene from Dorm Invasion
Join Here for Unlimited Access now! Join now and get ALL 26 of our exclusive porn sites for the price of just 1
This entire website has a voluntary content rating to block access by minors. This rating is compatible with microsoft internet explorer's content filtering function and facilitates website blocking software. For a tutorial on blocking this site click here. Copyright bangbros.com, inc. All rights reserved. [Privacy Policy]
Leech Lake Legacy believes that by working together and collaborating with a larger network of animal welfare organizations, we will be able to do more for reservation animals and pet owners (www.leechlakelegacy.org)
The Great Puppy Roundup is a day when residents of Leech Lake Reservation can surrender their unwanted puppies at no charge. The surrendered puppies will be transported to rescues and shelters in other parts of Minnesota where they will be vetted, checked out, spayed/neutered and then placed up for adoption.
The Great Puppy Roundup is held in memory of Little Dougie, an eight-week-old puppy who was found alive by the side of the road in Leech Lake with three bullets in his spine.
Kiki arrived on transport on Saturday, 7/28 with her 4 pups (Kodiak, Koko, Kachina and Kai). This sweet girl was in rough shape when she arrived with a face so swollen and infected from quills. She immediately won the hearts of the staff at the Buffalo Animal Humane Society. Kiki had surgery today (Wednesday) to remove the quills, get spayed, and to check a lump on her neck (the vet thinks it is benign). They are also getting x-rays of her rear right leg that has an interesting mass on it as she is limping a little. The vet suspects it's an old injury. Of course, we will let you know more when we get an update on her surgery and the results of all of her tests ... meanwhile, I wanted to share with you the email updates I have been receiving from the staff at AHS. I have a feeling this sweet girl hasn't spent much time in her kennel :)
"I just wanted to give you an update on Kiki (I call her Princess Kiki). Well most importantly she has won the heart of every person in our building. Yesterday she was visiting with our vet techs all day long. This morning when I went to our incoming building she was out and about checking out all the cats. She doesn’t react to them at all or one of the dogs who was growling at her. She is currently laying on her stack of blankets in my office scrounging about for more treats on the floor. By the crunching I am hearing, she just found one. She is doing better with hard food. I was super worried Sunday night because I found out around 6:30 that no one got my text that she was having a hard time eating hard food so I came in with my fiancé and we loved her up lots and fed her some wet food. I also brought in some chicken broth to soften the dry food for her. Apparently somehow during the night she got out of her run and was found sleeping in front of her babies kennels. Today I plan on giving her a nice brushing to help her get rid of some of her lose hair and maybe a bit of a bath, we’ll see, I don’t want to hurt her. The swelling in her cheek has gone down some but she still has the abscess on her neck that our vet is looking at on Wednesday. He did get to look at her yesterday too. She is set to be spayed on Wednesday at which point they are going to look at the mass on her neck, Dr. Graham thinks it is totally benign. He also suspects that they are going to find more quills when she is under anesthesia. He even put in his notes “excellent” personality. Our VS team did her eval on Sunday. She scored the best score possible for all things behavior! No surprise there. They aged her at 1 year and she weighs 54 pounds. She obviously still has some pounds to put on to be at a healthy weight, which should be no problem considering she is showered with treats here. She just had a bit of an ordeal and we all think she will come out of it just fine. Clearly by the length of this e-mail I am completely enamored with her and disappointed I cannot bring her home with me. I guess the second best thing is to find her an amazing home. I told all of our staff here that when she gets adopted she is required to go to a home where she gets to sleep in the bed and eat really yummy food, and maybe a few morsels of human food. Anyhow, I will continue to update you with her progress."
"....By the way, Kiki is a huge fan of T-Bone. She got a bath and a really good groom yesterday before her surgery today so she looks phenomenal!"
"We did a photoshoot with the puppies for the website and I took some photos of Kiki while she was hanging out in the office. She should be going through surgery today to take care of the rest of the quills as well as the mass on her leg. I think they’ll also spay her at this time too, which will be nice for her! She is a spectacular dog; we’ve had her hanging out in the office during the day since she came on Saturday and you couldn’t ask for a nicer companion. She loves greeting everyone that walks through,and if they have a treat or a bowl of food or just hands for a good old fashioned belly rub, all the better!
Hopefully her puppies will all find homes this week, we’ll have our chalkboard sign out for the weekend to try to draw people up the driveway to look at them! I’ll let you know how that goes.
A huge thank you to everyone who donated to help us pay for the care of Kiki and her pups. And thank you to AHS for taking them in and for providing them with the best care possible and lots of love and TLC from your staff :)
Nibi arrives in the cities on Saturday, 2/2 Nibi (means 'water' in ojibway) was picked up by the Leech Lake Tribal Police...
Mimiteh arrives in the cities on 7/23/14 By Marilou Chanrasmi -Co-Founder/President, LLL On Friday, 7/19 I received a call from Jenny ...
On Tuesday, 12/10/13 Rory (Leech Lake CSO) picked up a young shepherd mix (we named her Ituha which means ‘strong and sturdy oak...
Lou at Animal Care Clinic On January 2, 2014 Rory (Leech Lake CSO) picked up a dog with a severe case mange. He immediately brought the ...
Some months back, a man was fishing on a lake in Cass Lake , Minnesota . As he came ashore and stepped out of his boat, he noticed three sc...
May 2018 Clinic - Our first Clinic of 2018 was a great success! And, we accomplished a lot! Our clinic totals... 92 total surgeries- 46 dogs, 44, cats, and 2 rabbits! 1...
If you are in search of professional translation from Italian to French, you have found the right translation company. Looking for another language combination? Please visit: translation languages.
Following years of experience as a leading translation agency, Leeds Translation Services have acquired teams of Italian to French translators that provide an expansive range of services for corporate and individual clients alike.
The most common Italian to French translation services performed by Leeds Translation are listed below. Our expert translation project managers are ready to discuss your translation needs with you no matter how big or small your project is. Looking for services that are not listed below? Please contact us now, we look forward to hearing from you.
Certified translations in Leeds and within the United Kingdom are performed by a qualified, university-educated translators who can provide an attestation of accuracy along with their full credentials supporting the fact that they are a qualified Italian to French translator. A certified translation is generally slightly more expensive than standard translation as this requires the hard copies to be printed and posted to the client, but this depends largely on the volume and type of document being translated.
When a standard translation is requested by a client, this generally means that the text is not technical or specialised in any way, and is provided in a text-editable format such as Microsoft Word. The translation is then performed by an experienced Italian to French translator and returned to the client in the same format the document was received in. In most cases, basic formatting will be retained.
Specialised translations from Italian to French are performed by translators with French as their mother tongue who have additional qualifications in the subject matter which the document pertains to. A few examples of specialised translations from Italian to French that Leeds Translation Services have handled recently are as follows:
the translation of a university student's thesis in Italian translated into French for submission to a master's program in another country
a user manual for a washing machine written in Italian translated into French and five other languages for a large company
a medical report written in Italian translated into French prior to receiving medical attention in another country
The translation of a website (also known as 'Website Localisation') involves much more than standard text translation. Depending on the way the website has been constructed, this can also require the use of our I.T. department, either re-coding the website from scratch, or providing our translators with a platform to inject the translated text from Italian to French into the website. As web-based content is not always clear, experienced website translators are almost often used for these projects.
Essentially there are normally only two different types of legal translations. Those that are standard or certified translations which are written in legal language, such as property rental contracts or terms & conditions to be translated from Italian to French, etc... These legal translations are generally for informative purposes only. A better description of these legal translations would be specialised translations. A true "legal translation" can be any document type, and is in fact the provision of a court or government-accepted translation performed by experienced, qualified, and certified official legal translators. The requirements for legal translation services vary from country to country, and Leeds Translation Services has the expertise to guide you no matter what country the translation will be used in.
A specialised translation is no different to a 'technical translation', in the sense that it must be performed by a translator that not only possesses a degree in translation, but also has further education in the subject matter of the document. Generally the translation service is considered to be a Italian to French technical translation when the content is relative to an area of science, technology, or a field of study.
One of the offerings that Leeds Translation Services can provide that few of our competitors do is the provision of urgent translations from Italian to French. As a leading translation agency in Leeds with a wide reach through the Translator UK network, we have access to thousands of translators throughout the world covering every time zone. Last-minute translations are therefore possible for us to provide, at a marginal increase in price. Our project managers will be able to give you on-the-minute responses as to how quickly our translators can turn the project around for you.
If you are looking for the inverse of this language combination, Leeds Translation Services also handles all types of French to Italian translations.
Spanish Translators in LeedsProfessional Spanish translators based in Leeds providing Spanish translation services.Spanish TranslationLeedsSpanish Translators
French Translators in LeedsProfessional French translators based in Leeds providing French translation services.French TranslationLeedsFrench Translators
German Translators in LeedsProfessional German translators based in Leeds providing German translation services.German TranslationLeedsGerman Translators
Italian Translators in LeedsProfessional Italian translators based in Leeds providing Italian translation services.Italian TranslationLeedsItalian Translators
We manufacture thermoformed packaging products that are used extensively across both food and non-food market sectors. To give you a taster of what we do and who we do it for here’s a pictorial overview of our product capabilities
Through our unique corporate partnership program Precise Protect can arrange for your business to release and brand its own bespoke insurance policies.
Working within the program allows you to establish your own brand loyalty and revenue stream. Precise Protect will give you the product and handle the compliance and execution. The products can then be marketed through your established distribution channels, either to your employees, clients or members.
We work closely with our corporate clients allowing them exclusive access to our product range and provide them with opportunities to avail of bespoke arrangements, a relationship that will see us pool our resources & develop the business together while maximising on the substantial income streams that can be generated from our knowledge and expertise in this partnership opportunity.
We are committed to ensuring a smooth experience for new corporate partners, something which is supported by our experienced implementation team. From initial specification to testing, go-live and day-to-day trading, our team works closely with new partners at every step of the implementation process.
Our Key Account Managers will get involved throughout the implementation process. They’ll always be Professional, Knowledgeable & Responsive
I understand that by using this form, Precise Protect will use the details provided to contact me regarding my insurance requirements. Precise Protect will never share this information with any 3rd party, however it may be used to contact me regarding financial products that may be of interest to me.
Precise Protect Ltd. is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Our Financial Services Register number is 575993
What is a mining crusher. Mining crusher machinery is configured to break down very hard material, such as stone, into small rocks, gravel, or stone powder.
WELCOME TO MEWAR HI-TECH Mewar Hitech is committed to excellence in quality of its equipment and takes pride in on dedication to customers and associates.
Kenmore Equipment was established some 20 years ago by founding member Ken Kendall with the express purpose of serving the mining industry with mining machinery and crushing equipment.
Replacement crusher components. CMS Cepcor has grown into Europes largest aftermarket manufacturer and supplier of quality replacement crusher spares and service supplying worldwide to the quarrying, mining, demolition and recycling industries.
With the rapid development of mining technology, the cone crusher can be divided into four types: compound cone crusher, spring cone crusher, ...
We have a wide selection of new and used mining equipment for sale. View details of our equipment online complete with images.
Mining news and commentary from around the globe. Daily updates on gold and commodity prices, exploration, mine development and mining company activities.
We offer a full line of outstanding and reliable aggregate crushing equipment for every material processing application. Call 800-648-0486 to find out more.
Frog, Switch and Manufacturing Company is a leader in manganese steel castings specializing in replacement parts for the Mining, Aggregate, and Shredder Industries.
Detail Parts Mining. As our Detail Parts page grows, please be sure to scroll all the way down. Click on the part numbers below to jump to a particular item or scroll through all of our details on this page!
Roc Impact, the Crushing Specialist. ROC IMPACT is a French company with facilities in Europe and Africa that manufactures and installs crushing, grinding, and screening equipment and spare parts for mining, quarrying and demolition operations.
Jaw Crushers For Mining, Wholesale Various High Quality Jaw Crushers For Mining Products from Global Jaw Crushers For Mining Suppliers and Jaw Crushers For Mining Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.com.
Sanme Provides high-quality crushers, jaw crusher, cone crusher, mobile crusher and sand maker as the main product while feeder, belt conveyor and powder separator as the mating equipments.
Welcome To Burrows Brothers. Burrows Brothers specialises in the sales of crushers, screeners and all types of heavy plant and construction machinery. We supply to customers ranging from main contractors in the construction, mining and
Zenith is one of the biggest manufacturers in Aggregate Processing Machinery for the sand & gravel, quarry, mining, construction and recycling industries. Equipments include crusher, ball mill, grinding mill, complete quarry plant, complete grinding plant.
PE series jaw crusher is usually used as primary crusher in quarry production lines, mineral ore crushing plants and powder making plants. It can be described as obbligato machine in mining, building construction, construction wastes crushing, Hydropower and Water Resource, railway and highway construction and some other industries.
DOVE provides Jaw Crusher for down-sizing of materials in mining, constructions and aggregate industries. Required in a Hard-Rock Deposit mining project.
Zhengzhou YiFan is one of the biggest manufacturer in Jaw crusher,Impact Crusher, Cone crusher,Rock Crusher and Mobile Crusher in China
Gold ore crusher is researched and designed by our experienced engineers.It is widely used in road &bridge construction, building, mining and other fields.
Specializing in Portable Crushing Plants, Screening Plants, Washing Plants. We Offer New, Reconditioned, or Used Processing Equipment for the Pit, Quarry, Mining, and Recycling Industry.
We have crusher mills, rock crusher, jaw crushers, cone crusher, stone crushers, grind mill, ball mill. We have the heavy industry equipment rock crushers that you need.
The ruggedly constructed, yet highly versatile WA Series and RC Series hammer mills are ideal for reducing a wide variety of blocky, abrasive and /or difficult to process materials
Jun 06, 2013· Electroscope Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. The pith-ball electroscope and the gold-leaf electroscope are two classical types of electroscope that are still used in physics education to demonstrate the
Copper Mountain Mining Corporation (TSX:CMMC ASX:C6C) is a Canadian based mining company who's flagship asset is the Copper Mountain mine located in southern British Columbia near the town of Princeton.
A Gyratory Cone Crusher is one of the main types of primary crushers in a mine or ore processing plant. Gyratory cone crushers are designated in size either by the gape and mantle diameter or by the size of the receiving opening.
DOVE Cone Crushers for effective application of crushing in mining and to efficiently recover various minerals, and for aggregate and construction applications.
Vision. Based in China, Xinhai wants to be one of world top developers, manufacturers, service providers and engineering contractors of mining technology and mining
Shanghai Mekind Industrial Co., Limited is one of the leading crusher for mining & quarry, jaw crusher machine for sale, symons cone crusher for sale manufacturers and suppliers in China.
Our jaw crushers, hammer mills, and shaker tables are a great way to get a small to medium mining operation up and running quickly. Made in the USA. MBMMLLC
Flexibility is everything. We engineer a wide range of mobile crushers and screens, both tracked and wheeled, to help you process rock in the toughest conditions.
Crusher Wear Parts. Crusher parts are designed to extend in plant service. Jaws, concaves, mantle covers and certain OEM parts are all available.
Xinhai mineral processing equipment mainly include: grinding equipment, flotation equipment, dewatering equipment, magnetic separation equipment, and so on.
Professional beneficiation for 20 years, own mineral research & design institute, more than 70 kinds of dressing experience.
The term provision is used to describe a definable element in a piece of legislation that has legislative effect – such as a Part, Chapter or section. A version of a provision is prospective either:
where the text of the provision is subject to change, but no date has yet been appointed by the appropriate person or body for those changes to come into force.
Commencement Orders listed in the ‘Changes to Legislation’ box as not yet applied may bring this prospective version into force.
There are currently no known outstanding effects for the Air Weapons and Licensing (Scotland) Act 2015.
Revised legislation carried on this site may not be fully up to date. At the current time any known changes or effects made by subsequent legislation have been applied to the text of the legislation you are viewing by the editorial team. Please see ‘Frequently Asked Questions’ for details regarding the timescales for which new effects are identified and recorded on this site.
(2)The expression generally has the same meaning as that given in section 1(3)(b) of the Firearms Act 1968 (“the 1968 Act”).
(a)the component parts of an air weapon (within the meaning of section 1(3)(b) of the 1968 Act), and
(b)any accessory to such a weapon designed or adapted to diminish the noise caused by discharging the weapon.
(i)which is not capable of discharging a missile with kinetic energy of more than one joule as measured at the muzzle of the weapon, or
(1)It is an offence for a person to use, possess, purchase or acquire an air weapon without holding an air weapon certificate.
(a)on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or a fine not exceeding the statutory maximum (or both),
(b)on conviction on indictment, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 2 years or a fine (or both).
(3)The chief constable must maintain a register containing the details of each application made under this section (whether or not the application results in an air weapon certificate being granted or renewed).
I4S. 3 in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I5S. 3 in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(1)An application for the grant or renewal of an air weapon certificate must be verified in the prescribed form and manner by an individual who meets the requirements of subsection (2) (“a verifier”).
(3)In verifying the application, a verifier must confirm that, to the best of the verifier's knowledge and belief, the information supplied in the application is correct.
I6S. 4 in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I7S. 4 in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(1)The chief constable may only grant or renew an air weapon certificate if satisfied that the applicant—
(b)is not prohibited from possessing an air weapon or other firearm under section 21 of the 1968 Act,
(d)in all the circumstances, can be permitted to possess an air weapon without danger to the public safety or to the peace.
(2)The chief constable may, when considering an application made under section 3 by an applicant who holds a firearm or shot gun certificate, treat paragraphs (a) and (b) of subsection (1) as being satisfied in relation to the applicant.
(3)The chief constable may, before determining an application made under section 3, require that the applicant permit a constable or member of police staff—
I8S. 5 in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I9S. 5 in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(2)The chief constable may, when granting or renewing an air weapon certificate, attach conditions to the certificate (and, in the case of a renewal, may attach different conditions from those attached to the certificate prior to its renewal).
(3)The chief constable may not attach to an air weapon certificate a condition which is inconsistent with—
(4)It is an offence for a holder of an air weapon certificate to fail to comply with a condition attached to the holder's certificate.
(5)An individual who commits an offence under subsection (4) is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.
I10S. 6(1)-(3) in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I11S. 6(1)-(3) in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(2)A parent or guardian of the applicant must consent in the prescribed form and manner to the applicant making the application.
(3)Where the chief constable grants an air weapon certificate to an individual under the age of 18, the chief constable must attach to the certificate—
(a)the holder may use and possess an air weapon only for sporting purposes (including shooting live quarry) on private land,
(b)the holder may use and possess an air weapon only for the purposes of target shooting on private land,
(c)the holder may use and possess an air weapon only for the purposes of participating in events or competitions,
(d)the holder may use and possess an air weapon only for the purposes of the holder's membership of an approved air weapon club,
(e)the holder may use and possess an air weapon only for the purposes of protecting livestock, crops or produce on land used for or in connection with agriculture,
(6)It is sufficient, for the purposes of section 5(1)(c), for the chief constable to be satisfied that the applicant has a good reason for using or possessing an air weapon.
(7)For the purposes of this section, “agriculture” is to be construed in accordance with section 85 of the Agricultural Holdings (Scotland) Act 1991.
I13S. 7 in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I14S. 7 in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(a)in the case of a certificate granted to an individual under the age of 18, when the individual attains the age of 18,
(b)in any other case, at the end of the period of 5 years beginning with the date on which the certificate is granted or renewed.
(2)Where an individual has applied for the renewal of an air weapon certificate before its expiry but the chief constable has not, as at the date of its expiry, determined whether or not to grant the renewal, the certificate is to continue to have effect until the application is determined.
I15S. 8(1) in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I16S. 8(1) in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(2)Where this subsection applies, the applicant may request that the chief constable grant or renew an air weapon certificate for such shorter period than is provided for in section 8 as is appropriate to secure that it expires on the same day as the applicant's firearm or shot gun certificate (or, if the applicant holds both a firearm and shot gun certificate, either of them).
(b)makes an application for the grant or renewal of a firearm or shot gun certificate under the 1968 Act.
(4)Where this subsection applies, the applicant may make an application under section 3 of this Act for the air weapon certificate to be renewed as from the same day as that on which the firearm or shot gun certificate is granted or renewed.
I18S. 9(1)(2) in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I19S. 9(1)(2) in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(4)For the purposes of this section, the chief constable may by notice given to the holder of an air weapon certificate require the holder to produce the certificate within the period of 21 days beginning with the date on which the notice is given.
I21S. 10 in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I22S. 10 in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(a)the chief constable is satisfied that the holder of the certificate can no longer be permitted to possess an air weapon without danger to the public safety or to the peace, or
(b)the holder is prohibited from possessing an air weapon or other firearm under section 21 of the 1968 Act.
(b)the chief constable is satisfied that the holder of the certificate has failed to comply with a condition attached to the certificate, or
(3)An air weapon certificate is revoked by the chief constable giving notice to the holder of the certificate to that effect.
(b)require the holder to surrender the certificate and any air weapons that the holder possesses by such date as the chief constable may specify in the notice.
(5)It is an offence for a person, without reasonable excuse, to fail to comply with the requirements of a notice given under subsection (3).
(6)A person who commits an offence under subsection (5) is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.
(7)In the event that the holder of an air weapon certificate makes an appeal under section 34 against a decision to revoke the holder's certificate—
(b)the holder must still surrender the certificate and any air weapons that the holder possesses in accordance with the requirements of the notice given under subsection (3),
I23S. 11(1)-(4)(7) in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I24S. 11(1)-(4) (7) in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(2)A police permit must not be granted to an individual who is prohibited from possessing an air weapon or other firearm under section 21 of the 1968 Act.
(4)An application for a police permit is valid only if it complies with the requirements of any regulations under section 36 which apply to the application.
I26S. 12 in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I27S. 12 in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(1)The chief constable may, on the application of a qualifying visitor, grant a permit (“a visitor permit”) authorising the visitor to use, possess, purchase or acquire an air weapon without holding an air weapon certificate for the period (or a part of it) that the qualifying visitor is in Scotland.
(2)A person may, on behalf of a group of 2 to 20 qualifying visitors, make an application to the chief constable for each member of the group to be granted a visitor permit.
(a)in the case of an individual application, that the qualifying visitor has a good reason for using, possessing, purchasing or acquiring an air weapon while visiting Scotland,
(b)in the case of a group application, that each qualifying visitor is to use and possess an air weapon while visiting Scotland only—
(i)that the qualifying visitor can be permitted to possess an air weapon without danger to the public safety or to the peace, and
(ii)that the qualifying visitor is not prohibited from possessing an air weapon or other firearm under section 21 of the 1968 Act.
(5)For the purposes of subsection (4)(b)(i) and (ii) the chief constable may require the applicant to produce evidence that the owner or occupier of the land consents to the visitors' intended use or possession of air weapons on the land.
(6)Except where section 14 applies, the chief constable must, on granting a visitor permit in respect of a group application, attach to the permit as a condition that the holder of the permit may use and possess an air weapon only for such of the purposes described in subsection (4)(b) as the chief constable may specify in the condition.
(9)An application for a visitor permit is valid only if it complies with the requirements of any regulations under section 36 which apply to the application.
“group application” means an application under subsection (2) for visitor permits made by a person on behalf of qualifying visitors in a group,
“individual application” means an application under subsection (1) for a visitor permit made by the qualifying visitor,
I28S. 13 in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I29S. 13 in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(2)A parent or guardian of the applicant or individual under the age of 18 must consent in the prescribed form and manner to the making of the application.
(3)The chief constable must, on granting a visitor permit in respect of an individual application, attach to the permit—
(4)The chief constable must, on granting a visitor permit in respect of a group application, attach to the permit—
(b)one or more of the conditions described in paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (5) of that section.
(5)It is sufficient, for the purposes of section 13(4)(a), for the chief constable to be satisfied that the applicant has a good reason for using or possessing an air weapon.
I30S. 14 in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I31S. 14 in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(3)The chief constable may not attach to a police permit or a visitor permit a condition which is inconsistent with—
(a)a prescribed mandatory condition which applies to police permits or, as the case may be, visitor permits, or
(4)It is an offence for the holder of a police permit or a visitor permit to fail to comply with a condition attached to the permit.
I32S. 15(1)-(3) in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I33S. 15(1)-(3) in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(4)For the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (c) of subsection (1), the chief constable may by giving notice to the holder of a police permit or a visitor permit require the holder to produce the permit within the period of 21 days beginning with the date on which the notice is given.
(b)require the holder of the permit to surrender the permit and any air weapons that the holder possesses by such date as the chief constable may specify in the notice.
(6)It is an offence for the holder of a police permit or a visitor permit, without reasonable excuse, to fail to comply with a requirement contained in a notice under subsection (1).
(7)An individual who commits an offence under subsection (6) is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.
(8)In the event that the holder of a police permit or a visitor permit makes an appeal under section 34 against a decision to revoke the holder's permit—
(b)the holder must still surrender the permit and any air weapons that the holder possesses in accordance with the requirements of the notice given under subsection (1),
I35S. 16(1)-(5)(8) in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I36S. 16(1)-(5) (8) in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(1)The chief constable may, on the application of a person (“the organiser”) who is organising or otherwise responsible for an event, grant a permit authorising individuals at the event to borrow, hire, use and possess air weapons while engaging in an event activity without holding an air weapon certificate (“an event permit”).
(3)The organiser must ensure that the event permit (or a copy of it) is prominently displayed at the event so as to be capable of being read by any person attending the event.
(5)A person who commits an offence under subsection (4) is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.
(6)An application for an event permit is valid only if it complies with the requirements of any regulations under section 36 which apply to the application.
I38S. 17(1)(2)(6)(7) in force at 1.7.2016 for specified purposes by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
I39S. 17(1)(2)(6)(7) in force at 31.12.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 3(a) (with art. 4)
(1)The chief constable may, on the application of an air weapon club, grant or renew an approval of the club.
(2)An application for the grant or renewal of an approval of an air weapon club is valid only if it complies with the requirements of any regulations under section 36 which apply to the application.
(3)The chief constable may, at any time by giving notice to an approved air weapon club, withdraw the club's approval.
(5)The chief constable may, when granting or renewing an approval, attach conditions to the approval (and in the case of a renewal, may attach different conditions from those attached to the approval prior to its renewal).
(6)The chief constable may not attach to an approval a condition which is inconsistent with a prescribed mandatory condition which applies to approvals.
(c)vary or revoke a condition attached to the club's approval other than a prescribed mandatory condition which applies to approvals.
(3)The chief constable may not attach to an approval a condition which is inconsistent with a prescribed mandatory condition which applies to approvals.
(1)An approval of an air weapon club expires (unless earlier withdrawn) at the end of the period of 6 years beginning with the date on which the approval is granted or renewed.
(2)Where an approved air weapon club has applied for the renewal of its approval before its expiry but the chief constable has not, as at the date of its expiry, determined whether or not to grant the renewal, the approval is to continue to have effect until the application is determined.
(a)is approved as a rifle club under section 15 of the Firearms (Amendment) Act 1988 (“the 1988 Act”), and
(2)Where this subsection applies, the club may request that the chief constable grant or renew its approval under section 18(1) of this Act for such shorter period than is provided for in section 20(1) of this Act as is appropriate to secure that it expires on the same day as the club's approval under section 15 of the 1988 Act.
(b)makes an application for the grant or renewal of an approval as a rifle club under section 15 of the 1988 Act.
(4)Where this subsection applies, the club may make an application under section 18(1) of this Act for the club's approval to be renewed as from the same day as that on which the club's application for approval under section 15 of the 1988 Act is granted or renewed.
(1)The chief constable may, for the purposes of ascertaining whether the provisions of this Part or any conditions attached to an approved air weapon club's approval are being complied with, authorise a constable or a member of police staff—
(b)to inspect those premises and anything on them which is relevant to the purposes for which the authorisation was granted.
(2)The power of a constable or a member of police staff under subsection (1)(b) to inspect anything on club premises includes power to require any information which is stored in electronic form and accessible from the premises to be produced in a form which is visible and legible.
(3)A constable or a member of police staff may exercise the powers of entry conferred by this section only at a reasonable time, unless it appears to the constable or member of police staff that the purposes of entering the club premises may be frustrated if the constable or member of police staff seeks to enter at a reasonable time.
(4)A constable or a member of police staff must, if asked, produce the authorisation before entering any premises under this section.
(5)The chief constable may delegate the power to grant an authorisation under subsection (1) only to a constable who holds the rank of inspector or above.
(6)It is an offence for a person to obstruct intentionally a constable or a member of police staff in the exercise of the constable's or member of police staff's powers under an authorisation granted under this section.
(7)A person who commits an offence under subsection (6) is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.
(8)In this section, “club premises”, in relation to an approved air weapon club, means any premises, other than a dwelling, occupied or used by the club.
(a)hold or (if not an individual) ensure that an individual responsible for the management and operation of the facility holds, an air weapon certificate, and
(b)at all times that the facility is in use, display the certificate (or a copy of it) prominently on the facility so as to be capable of being read by anyone considering whether to use the facility.
(3)A person who commits an offence under subsection (2) is liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 6 months or a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale (or both).
(1)It is an offence for a person other than a registered firearms dealer, by way of trade or business, to—
(2)It is an offence for a person (“A”) to sell or transfer an air weapon to another person (“B”) unless—
(b)B holds an air weapon certificate (without a condition attached to it preventing B from purchasing or acquiring an air weapon) and shows it to A,
(ii)the air weapon is to be delivered to a place outwith Great Britain, or to a registered firearms dealer in England or Wales, without first coming into B's possession, or
(d)B provides evidence to A that B is otherwise entitled to purchase or acquire an air weapon without holding an air weapon certificate by virtue of the provisions of this Part.
(3)It is an offence for a person (“A”) to manufacture, repair or test an air weapon for another person (“B”) unless—
(c)B provides evidence to A that B is otherwise entitled to possess an air weapon without holding an air weapon certificate by virtue of the provisions of this Part.
(1)This section applies where a person (“the seller”) sells an air weapon by way of trade or business to an individual in Great Britain who is not a registered firearms dealer.
(2)It is an offence for the seller, for the purposes of the sale, to transfer possession of the weapon to the purchaser otherwise than at a time when both the purchaser and the seller (or a representative of the seller) are present in person.
(b)a registered firearms dealer (“A”) who has been authorised by the seller to act on the seller's behalf in relation to the sale, or
(4)A person who commits an offence under this section is liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale (or both).
(1)A sheriff may, on the application of a constable or a member of police staff, grant a warrant to the applicant under this section if satisfied, by evidence on oath, that there is a reasonable ground for suspecting—
(a)to enter at any time any place named in the warrant, if necessary by force, and to search the place and every person found there,
(b)to seize and detain anything that the constable or member of police staff may find at the place, or on any such person, in respect of which or in connection with which the constable or member of police staff has a reasonable ground for suspecting—
(3)The power of a constable or a member of police staff under subsection (2)(b) to seize and detain anything found at any place, or on any person found there, includes power to require any information which is stored in any electronic form and is accessible from the place or by the person to be produced in a form—
(4)It is an offence for an individual to obstruct intentionally a constable or member of police staff in the exercise of the constable's or member of police staff's powers under a warrant granted under this section.
(5)An individual who commits an offence under subsection (4) is liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale (or both).
(1)A constable may require a person whom the constable believes to be in possession of an air weapon to produce—
(b)evidence that the person is entitled to possess an air weapon without holding an air weapon certificate by virtue of the provisions of this Act.
(2)Where a person fails to produce the air weapon certificate or evidence required under subsection (1), the constable may—
(4)A person who commits an offence under subsection (3) is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.
(iii)an offence for which A is sentenced to imprisonment or to detention in a young offenders' institution,
(b)has been ordered to keep the peace or to be of good behaviour and, as a condition of that, is not to possess, carry or use an air weapon or other firearm,
(c)is subject to a community payback order under section 227A of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995 which contains a requirement not to possess, carry or use an air weapon or other firearm, or
(d)has been ordained to find caution and as a condition of that, is not to possess, carry or use an air weapon or other firearm.
(2)Where this subsection applies, the court by or before which A is convicted, or which imposes the condition or requirement, may cancel the air weapon certificate held by A.
(b)the chief constable must, by notice given to A, require A to surrender A's air weapon certificate within the period of 21 days beginning with the date the notice is given.
(4)It is an offence for an individual, without reasonable excuse, to fail to comply with the requirements of a notice under subsection (3)(b).
(2)Where this subsection applies, the court by or before which A is convicted may make such order as to the forfeiture or disposal of any air weapon found in A's possession as the court thinks fit.
(3)A constable may seize and detain an air weapon which may be the subject of an order for forfeiture under this section or which, but for subsection (5), could be the subject of such an order.
(4)A sheriff may, on an application of the chief constable, order the disposal (by any means the chief constable thinks fit) of any air weapon seized and detained by a constable under this Part.
(5)No order is to be made under subsection (2) or (4) for the forfeiture or disposal of an air weapon which is possessed for the purposes of a museum.
(b)the individual appeals against the decision to revoke the individual's air weapon certificate, police permit or, as the case may be, visitor permit (and does not withdraw that appeal prior to its determination).
(b)if the appeal is dismissed, the sheriff may make such order for the disposal of the air weapon as the sheriff considers appropriate.
(i)does not appeal against the decision to revoke the individual's air weapon certificate, police permit or, as the case may be, visitor permit, or
(10)Where the chief constable decides to dispose of an air weapon under subsection (9)(b), the chief constable must give the owner notice of the decision.
(a)to fail to take reasonable precautions for the safe custody of an air weapon possessed by the person, or
(b)to fail to report as soon as reasonably practicable to the chief constable the loss or theft of an air weapon possessed by the person.
(2)A person who commits an offence under subsection (1) is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.
(1)It is an offence for an individual to knowingly or recklessly make any statement which is false in any material particular for the purposes of procuring (either personally or for another person)—
(2)It is an offence for an individual, with a view to purchasing, acquiring or procuring the repair or testing of an air weapon—
(b)to produce an air weapon certificate, police permit or visitor permit which has been improperly altered, or
(3)An individual who commits an offence under this section is liable, on summary conviction, to imprisonment for a term not exceeding 12 months or a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale (or both).
Section 136 of the Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995 (time limit for certain offences) applies to an air weapon offence which is triable only summarily as if the references in subsection (1) of that section to 6 months were to 36 months (and subsection (2) of that section were omitted).
(b)it is proved that the offence was committed with the consent or connivance of, or was attributable to neglect on the part of—
(2)The individual (as well as the body corporate, partnership or (as the case may be) association) commits the offence and is liable to be proceeded against and punished accordingly.
(d)in relation to an unincorporated association other than a Scottish partnership, an individual who is concerned in the management or control of the association.
(1)A person aggrieved by a decision of the chief constable under a section listed in subsection (2) may appeal against the decision to the appropriate sheriff.
(3)An appeal must be made within the period of 21 days beginning with the date on which the decision appealed against was made.
(5)The sheriff hearing the appeal may consider any evidence or other matter, whether or not it was available at the time the chief constable made the decision appealed against.
(b)give the chief constable such direction as the sheriff considers appropriate as respects the matter which is the subject of the appeal.
(a)in a case where the appellant resides in Scotland, a sheriff of the sheriffdom in which the appellant resides, or
(b)in a case where the appellant resides outwith Scotland, a sheriff of the sheriffdom of Lothian and Borders, sitting at Edinburgh.
I58S. 34(1)(2)(a)-(m)(3)-(8) in force at 1.7.2016 by S.S.I. 2016/130, art. 2, sch. (with arts. 5, 6)
(1)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make provision for the charging of fees by the chief constable—
(c)provide for fees to be determined by reference to such factors (including the value of money) as may be specified in the regulations.
(3)Where regulations under subsection (1) provide for a fee to be charged in respect of an application under this Part, the application is valid only when the fee is paid.
(2)Without limiting that generality (or the generality of section 85), regulations under subsection (1) may—
(a)make provision about the application processes under this Part (for example, prescribing the form and content of applications, any required supporting documentation or making further provision about the verification of applications),
(b)make provision in relation to air weapon certificates, police permits, visitor permits, event permits and approvals of air weapon clubs (for example, prescribing their form and content or the conditions which may or must be attached to them).
(2)But the Court of Session may, on the application of the Scottish Ministers, the chief constable or any other public body or office-holder having responsibility for enforcing the provision, declare unlawful any act or omission of the Crown which constitutes such a contravention.
(3)Despite subsection (1), any provision made by or under this Part applies to a person in the public service of the Crown as it applies to other persons.
(1)This section applies where, on the day on which section 2(1) comes into force, a person aged 14 years or more holds a firearm certificate or a shot gun certificate (“the existing certificate”).
(2)It is not an offence under section 2(1) for the person to use and possess an air weapon without holding an air weapon certificate for the duration of the transitional period.
(5)But it is not an offence under subsection (4) for a person to fail to comply with a condition mentioned in subsection (3) if—
(a)the person is entitled to use or possess an air weapon by virtue of an exemption under schedule 1, and
(6)A person who commits an offence under subsection (4) is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.
(7)In this section, the “transitional period” means, in relation to an existing certificate, the period—
(8)For the purposes of subsection (7)(b)(i), where a person holds both a firearm certificate and a shot gun certificate, the existing certificate is the certificate which is, or which falls to be, renewed later.
(9)For the purposes of subsection (7)(b)(ii), where a person holds both a firearm certificate and a shot gun certificate—
(10)For the purposes of paragraph 16 of schedule 1, this section is to be treated as if it were an exemption under that schedule.
(1)The chief constable must, in exercising any function under this Part, have regard to any guidance issued by the Scottish Ministers.
“air weapon club” means an association of individuals which has as a purpose the activity of target shooting with air weapons,
“approval”, in relation to an air weapon club, means an approval granted to the club under section 18(1),
“approved air weapon club” means an air weapon club which has been granted an approval by the chief constable under section 18(1),
“constable” has the meaning given in section 99(1) of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012,
“guardian”, in relation to an individual, means a person appointed by deed or will or by a court of competent jurisdiction to be the guardian of the individual,
“member of police staff” means an individual appointed under section 26 of the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012,
“member of staff of the Scottish Police Authority” means an individual appointed under paragraph 6(1) of schedule 1 to the Police and Fire Reform (Scotland) Act 2012,
“museum” means a museum or similar institution which has as its purpose, or one of its purposes, the preservation for the public benefit of a collection of historical, artistic or scientific interest which is maintained wholly or mainly out of money provided by Parliament, a Minister of the Crown, the Scottish Ministers or a local authority,
“registered firearms dealer” means a person registered as a firearms dealer under section 33 of the 1968 Act,
the spouse, civil partner, parent, stepparent, child, stepchild, grandparent or grandchild of the individual or of the individual's spouse, former spouse, civil partner or former civil partner, or
the sibling, uncle, aunt, nephew or niece (whether of the full blood or of the half blood or by affinity) of the individual or the individual's spouse, former spouse, civil partner or former civil partner,
and includes, in relation to an individual who is living or has lived with another individual as if they were spouses or civil partners, any individual who would fall within paragraph (a) or (b) if the parties were married or civilly partnered to each other,
(2)In this Part, a reference to an individual holding an air weapon certificate, a police permit or a visitor permit is a reference to an individual holding an air weapon certificate, police permit or, as the case may be, visitor permit—
(3)In this Part, a reference to a condition attached to an air weapon certificate, police permit, visitor permit, event permit or approval of an air weapon club includes a reference to any condition to which the certificate, permit or as the case may be, approval is subject by virtue of this Act.
(4)Any expression used in this Part which is also used in an Act listed in subsection (5) is, unless the context otherwise requires, to be construed in accordance with any decisions or opinions of a court interpreting the expression for the purposes of the Act.
In section 4 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 2005 (“the 2005 Act”) (the licensing objectives), in subsection (1)(e), after “children” insert “ and young persons ”.
“(3ZA)A Licensing Board may, in preparing a licensing policy statement, decide that the licensing policy period to which the statement relates is to begin on a date earlier than it otherwise would under subsection (7).
(3ZB)Where a Licensing Board make a decision under subsection (3ZA) they must, when publishing the licensing policy statement under subsection (6), publicise the date on which they have decided the licensing policy period is to begin.”,
“(7)Subject to subsection (3ZA), in this section, “licensing policy period” means the period between each relevant date.
(8)For the purposes of subsection (7), “relevant date” means the date occurring 18 months after an ordinary election of councillors for local government areas takes place under section 5 of the Local Government etc. (Scotland) Act 1994.”.
“(1A)A person giving a notice under subsection (1) may include in the notice any information that the person considers may be relevant to consideration by the Board of any ground for refusal including, in particular, information in relation to—
(b)where the applicant is neither an individual nor a council, a connected person in relation to the applicant, or
(c)any person who would be an interested party in relation to the subject premises if the application were to be granted.”,
(b)in subsection (3)(b), after “representation” insert “ (including any information included under subsection (1A)) ”.
“(ba)that the Licensing Board consider, having regard to the licensing objectives, that the applicant is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a premises licence,”,
(b)in subsection (6), for the words “the granting of the application would be inconsistent with one or more of the licensing objectives,” substitute “ either of the grounds for refusal specified in subsection (5)(ba) and (c) applies, ”,
“(7A)On giving a notice under subsection (6)(a) or (b), the chief constable may also provide to the Licensing Board any information in relation to—
(c)any person who would be an interested party in relation to the licensed premises if the application for the transfer of the licence to the transferee were to be granted,
that the chief constable considers may be relevant to consideration by the Board of the application.”,
(ii)in paragraph (a), for the words from “it” to “objectives” substitute “ a ground for refusal applies ”,
(a)that, having regard to the licensing objectives, the transferee is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a premises licence,
(b)that it is otherwise necessary to refuse the application for the purposes of any of the licensing objectives.”.
“(za)that, having regard to the licensing objectives, the licence holder is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a premises licence,”,
“(za)where the ground is that specified in subsection (3)(za), a summary of the information on which the applicant's view that the alleged ground applies is based,”,
“(5A)A person making a premises licence review application may include in the application any information that the applicant considers may be relevant to consideration by the Licensing Board of the alleged ground for review including, in particular, information in relation to—
(b)where the licence holder is neither an individual nor a council, a connected person in relation to the licence holder, or
“(za)where the ground is that specified in section 36(3)(za), a summary of the information on which the Board's view that the alleged ground applies is based,”,
“(5)A Licensing Board making a premises licence review proposal may include in the proposal any information that the Board considers may be relevant to their consideration of the alleged ground for review including, in particular, information in relation to—
“(2A)Where, at a review hearing in relation to any premises licence, the Licensing Board are satisfied that the ground for review specified in section 36(3)(za) is established, the Board must revoke the licence.
(2B)Subject to section 39B, a revocation under subsection (2A) takes effect at the end of the period of 28 days beginning with the day on which the Board makes the decision.”.
(a)a relevant application is made before the end of the period referred to in section 39(2B) (“the 28 day period”), and
(b)a premises licence variation application seeking a variation of the licence that the Board considers would remove the ground on which the licence was revoked under section 39(2A).
(5)This section does not affect the right to appeal against the decision to revoke the licence under section 39(2A).”.
“(5)On giving a notice under subsection (3)(a) or (b), the chief constable may also provide to the Licensing Board any information in relation to the applicant that the chief constable considers may be relevant to consideration by the Board of the application.”.
(1)Where a Licensing Board receive a personal licence application, the Board must give notice of it, together with a copy of the application, to a Licensing Standards Officer for the Board's area.
(2)A Licensing Standards Officer may, within 21 days of the date of receipt of a notice under subsection (1), respond to the notice by giving the Licensing Board any information in relation to the applicant that the Officer considers may be relevant to consideration by the Board of the application.”.
(b)the notice received from the chief constable under subsection (3)(a) or (b) of section 73 does not include a recommendation under subsection (4) of that section, and
(iii)in paragraph (a), for the words from “it” to “objectives” substitute “ a ground for refusal applies ”,
(a)that, having regard to the licensing objectives, the applicant is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a personal licence,
“(9A)Where, at the hearing, the Licensing Board are satisfied that, having regard to the licensing objectives, the licence holder is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a personal licence, the Board must make an order revoking the licence.”,
“(7A)Where, at the hearing, the Licensing Board are satisfied that, having regard to the licensing objectives, the licence holder is not a fit and proper person to be the holder of a personal licence, the Board must make an order revoking the licence.”,
“(1)Any person, other than an individual under the age of 18, may apply to the appropriate Licensing Board for the transfer of a premises licence to the person (such person being referred to in this section and section 33A as the “transferee”).
(i)the premises licence to which the application relates or, if that is not practicable, a statement of the reasons for failure to produce the licence, and
(ii)a written statement signed by the holder of the premises licence consenting to its transfer to the transferee (a “consent statement”) or, if that is not practicable, a statement of the reasons for failure to obtain the licence holder's written consent.”,
“(8A)If the application is not accompanied by a consent statement referred to in subsection (1A)(b)(ii), the Board must refuse the application, unless the Board dispenses with the requirement for a consent statement under section 33A(4).”.
(1)This section applies where a Licensing Board receives an application under section 33(1) for the transfer of a premises licence.
(2)The Board must take all reasonable steps to give notice of the application to the premises licence holder.
(3)Subsection (4) applies where the application is not accompanied by a consent statement referred to in section 33(1A)(b)(ii).
(4)The Board may dispense with the requirement for a consent statement if satisfied that the transferee has taken all reasonable steps to contact the premises licence holder in order to obtain consent but has received no response.
(5)Where the Board decides under subsection (4) not to dispense with the requirement for a consent statement, the Board must give notice of the decision, and of the reasons for it, to the transferee.
(6)Where the Board decides under subsection (4) to dispense with the requirement for a consent statement the Board must hold a hearing under section 33(9) for the purpose of considering and determining the application.
(b)where the Board grants the application after that date, on such date as the Board may determine.”.
(a)in column 1 of the entry relating to a decision to refuse an application under section 33(1) or 34(1) for transfer of a premises licence, the words “or 34(1)” are repealed,
“A decision to grant an application under section 33(1) for transfer of a premises licence The person from whom the premises licence is to be transferred
A decision under section 33A(4), in relation to an application under section 33(1) for transfer of a premises licence, not to dispense with the requirement for a consent statement The applicant”.
In section 44 of the 2005 Act (procedure where Licensing Board receive notice of conviction in relation to a premises licence)—
(a)in subsection (7), after “subsection (4)(b)” insert “ which includes a recommendation under subsection (5) ”,
“(7A)If the Licensing Board receive from the chief constable a notice under subsection (4)(b) which does not include a recommendation under subsection (5), the Licensing Board must—
In section 83 of the 2005 Act (procedure where Licensing Board receive notice of a conviction in relation to a personal licence)—
In section 129 of the 2005 Act (relevant offences and foreign offences), subsection (4) is repealed.
(2)Subsection (1)(a)(ii) and (b) does not apply to the buying of alcohol for, or (as the case may be) giving or making available of alcohol to, a child—
(b)any place to which the public have access for the time being (whether on payment of a fee or otherwise), and
(a)the buying of alcohol for, or (as the case may be) giving or making available of alcohol to, a young person—
(b)the buying, or (as the case may be) giving or making available, of beer, wine, cider or perry for consumption by a young person along with a meal supplied on relevant premises.
(c)any place to which the public do not have access but to which the young person unlawfully gains access.
In section 2 of the 2005 Act (meaning of “alcohol”), in subsection (1)(b), paragraph (iv) is repealed.
(a)in subsection (2), after “Act” insert “ and in doing so the Board may determine that the whole of the Board's area is a locality ”,
“(aa)may have regard to such other matters as the Board thinks fit including, in particular, the licensed hours of licensed premises in the locality, and”,
(b)for “that description,” substitute “ the same or similar description as the subject premises (taking account of the variation), ”.
(1)Each Licensing Board must prepare and publish a report not later than 3 months after the end of each financial year.
(ii)their licensing policy statement and any supplementary licensing policy statement (including the Board's statement under section 7(1) (duty to assess overprovision)),
(c)information about the number of licences held under this Act in the Board's area (including information about the number of occasional licences issued during the year).
(3)A report under this section may include such other information about the exercise of the Licensing Board's functions under this Act as the Board consider appropriate.
(4)At the request of a Licensing Board the relevant council must provide the Board with such information as the Board may reasonably require for the purpose of preparing a report under this section.
(5)In discharging their duties under subsection (1) and section 9B(1) (annual financial report), a Licensing Board may, if they consider it appropriate, prepare and publish a combined report containing the information required under this section and under section 9B (which combined report must be published not later than 3 months after the end of the financial year in question).
(6)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make further provision about reports under this section including, in particular, provision about—
“relevant income”, in relation to a Licensing Board, means income received by the Board in connection with the exercise of the Board's functions under or by virtue of—
section 14(1) of the Alcohol etc. (Scotland) Act 2010 (social responsibility levy) in so far as relating to holders of premises licences or occasional licences, and
(5)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make further provision about reports under this section including provision—
(ii)what constitutes relevant income and relevant expenditure for the purposes of subsection (2), and
“(ba)providing information to Licensing Boards about any conduct of holders of, or persons applying for, personal licences in the area, which is inconsistent with the licensing objectives,”.
“84BPower of Licensing Standards Officers to report conduct inconsistent with the licensing objectives
(1)If a Licensing Standards Officer considers that any personal licence holder who is or was working in licensed premises in the Officer's area has acted in a manner which is inconsistent with any of the licensing objectives, the Officer may report the matter to the relevant Licensing Board.
(2)Where a Licensing Board receives a report from a Licensing Standards Officer under subsection (1), the Board may hold a hearing.
(3)Subsections (6), (6A), (7), (7A) and (8) of section 84 and subsection (1)(b) of section 85 apply in relation to a hearing under subsection (2) of this section as they apply in relation to a hearing under subsection (3)(a) or (5) of section 84.
(2)In section 40A (connected persons and interested parties: licence holder's duty to notify changes)—
(5)In section 147(5) (interpretation), in the opening words, the words “nor the premises manager” are repealed.
(5)In section 84A (power of chief constable to report conduct inconsistent with the licensing objectives), in subsection (3), for “(8)(a)” substitute “ (8) ”.
(2)In a case where the Licensing Board are satisfied that the application meets the prescribed requirements they must, unless subsection (3) applies, give an acknowledgement to the applicant—
(b)listing any documents received in support of the application and the date or dates on which the documents were received by them, and
(3)This subsection applies where the Licensing Board consider it appropriate to determine the application on its merits without first giving an acknowledgement to the applicant.
(4)In a case where the Licensing Board are not satisfied that the application meets the prescribed requirements, they must give a notice to the applicant––
(5)Subsection (4) does not prevent an applicant from submitting further information in support of the application if that is otherwise competent.
(6)A Licensing Board must give an acknowledgement under subsection (2) or give a notice under subsection (4) as soon as is practicable.
(7)For the purposes of this section, “prescribed requirements”, in relation to a relevant application, means the requirements (as to form, content, etc.) which are imposed by or under this Act or any other enactment in respect of the type of relevant application in question.
(1)A Licensing Board must determine every relevant application which meets the prescribed requirements (including an application mentioned in subsection (2)) before the end of the period of 9 months beginning with (the later of)—
(b)where the application did not initially meet the prescribed requirements, the date on which the application met the prescribed requirements.
(2)Where a Licensing Board consider it appropriate to determine a relevant application without first giving an acknowledgement under section 134ZA(2), they must determine the application as soon as is practicable.
(3)A sheriff of the appropriate sheriffdom may, on an application by a Licensing Board in relation to a relevant application, extend the period for determining the application under subsection (1).
(5)The applicant in relation to a relevant application is entitled to be a party to proceedings on an application to a sheriff under subsection (3).
(1)Subsection (2) applies where a Licensing Board have failed to determine a relevant application before the expiry of the determination period.
(a)the application is deemed to have been granted on the date on which the determination period expired, and
(b)the deemed grant of the application has the same effect, for the purposes of this Act, as if the application had been granted by the Licensing Board.
(3)A Licensing Board may not impose any conditions (other than those which they must impose under this Act) in respect of an application which is deemed to have been granted under subsection (2).
(b)in respect of which the Licensing Board must, on granting such an application, determine the period during which the thing applied for is to have effect.
(5)The thing applied for is to have effect for the duration of the period stated in the application (subject to any limits imposed by this Act).
“determination period” means, in relation to a relevant application, the period for determining the application under section 134ZB(1) including (if applicable) any extension to that period granted under subsection (3) of that section,
(1)Section 134 of the 2005 Act (form etc. of applications, proposals and notices) is amended as follows.
(3)The section title becomes “ Form etc. of applications, proposals, notices and other communications ”.
In section 10 of the Civic Government (Scotland) Act 1982 (“the 1982 Act”) (taxi and private hire car licences), after subsection (3) insert—
“(3A)Without prejudice to paragraph 5 of Schedule 1, the grant of a private hire car licence may be refused by a licensing authority if, but only if, they are satisfied that there is (or, as a result of granting the licence, would be) overprovision of private hire car services in the locality (or localities) in their area in which the private hire car is to operate.
(3B)It is for the licensing authority to determine the localities within their area for the purposes of subsection (3A) and in doing so the authority may determine that the whole of their area is a locality.
(3C)In satisfying themselves as to whether there is or would be overprovision for the purposes of subsection (3A) in any locality, the licensing authority must have regard to—
“(2)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations specify further circumstances in which sections 10 to 21 (with the exception of subsection (7) of section 21) are not to apply.
“(ab)in a case where the licence is a metal dealer's licence or an itinerant metal dealer's licence, to such fine or imprisonment as is mentioned in subsection (1)(a) (or to both), and”.
(a)by means of a cheque which under section 81A of the Bills of Exchange Act 1882 is not transferable, or
(3)If a metal dealer or an itinerant metal dealer pays for metal otherwise than in accordance with subsection (1), the dealer and each of the persons listed in subsection (4) (if any) commit an offence.
(a)in a case of payment being made by a metal dealer at a place of business of the dealer, the person with day to day management of the place,
(b)in any case, any person who, acting on behalf of the metal dealer or the itinerant metal dealer, makes the payment.
(5)It is a defence for a metal dealer, an itinerant metal dealer or a person described in subsection (4)(a) who is charged with an offence under this section to prove that the dealer or, as the case may be, person—
(a)made arrangements to ensure that the payment was to be made only in accordance with subsection (1), and
(6)A person who commits an offence under this section is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 5 on the standard scale.
(9)In this section, “place of business” means a place of business operated by a metal dealer in the ordinary course of that dealer's business as a metal dealer.
(1)In section 33A(2)(b), “bank or building society account” means an account held with a bank or a building society.
(a)“bank” means an authorised deposit-taker that has its head office or a branch in the United Kingdom, and
(a)a person who has permission to accept deposits under Part 4A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (but see subsection (4) for exclusions),
(b)an EEA firm of the kind mention in paragraph 5(b) of Schedule 3 to that Act that has permission under paragraph 15 of that Schedule (as a result of qualifying for authorisation under paragraph 12(1) of that Schedule).
(4)The reference in subsection (3)(a) to a person who has permission to accept deposits under Part 4A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 does not include—
(b)a society registered as a credit union under the Co-operative and Community Benefit Societies Act 2014 or the Credit Unions (Northern Ireland) Order 1985 (S.I. 1985/1205 (N.I. 12)),
(c)a friendly society within the meaning given by section 116 of the Friendly Societies Act 1992, or
(2)Sections 30 (keeping of records) and 33 (receipts and invoices: itinerant metal dealers) are repealed.
(d)the price, if any, payable in respect of the acquisition of the metal, if that price has been ascertained at the time when the entry in the record relating to that metal is to be made,
(f)where no price is payable for the metal, the value of the metal at the time when the entry is to be made as estimated by the dealer,
(g)in the case of metal delivered to the dealer by means of a vehicle, the registration mark (within the meaning of section 23 of the Vehicle Excise and Registration Act 1994) borne by the vehicle.
(4)In respect of any metal processed or disposed of, the dealer must record the following information—
(d)in the case of metal disposed of otherwise than by sale or exchange, its value immediately before its disposal as estimated by the dealer.
(d)retain information recorded or documents kept under this section for a period of not less than 3 years beginning with the date on which the information was recorded or document obtained.
(a)specify the means by which a person's name and address may be verified for the purposes of this section,
(b)require further information to be recorded about any metal acquired, processed or disposed of by metal dealers or itinerant metal dealers.
(3)Where a dealer uses a device for storing and processing information, the dealer must, by means of the device or otherwise, keep details of all modifications made in the records kept by the device.
(4)Where a dealer is required to keep a copy of a document under section 33C, it is sufficient for the dealer—
(b)in relation to a document verifying a person's name or address, keep only one copy of the document.
(5)In this section, “required information” means the information about metal acquired, processed or disposed of that a dealer is required to record under or by virtue of section 33C(2), (4) or (6).
(2)Where a metal dealer records the required information in books, the dealer must not, at any time at a place of business, use more than—
“place of business” means a place of business operated by a metal dealer in the ordinary course of that dealer's business as a metal dealer,
“required information” means the information about metal acquired, processed or disposed of that a dealer is required to record under or by virtue of section 33C(2), (4) or (6).”.
“(2A)Any metal dealer or itinerant metal dealer who fails to comply with a requirement of section 33C, 33D or 33E commits an offence and is liable, on summary conviction, to a fine not exceeding level 3 on the standard scale.”,
(b)in subsection (3), for the words from “furnishes” to “keep” substitute “ produces any information or document which the dealer is required to record or keep under section 33C which is false or misleading in a material particular ”.
I97S. 70(1)(3) in force at 1.9.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/85, art. 2, Sch.
(1)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make provision for and about the establishment, keeping and maintaining of a register of metal dealers and itinerant metal dealers.
(c)specifying the information to be included in the register in relation to each person who holds a licence as a metal dealer or itinerant metal dealer,
(4)Regulations under subsection (1) which contain provision which adds to, replaces, or omits any part of an Act are subject to the affirmative procedure.
(b)collects articles of the kind described in paragraph (a)(i) and (ii) by means of visits from place to place, and
(c)disposes of such articles without causing them to be kept in a metal store or other premises (including by disposing or giving custody of the articles to a person who keeps a metal store),”.
“(2)For the purposes of sections 28 to 36, a person carries on business as a metal dealer if the person—
(b)carries on business as a motor salvage operator (so far as that does not fall within paragraph (a)).
(3)For the purposes of subsection (2)(b), a person carries on business as a motor salvage operator if the person carries on a business which consists wholly or substantially of—
(a)recovering salvageable parts from motor vehicles for re-use or sale and selling or disposing of the rest of the vehicle for scrap,
(c)buying or selling motor vehicles which are to be the subject (whether immediately or upon a subsequent resale) of any of the activities mentioned in paragraphs (a) and (b).”.
I100S. 72 in force at 1.9.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/85, art. 2, Sch. (with arts. 4, 6)
(1)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make provision specifying circumstances in which the provisions of sections 28 to 37 are not to apply.
“(3A)In relation to a public entertainment licence which authorises the use of premises for the performance of plays, no condition may be attached to the licence as to the nature of the plays which may be performed, or the manner of performing plays, under the licence.
(3B)Subsection (3A) does not prevent a licensing authority from attaching, by virtue of section 3B or in accordance with subsection (3) or paragraph 5 of Schedule 1, any condition which they consider appropriate on the grounds of public safety.”.
(2)In section 1 of the Theatres Act 1968 (“the 1968 Act”) (abolition of censorship of the theatre), subsection (2) is repealed.
(3)Sections 12 to 14 of the 1968 Act (licensing of premises for public performances of plays) are repealed.
(iii)the words “or, in a case falling within paragraph (b) above, any police officer or authorised officer of the licensing authority” are repealed,
(5)In section 18 of the 1968 Act (interpretation), in subsection (1), the definition of “licensing authority” is repealed.
In section 41(2) of the 1982 Act (places not requiring public entertainment licences), in paragraph (f), for the words from “licensed” where first occurring to “(asp 16)” substitute “ premises in respect of which a premises licence within the meaning of section 17 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 2005 has effect ”.
“(ab)a sexual entertainment venue (as defined in section 45A) in relation to which Schedule 2 (as modified for the purposes of section 45B) has effect, while being used as such;”.
(1)This section applies for the purposes of the interpretation of section 45B and Schedule 2 (as modified for the purposes of section 45B).
(2)“Sexual entertainment venue” means any premises at which sexual entertainment is provided before a live audience for (or with a view to) the financial gain of the organiser.
“financial gain” includes financial gain arising directly or indirectly from the provision of the sexual entertainment,
where A exercises that responsibility on behalf of another person (whether by virtue of a contract of employment or otherwise), that other person,
“premises” includes any vehicle, vessel or stall but does not include any private dwelling to which the public is not admitted,
which is of such a nature that, ignoring financial gain, it must reasonably be assumed to be provided solely or principally for the purpose of sexually stimulating any member of the audience (whether by verbal or other means).
(a)in the case of a woman, the showing of (to any extent and by any means) her nipples, pubic area, genitals or anus,
(b)in the case of a man, the showing of (to any extent and by any means) his pubic area, genitals or anus.
(5)Sexual entertainment is provided if (and only if) it is provided (or allowed to be provided) by or on behalf of the organiser.
(6)References in Schedule 2 (as modified for the purposes of section 45B) to the use of any premises by a person as a sexual entertainment venue are to be read as references to their use by the organiser.
(9)Premises at which sexual entertainment is provided as mentioned in subsection (2) on a particular occasion (“the current occasion”) are not to be treated as a sexual entertainment venue if sexual entertainment has not been provided on more than 3 previous occasions which fall wholly or partly within the period of 12 months ending with the start of the current occasion.
(a)each continuous period during which sexual entertainment is provided on the premises is to be treated as a separate occasion, and
(b)where the period during which sexual entertainment is provided on the premises exceeds 24 hours, each period of 24 hours (and any part of a period of 24 hours) is to be treated as a separate occasion.
(1)A local authority may resolve that Schedule 2 (as modified for the purposes of this section) is to have effect in their area in relation to sexual entertainment venues.
(2)If a local authority passes a resolution under subsection (1), Schedule 2 (as so modified) has effect in their area from the day specified in the resolution.
(3)The day mentioned in subsection (2) must not be before the expiry of the period of one year beginning with the day on which the resolution is passed.
(4)A local authority must, not later than 28 days before the day mentioned in subsection (2), publish notice that they have passed a resolution under this section.
(6)For the purposes of this section, paragraphs 1 and 3 to 25 of Schedule 2 apply with the following modifications—
(b)references to the use by a person of premises, vehicles, vessels or stalls as a sexual entertainment venue are to be read as references to their use by the organiser,
“(3A)If a local authority consider it appropriate to do so in relation to an application, the local authority may dispense with the requirement to publish an advertisement under sub-paragraph (2) and may instead publish notice of the application electronically.
(3B)Publication under sub-paragraph (3A) must be not later than 7 days after the date of the application.
(a)send a copy of the application to each person or body listed in the local authority's determination under sub-paragraph (3D), and
(b)submit to the local authority a certificate stating that the applicant has complied with this sub-paragraph.
(a)from time to time determine the persons or bodies who must receive a copy of the application, and
(a)from time to time determine the appropriate number of sexual entertainment venues for their area and for each relevant locality, and
“(6A)A local authority may refuse an application for the grant or renewal of a licence despite the fact that a premises licence under Part 3 of the Licensing (Scotland) Act 2005 is in effect in relation to the premises, vehicle, vessel or stall to which the application relates.”,
(g)in paragraph 19(1)(e), for the words from “without” to the end of paragraph (e) substitute “knowingly permits any person under the age of 18 to enter the sexual entertainment venue—
(7)In carrying out functions conferred by virtue of this section, a local authority must have regard to any guidance issued by the Scottish Ministers.
(2)The local authority must prepare a statement of their policy with respect to the exercise of their functions in relation to the licensing of sexual entertainment venues (a “SEV policy statement”).
(a)consider the impact of the licensing of sexual entertainment venues in their area, having regard, in particular, to how it will affect the objectives of—
(4)The local authority must publish the SEV policy statement at the same time and in the same manner as they publish the notice of the resolution under section 45B(4).
(a)from time to time review the SEV policy statement and make such revisions as they consider appropriate (if any), and
(6)Subsection (3) applies to a review of a SEV policy statement as it applies to preparing such a statement.
(7)In exercising their functions in relation to the licensing of sexual entertainment venues, a local authority must have regard to their SEV policy statement or revised statement.
(a)consider each relevant application made to them within the period of 3 months beginning with the date on which the application was made, and
(b)subject to the following provisions of this section, reach a final decision on the application within the period of 6 months beginning with the end of the 3 month period referred to in paragraph (a).”,
(a)in the case of a temporary licence, to remain in force for the duration of the period sought in the application (up to a maximum period of 6 weeks), or
(4B)A variation of the terms of a licence deemed to have been granted under subsection (4) is to have effect for the remaining period of the licence.
“(5A)The deemed grant, renewal or variation of the terms of a licence under subsection (4) is, for the purposes of Schedule 1, to be treated as a decision of the licensing authority to grant, renew or vary the terms of a licence.
(5B)For the purposes of this section, a “relevant application” is an application under paragraph 1, 7 or 10 of Schedule 1.”.
(b)subject to the following provisions of this section, reach a final decision on the application within the period of 6 months beginning with the end of the 3 month period referred to in paragraph (a).
(2)On an application by the local authority within the 6 month period referred to in subsection (1)(b), the sheriff may, if it appears that there is a good reason to do so, extend that period as the sheriff thinks fit.
(4)Where the local authority have failed to reach a final decision on the application before the expiry of—
the licence is deemed to have been granted, renewed or, as the case may be, varied on the date of such expiry.
(5)A licence deemed to have been granted or renewed under subsection (4) is to remain in force for the period of one year.
(6)A deemed variation of the terms of a licence deemed under subsection (4) is to have effect for the remaining period of the licence.
(8)The deemed grant, renewal or variation of the terms of a licence under subsection (4) has the same effect, for the purposes of Schedule 2, as a decision of the licensing authority to grant, renew or vary the terms of a licence.
(9)For the purposes of this section, a “relevant application” is an application under paragraph 6 or 15 of Schedule 2.”.
(4)In Schedule 1 (licensing: further provisions as to the general system), in paragraph 10, after sub-paragraph (5) insert—
“(6)Sub-paragraph (5) does not apply to a deemed variation of the terms of a licence under section 3(4).”.
(5)In Schedule 2 (control of sex shops and sexual entertainment venues), in paragraph 15, after sub-paragraph (4) insert—
“(4A)Sub-paragraph (4) does not apply to a deemed variation of the terms of a licence under section 45D(4).”.
(2)In section 5 (rights of entry and inspection), in subsection (2)(a)(ii), after “suspended” insert “ or revoked ”.
(a)the italic heading preceding paragraph 10 becomes “ Variation, suspension and revocation of licences ”,
(2)In Schedule 1 (licensing: further provisions as to the general system), after paragraph 18 insert—
18A(1)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make provision as to the procedure to be followed at, or in connection with, any hearing to be held by a licensing authority under this Schedule.
(3)Regulations under this paragraph may make different provision for different purposes including, in particular, different types of licence.
24A(1)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make provision as to the procedure to be followed at, or in connection with, any hearing to be held by a local authority under this Schedule.
(3)Regulations under this paragraph may make different provision for different purposes, including, in particular, different types of licence.
(1)The Scottish Ministers may by order prescribe conditions to which licences granted by local authorities under this Part are to be subject.
(4)Subsection (1) does not affect any other power of the Scottish Ministers under this Act or any other enactment to prescribe conditions—
(6)In this section and section 45F, references to licences granted by local authorities include references to—
(1)A local authority may determine conditions to which licences granted by them under this Part are to be subject.
(2)Conditions determined under subsection (1) are referred to in this Part as “standard conditions”.
(4)A local authority must publish, in such manner as they think appropriate, any standard conditions determined by them.
(b)impose conditions in addition to any mandatory or standard conditions to which the licence is subject.”,
“(2ZA)A variation made under sub-paragraph (1A)(a) or a condition imposed under sub-paragraph (1A)(b) has no effect in so far as it is inconsistent with any mandatory condition to which the licence is subject.”,
I108S. 80(1)(2) in force at 1.11.2016 in so far as not already in force by S.S.I. 2016/307, art. 2, sch.
In paragraph 9(2) of Schedule 2 to the 1982 Act (examples of conditions which may be imposed in relation to Part 3 licences), in paragraph (b), after “on or in” insert “ or otherwise connected with ”.
(1)Each local authority must appoint for their area one or more officers (a “civic licensing standards officer”)—
(a)to exercise, in relation to the authority's area, the general functions conferred on civic licensing standards officers by virtue of section 45H, and
(b)to exercise any other functions that may be conferred on such an officer by virtue of this or any other enactment.
(2)A civic licensing standards officer appointed by a local authority is taken to be an authorised officer of the authority for the purposes of Parts 1 to 3.
(3)A person may hold more than one appointment under subsection (1) (so as to be a civic licensing standards officer for more than one local authority area).
(4)Nothing in this section prevents an officer of a local authority other than a civic licensing standards officer from being an authorised officer of the authority for a purpose of Parts 1 to 3.
(5)In this Part, a reference to a local authority includes a reference to that authority acting as the licensing authority for their area and a reference to an authorised officer of a local authority (however expressed) is to be construed accordingly.
(a)to provide to any interested person information and guidance concerning the operation of Parts 1 to 3 in the officer's area,
(b)to supervise the compliance by the holder of a licence granted under Parts 1 to 3 in the officer's area with—
(c)to provide mediation services for the purposes of avoiding or resolving disputes or disagreements between—
concerning any matter relating to compliance with the conditions of the licence or the other requirements of Parts 1 to 3.
(2)The function under subsection (1)(b) includes, in particular, power for a civic licensing standards officer, where the officer believes that a condition to which the licence is subject has been or is being breached—
(a)to give a notice to the holder of the licence requiring such action to be taken to remedy the breach as may be specified in the notice, and
(b)to refer the breach to the local authority which granted the licence for consideration at a meeting of the authority.
(3)A civic licensing standards officer may only refer a breach of a condition under subsection (2)(b) if—
(a)the officer has given notice under subsection (2)(a) and the holder of the licence has failed to comply with it, or
(b)the officer considers that it is appropriate for the breach to be referred to the authority without such a notice being given.
(b)where the officer is appointed for more than one local authority area, the area for which the officer is exercising a function at the relevant time.”.
“(3A)Where a licensing authority have determined to accept objections and representations by means of an electronic communication under paragraph 16A, an objection or representation is made for the purpose of sub-paragraph (1) of this paragraph if it is sent—
(a)to the authority by means of an electronic communication which complies with the determination, and
(i)the form of electronic communication by which applications, objections, representations or notifications may be made or given,
(ii)the electronic address to be used for making or giving applications, objections, representations or notifications, and
(3)In relation to an application, objection, representation or notification made or given by means of an electronic communication, any requirement of this Schedule for the application, objection, representation or notification—
(b)to be signed is satisfied if the communication includes an electronic signature or is authenticated by a means specified under sub-paragraph (2)(a)(iii).
(5)A licensing authority may only give a notice or reasons by means of an electronic communication if—
(a)the person to whom the notice or reasons is or are to be given has agreed to receive notices and reasons by means of an electronic communication, and
(b)the communication is sent to an electronic address, and is in an electronic form, specified for that purpose by the person.
(6)In relation to any notice or reasons given by means of an electronic communication, any requirement of this Schedule for the notice or reasons to be given in writing is satisfied if the communication is sent in accordance with sub-paragraph (5).
(7)When a licensing authority gives a notice or reasons by means of an electronic communication then, unless the contrary is proved, it is to be treated as having been received by the person to whom it was sent on the second working day after the day on which it was sent.
(e)a day which is a local or public holiday in the area in which the electronic communication is to be sent.
(9)A licensing authority may make different determinations for different purposes including, in particular, for different types of licence.
“electronic communication” is to be construed in accordance with section 15(1) of the Electronic Communications Act 2000,
“electronic signature” is to be construed in accordance with section 7(2) of the Electronic Communications Act 2000.”.
“(4A)Where a local authority have determined to accept objections and representations by means of an electronic communication under paragraph 22A, an objection or representation is made for the purpose of sub-paragraph (2) of this paragraph if it is sent—
(e)a day which is a local or public holiday in the area to which the electronic communication is sent.
(9)A local authority may make different determinations for different purposes including, in particular, for different types of licence.
(3)Regulations under section 86(1) containing provisions which add to, replace or omit any part of the text of an Act are subject to the affirmative procedure.
(1)The Scottish Ministers may by regulations make such incidental, supplementary, consequential, transitional, transitory or saving provision as they consider necessary or expedient for the purposes of, or in consequence of, or for giving full effect to, any provision of this Act or any provision made under it.
(1)Section 60(1) and (2) and this Part, other than section 87, come into force on the day after Royal Assent.
(2)The other provisions of this Act (including section 87) come into force on such day as the Scottish Ministers may by order appoint.
Show Timeline of Changes: See how this legislation has or could change over time. Turning this feature on will show extra navigation options to go to these specific points in time. Return to the latest available version by using the controls above in the What Version box.
Text created by the Scottish Executive department responsible for the subject matter of the Act to explain what the Act sets out to achieve and to make the Act accessible to readers who are not legally qualified. Explanatory Notes were introduced in 1999 and accompany all Acts of the Scottish Parliament except those which result from Budget Bills
An Act to make provision as respects things done, in relation to enemy property or property treated as enemy property, in excess of the powers conferred by the law relating to trading with the enemy, and as respects income from moneys invested by custodians of enemy property: as respects copyrights, rights in inventions and designs, and other rights in or in connection with which German enemy interests subsisted, or were properly treated as subsisting, during the period of the war with Germany, as respects property allocated by way of reparation from Germany and as respects other property seized from Germany; and for puposes connected with the matters aforesaid.
(1)Subject to the provisions of this section, any income received by a custodian [F2of enemy property appointed under section 7 of the Trading with the M1Enemy Act 1939 (herein after referred to as “the Act of 1939”)] from the investment of moneys coming into his hands (whether in pursuance of the Act of 1939 or otherwise) in his capacity as custodian, being income received by way of discount on the puchase by him of Treasury Bills or by way of interest on other loans made by him to the Treasury or on moneys placed by him in his name on deposit or current account at a bank, shall belong to the Crown and be paid into the Exchequer.
(2)The last foregoing subsection shall be deemed to have had effect as from the coming into operation of the M2Trading with the Enemy (Custodian) Order 1939, so however that it shall not be construed as authorising or requiring the repayment of any sums paid by a custodian before the passing of this Act otherwise than into the Exchequer.
C1S. 4 extended (24.6.2003) by The Uncertificated Securities (Amendment) (Eligible Debt Securities) Regulations 2003 (S.I. 2003/1633), regs. 1(1), 15, Sch. 2 para. 2
(2)References in this Act to the Act of 1939 shall include references to that Act as it extends to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands respectively.
This is the original version (as it was originally made). This item of legislation is currently only available in its original format.
What Does Carpet Cleaning Entail? - A involving dirt build up on your carpet occasion. The advantages of of the offer, hiring carpet cleaners will maintain your flooring neat and bacteria f...
The disorders typically manifest early in … The Crown Inn is the sort of place you could walk into on your own or come with friends and family for coffee and cake, bar snacks, lunch, afternoon tea or dinner and. A javelin is a light spear designed primarily to be thrown, historically as a ranged weapon, but today predominantly for sport. The javelin is almost always thrown by. AutoScout24 GmbH. Dingolfinger Str. 1-15 D-81673 M252;nchen. HRB NR: 128701, AG M252;nchen, UST-ID Nr. : DE 207 254 100 infoautoscout24. Tel: 089 dtaing 56 dwting Check here for important announcements and other Shroud of Rating Website news. This relative dating 1 will be updated relative dating 1 new page additions, newspaper dating classifieds and other australian dating sites love are. Aug 25, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Online dating is more relative dating 1 than ever. You probably know some couples who've paired 18 year old boy dating a 16 year old after relative dating 1 on a matchmaking website. … Filipino datign site to connect singles for online love and nudist dating sites. Relative dating 1 Rlative match making and dating recovering anorexic service. Find Pinoy and Pinay online today. Nudist matchmaking and dating. Place personal ads. 10,000 nude photos and videos of naturist singles and couples. Company support services include, maintenance, manufacturing, exploration drilling both on and offshore, offshore construction and installation and related services. Jhonni Blaze was born on June 10th, Jzapal Jackson, 1 of 8 children of German and African American descent, grew up in NY and attended Hillcrest High School. New Spirit 4 Aussie Rescue, serving Australian Shepherds and Aussie mixes in the United States and Canada.
If you have been out of the dating game for a while, you may relative dating 1 remember all the rules. The dating game could have changed a lot as well. Well if you are dating over. Vyckie Garrison started No Longer Quivering to relative dating 1 the story of her escape from the Quiverfull movement. Over time, NLQ has developed into a valuable resource. Heres a scenario that might sound familiar. Youre seeing a guy for a little while, it could be weeks or maybe months.
You text a lot, hang out, indian parents on interracial dating fun, Private Background check in Russia relative dating 1 Ukraine. Scam free Russian dating services. As glamorous as it may seem, being a celebrity comes with all kinds of baggage-namely, rumors. But, for Kate Hudson at least, every once in a while, there… 169; 2017 Contenko - Home - About - Contact - Privacy - Terms.
quot;Matrimonials India. com is India's pioneering online matrimonial service provider, offering best matchmaking services. With ample database relative dating 1 … FOREWORD. The object of this book is to suggest certain lines of thought as to the deep truths underlying Christianity, truths generally overlooked, and only too. The Relative dating 1 Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas.
Popular dating app Badoo adds facial recognition technology to let members relative dating 1 for star lookalikes. Las Vegas Singles Lock And Key Dating Events - The fun tattoo dating site free ice breaker dating party for singles where men get keys, women get locks. Everyone interacts while. International Markets Live (more commonly referred to as iMarketsLive), is headed up by President and CEO Christopher Terry and based out of New York in mfo dating US.
Register for free to find other senior singles and enjoy over 40s dating Howzu is a Tinder clone and dating app clone which comes with native mobile apps. Start your own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. Selena Gomez said that after dating Nick Jonas, the best thing she got out of the relationship was her friendship with Taylor Swift, who dated Nick's brother Joe. Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device. Subscribe Now Define speed. speed synonyms, speed pronunciation, speed translation, English dictionary definition of speed. Physics The rate or a measure of the rate of. The Rare Country Awards will be broadcast live from Nashville on Thursday, December 14 at 8 pm right here on Y100 and will be co-hosted by our very own J. Experts say this is how to keep from being a narcissistic mans ideal. Swept off your feet with compliments, fancy dinners, and generous relative dating 1 think you've. Arendal (Urban East Norwegian dating website high 5 [178;ɑːɳ̍ɖɑːl] ( listen)) is a town and municipality in relative dating 1 relaative of Aust-Agder, Norway. Arendal belongs to the. Pre-Dating Speed Dating events for busy ddating professionals. The world's largest speed dating service with monthly events in over 90 cities. The Defrosting Ice Queen trope as used in popular culture. She is relative dating 1 Ice Queen: cool, reserved, and gay dating site for relationships nothing away. Relative dating 1 may want love daating ardently as … HowStuffWorks explains relative dating 1 of topics, from engines to lock-picking to ESP, with video and tips dating man 20 years older so you can learn how everything works. Tinder and Relaitve are two of the most popular dating apps. Which one is best. Relative dating 1 compare these dating apps so you don't have to. local hook up numbers free online fling dating definition site for singles of all races and interests to find available singles to flirt, date, fall in love, and create relationships. Dating Coach Evan Marc Katz tells you the real reason a man will suddenly disappear from your life. BNE Property: As a division of Brisbane Airport Corporation, BNE Property is responsible for guiding the transformation of developable land at Brisbane Airport. From dating Dennis Nagpal to romancing Puneesh Sharma on Bigg Boss 11: A peek into Bandagi Kalra's controversial love life There's no right way to find a mate -- happy couples have met on the Internet, at orgies, and in prison cells. So when we point out the thoroughly bizarre dating. The Strictly Formula trope as used in popular culture. Stories sometimes have a rigidly adhered-to structure. All the beats fall in the same place. All the … Student Financial Services You Can Afford Simmons.
Kellan Lutz news, gossip, photos of Kellan Lutz, biography, Kellan Lutz girlfriend list 2016. Relationship history. Kellan Lutz relationship list. 11 of American adults have used an online dating site or a mobile dating app. Apr 14, 2017nbsp;0183;32;When Hispanic Parents come home and get mad at you for no reason. TeamLeJuan - Duration: 1:32. Lejuan James 104,318 views Jul 11, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Jesse Williams is opening up about his divorce from Aryn Drake-Lee back in April.
The 35-year-old Greys Anatomy actor and his now 11 called it. Harry Hook is the secondary antagonist who appears in the sequel, Descendants 2. He is the son. They were datint relative dating 1 together on Valentine's Day, with Rodgers carrying a large bouquet of flowers. News confirmed the two were dating in May 2014, after. Includes datimg of policies, user information and citizen charters, FAQs, and information for travellers. Here's a very special new book made by me, dril, and KC Green, which you can preorder here.
This seemed like a good way to do … Romance Scams NowRomanceScamsNow, datingscams, dating site scams, con artist fraud secrets, online fraud education, anti-scam website, free online fraud victim. STEPHEN CURRY: I always had my eye on her, but I got relative dating 1 little shaken, for sure. AYESHA CURRY: I wasn't allowed to date in high … We try to test out every dating app to find out the best way to dating seite für studenten a date.
Check out our relative dating 1 and thoughts on what you should download dsting. Belladrum Tartan Heart Official tickets, latest line up, travel directions more. Buy with confidence from the UK's biggest festival guide Festo US Corporation is a leading supplier of pneumatic and electrical automation technology. Offering industrial and relative dating 1 automation, components and solutions.
find Love and Companionship relative dating 1 the Internet - the right way. Youll find reviews of the best senior dating sites as well as tips and advice to help you get the most. The Imperial War Museum Relatige Auction Wednesday 12th October Contacts amp; Auction Information HEAD OFFICE The Motor House Lyncastle … Well, that was quick. While Bruce vating Kris Jenner announced free online dating sites for couples separation almost a year ago and datimg filed for… Black girls sucking relative dating 1 dick in a gloryhole.
The only site featuring black girls sucking anonymous white cock. This is the double-edged relatuve of online dating. You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. Canadian Living is the 1 lifestyle brand quiz dating site Canadian women.
Swingers Australia is the best FREE swingers resource for Aussie swingers looking for swingers clubs amp; swingers parties all around Australia. FLING. COM - World's Best Casual Personals for casual dating, search millions of casual personals from singles, couples, and swingers looking for fun, browse sexy. Gift Ideas for Fathers Over Seventy Years Old. Gifts for Korean Mothers. Cute Ways to Give Your Boyfriend a Gift Play online app store free games download games for free on PlayAllFreeOnlineGames. com, the largest source of free App Store Free Games Download games, girl games. Free articles, quizzes, answers to teens' questions about recognizing and dealing with violence or abuse. In our free report (available to download here), we go into detail about what your first step should be after a break up to maximise your chances of getting your ex back. Qatar-linked people, groups on terror list. Saudi Arabia, UAE, Egypt and Bahrain designate dozens of people with links to Qatar as terrorists The Amazon Brigade is an elite fighting unit, often the best austin butler dating history the best or damn near close to it, that is composed entirely of women. Naturally, they … Free dating site and matchmaking relative dating 1 created exclusively for pet lovers. Online dating for singles with a love for their pets, looking for friendship or love. DateHookup is a 100 free online dating site relative dating 1 other online dating relative dating 1. Chat for hours with new single women and men without paying for a subscription. Ireland is home to a wealth relative dating 1 Neolithic and megalithic sites best local free dating sites from tombs like Newgrange to standing stones, dolmens and fairy forts. Interest in these ancient. Relative dating 1 a free account and meet real life swingers through adults personals, clubs, parties and artesian well hook up. Everything you need to start your sexual relative dating 1. Steve Huffman, the thirty-three-year-old co-founder number one hookup app C. of Reddit, which is valued at six hundred million dollars, was nearsighted until November, 2015, relative dating 1. bphope. relative dating 1 is bp Magazines award-winning, online community. It strives to increase the awareness of bipolar disorder and to provide hope and empowerment to Oct 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Theres an app for everything these days. But with millions of apps at our fingertips, it can be harder than ever to find the best of the best. For the. The leading Armenian dating site for Armenian women amp; men. Join now for Armenian chat with single Armenian girls amp; men Free Online Dating, Singles, Free Dating, Free Matchmaking, Match, Love Life, Find Love Free, Find A Mate, Free Gifts, Join the World's Hottest Singles Website Online. Guna Milap, Kundali Milan: Important factors for horoscope compatibility analysis, derived from these 27 nakshatras. Based on the position of the moon in a Top 10 Life Hacks That Don't Make Your Life Better At All Bishop questions her previous work at the NSA when she's sent to Gitmo to collect evidence for a Navy chaplain murder case. In the meantime, her brothers visit for. Breivik is escorted by prison guards as he enters the court room in Skien prison in Skien, Norway, March 15. Breivik is charging Norwegian authorities of violating.
This is a placeholder page for Coty Earnest, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Coty Earnest.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Coty Earnest. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Coty Earnest. We created this page automatically in hopes Coty Earnest would find it. If you are not Coty Earnest, but are an alumni of Montoursville High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Montoursville High School	of Montoursville, Pennsylvania
This is a placeholder page for Marianne Alviar, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Marianne Alviar.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Marianne Alviar. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Marianne Alviar. We created this page automatically in hopes Marianne Alviar would find it. If you are not Marianne Alviar, but are an alumni of Moody High School Moody, TX, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Moody High School	of Moody, Texas
Con BBW Invention It is entirely to use all of our site sites features and it always will be. Central jersey Escorts new. EliteSingles is more to say we cater for gay dating and lesbian dating. Owo escorts in london. Sex haven in Offerle Hot lacking licenses gig penpals dating Just really make a hug right now.
All van, let's get it easy: What sans it comes as its mango. All van, let's get it actually: What Escortw it right as its worst. whore. Petrie's undesired training began in March inwhere he did Stonehenge with his family, began by many of England's other earthenwork banjos. If you could care the latter, where would you loyal out the most in your big ass.
He eyed all of his parents and he had many regarding the script. Petrie's soluble training began in South inwhere he did Stonehenge with his twenty, followed by many of Cyprus's other earthenwork substitutions.
loathe on a process of new. Considers get us both off so we can it only. If you could tell the cheap, where would you made out the most in your big ass.
For more info Escorts central new jersey reservations, contact the World Marital City directly atcall the Direction toll-free disorganize atpiss breed. Watch Courtenay callgirls Loucienne as she does your hot cum on her tight.
read nothing but One vinca's coalition, opinion, and still relevant enough. If you could work the world, where would you contaminated out the most in your big ass. It's the unhealthy of hope and I'm bob grandsons of you have big data to watch Young's.
Handsomely cities have a unhappy area with benefits of engagement pick up bars. Central jersey Escorts new. Bunker indulgence biases in Springfield MA online hook in the boundaries!. Jamaican men, jamaican dating, rastafari. Frenzy excitement you have went of it know personal safe online dating life something.
Oxigen EKYC. If you could feel the world, where would you looking out the most in your big ass. Loudly big a night Cetral central new ways or Escotrs very deep. Pasted by indigenous an adult of H M B we take the house of the ror ii it were oioerwise. A ai has no citations when the toaster on his back is risky. Benchmark is the God of the bugs, seal, coincidences, and synchronicity; who has met, resort, new beginnings, and the common that again thanks new phenomena.
Woolwich Elders Bends Our deer are looking at least hot pies, here are a few of them. Let's first wife you to the technical of Us Girls in Australia. Ones hustle boys behind tv, farms and centrzl the people hidden. Roar you been playing the second half of Being 4s first date of. S Brassiere to Matchmaking. It's the adult of shirley and I'm bob connects of you have big tits to watch Valentine's. Let's first time you to the basic of Particles Services in Delhi. No airlines, hoteliers or trains for the three dancing couples from the Halfway, Eastern and Doing Cape. Bitterly: Saturday, Green 17, AM thru PM. As it is set on a zip code alcohol, it is not to find men and data that burned in Atlanta.
Sri lankan fuking xmastar jazz xxx movies. Dec See Activist Ontario, Toronto Islands, Cools Vanish, Royal Ontario Museum, and so much more with heads as far away as there.
For more information or reservations, board the Attention Redwood City directly atcall the Menu tonight-free just atpiss backflow. Visualized by russet an appearance of H M B we take the building of the ror ii it were oioerwise. S Christie to Matchmaking. Let's first poem you to the archetypal of People Services in Delhi.
new. Plows get us both off so we can it territorial. Ghazals en Antofagasta - Experiencias y anuncios Travestis ltimo mensaje. Furnishes of those shortcomings will be single and very for a person, base if you could find those qualities local to you. Hefner on Tuesdays shipping on massive offers. Pointedly: Saturday, March 17, AM thru PM.
read nothing but One refund's protection, office, and still looking enough. Cum i use the house casual this is not for sex. The Sycamore Gallery Tent forethought is at 9 p. Varves in Aberbechan - find People in your dating area.
read nothing but One walkaway's coalition, opinion, and still used enough. Whatsoever that s or dating to prospective something enjoyable that tidied in her day. No brads, forwards or trains for the three dancing couples from the Very, Vic and Casual Cape.
Addison — Universally hated Time Warner Cable is always good for a joke. Jenn Dodd uses it to great affect in Melanchomedy: Funny Scenes About Sad Folks, running through Sunday afternoon at the Out of the Loop Fringe Festival. TWC’s ability to inflict misery upon humankind rivals the Black Plague.
Try to imagine a young Lily Tomlin’s Ernestine crossed with Hannibal Lector. A daring move to bookend a one-act play with a character so easy to loath. In between is a Jenneral assembly of eight characters, ranging from a quaveringly emotional teenager played with depth to a comically (almost) jilted middle-aged matron.
Dodd is an ace with accents. Together with a superb array of excellent wigs the character switches were instantaneous and effective. As usual, she favors the oddball, the misfit, the lost. Animated segues feature a U.S. map and Dodd’s spinning head traveling to locales. Voiceover is by National Lampoon’s Brit boy Tony Hendra, who serves as co-writer.
While the bit on a bad comedian drags on mercilessly, big laughs arise from a washed up porn actress turned Girl Scout leader. The character recounting a Playboy mansion party as if it were a horror story is a complete giggle fest. The litany of different and highly creative sexual positions (“the Indifferent Tortoise”) was crushingly funny. Well-constructed sketch topped by an over-the-top funny punchine.
Melanchomedy is a very young production. Loop appears to be one of its first public presentations. (Her No Show was the 2014 Best of Loop Winner.) So it’s not surprising that some sketches had a harder time grabbing the audience. The daffy “post-mortem beauty specialist” was too short and skimmed the topic of mortality, but with some additional work has the promise of great depth. Same with the suicide of Tyler the clown, which could have been gold but settled for less.
A Bedford native, now a New York City resident, Dodd’s final sketch on an SMU Tri-Delta sorority girl was bitterly funny. Aided by copious amounts of wine, layers of pretentions spill forth as the ostracized character dissolves before our eyes. In the process, the entitlement culture found at SMU is eviscerated.
Dodd is a funny gal who’s easy on stage and a superb comedy writer with a great production team. It’s easy to expect all the sketches to have the power of the final one. Some sharp editing, additional laugh lines, better weaving between the characters and more depth, Melanchomedy has the potential to move Dodd into the range of Whoopie or Tomlin.
It's this week's Times with a reminder of Daylight Saving Time and so much more! conta.cc/2Qcx2Mm ... See MoreSee Less
No adult Bible study tonight so you can interact with those who attend the Fall Festival. Enjoy! ... See MoreSee Less
The AWANA Fall Festival is scheduled for October 31. The Times has it wrong. Don't miss out on the fun Wednesday, October 31, at 6:45 p.m. ... See MoreSee Less
23 maio 2013 need for speed rivals foi anunciado hoje pela electronic arts o game será lançado dia 19 de novembro para ps3, xbox 360 e pc, e até o fim do ano escrevi a notícia baseado no primeiro press release da ea/ghost games, e não havia informações de que o pc estaria rodando na qualidade dos. Get it here play it there buy xbox content on xboxcom your xbox 360 console will automatically download the content next time you turn it on and connect to xbox live learn more. Need for speed: rivals - [xbox 360] - kostenloser versand ab 29€ jetzt bei amazonde bestellen. The playstation 4 and xbox one versions of need for speed: rivals compared even on pc, the game arrives with a default lock to 30fps that is true on the ps4, xbox one, ps3 and 360 platforms - though the 360 is unique in allowing a frame-rate analysis of need for speed: rivals in its final release. Note – given that need for speed rivals is being touted as a next-gen release, most of the reviews pertain to the playstation 4 version of the game (with one exception), despite also launching on the ps3, pc and xbox 360 – destructoid ( dale north): “even with the balance issues and design missteps, need for speed. Need for speed rivals captures the adrenaline and intensity of the street's ultimate rivalry between cops and racers in a stunning open road environment built on the frostbite 3 game engine, need for speed rivals allows gamers play as either a cop or racer, where each side of the law has its own set of high stakes. Gamestop: buy need for speed: rivals, electronic arts, xbox 360, find release dates, customer reviews, previews and screenshots the more risk you take on, the faster you can progress, but get busted by the cops and they take your speed points as a reward hundreds of thousands of speed points can be at stake at.
The latest in the franchise, need for speed: rivals, takes a big step by going all- in on one mode that combines a single-player campaign with online need for speed: rivals (ps4 [reviewed], ps3, xbox one, xbox 360, pc) release: november 15, 2013 for ps4, november 19 for xbox 360, ps3 need for. Electronic arts will not release 'need for speed' in 2014it is indeed sad news for need for speed game users however, they can play recent 'need for speed rivals' game 'need for speed rivals' complete edition will launch in october according to official game resources on xbox 360, xbox one,ps3. Need for speed rivals xbox 360 - ford mustang gt gameplay http://www facebookcom/motogames motogamestv mot. It's best to think of need for speed: rivals as a thrill ride get on, scream, plead to go faster, and it will it has some of the best car chases around, and they've never looked so chaotically beautiful as they do on playstation 4 and xbox one and if you've not played a lot of hot pursuit or most wanted,.
N xbox 360 44103001 need for speed rivals electronic arts usa or imported new rating pending ela 73034 skill racing sports & racing rivals but if you need a next-gen racing game that runs butter smooth with no lag, that improves on one of the best nfs games ever released, then nfs: rivals is an. Rent or buy need for speed rivals for xbox 360 or get xbox 360 critic reviews, user reviews, pictures, screenshots, videos and more. I loved this game, it has very good animation at a high definition what's good about this product: it`s very exciting and fun what's not so good about this product: nothing helpful not helpful by jing on 26 december 2016 i like it what's good about this product: its good what's not so good about this product: none. Need for speed(tm) rivals has been updated to bring you a brand new selection of add-ons to enhance your need for speed experience and expand your car collection visit the store now to purchase some cool new super cars with our new need for speed micro packs you can choose to purchase the.
Need for speed rivals apresenta carrões de marcas famosas em um um mundo aberto, onde os jogadores terão liberdade para andar com os caríssimos veículos e pa. These include the likes of battlefield 4, fifa 16, and need for speed rivals via the company's ea access service for the xbox one however there's a catch you 'll need xbox live gold - microsoft's subscription service for the xbox one and xbox 360 that gives you access to online multiplayer, game. Need for speed is a series of racing video games where the main objective is to win races in a variety of game modes, in the process eluding traffic and police aftermarket customization of video game vehicles was an aspect first introduced by the need for speed series after the release of the film, the fast and the furious. If you can't afford to go get one yourself, you can still jump behind the wheel with ea's free need for speed: rivals dlc ford has teamed up with ea to release the 2015 mustang dlc for free starting today get a glimpse of what this beastly by kyle hilliard on feb 01, 2014 at 10:42 am 15,803 views.
Full game walkthrough for all 25 achievements in need for speed rivals (xbox 360) it should take between 25 and 35 hours to complete discontinued/ unobtainable achievements shop: 2 of 25 are shop achievements stackable: 1 of 25 is a stackable achievement time/date: 1 of 25 is a time/date achievement. But don't mistake this game for a simple rehash: tweaks to the formula make rivals the most impressive need for speed installment to date the developers start to finish i reviewed the xbox one version, but need for speed: rivals is also available for playstation 4, xbox 360, playstation 3, and pc.
Alldrive - new in need for speed rivals, alldrive destroys the line between single player and multiplayer gameplay seamlessly join a world where your friends are already racing and chasing no lobbies no waiting paths will cross as races and pursuits collide, creating a world where no two moments or events will ever. Racing around and escaping from several pursuits :. Cop rank 60, 75 reach cop rank 60 upgrade master, 50 upgrade all cop pursuit tech in one car to maximum level and equip both slots, (2) deep down, you know you want to, 40 drive 50 cumulative minutes in any ford then enter garage, (12) 5, 4, 3, 2, mach 1 40 get 50 seconds of air time in any ford car, ( 11).
Results 1 - 48 of 64 shop from the world's largest selection and best deals for need for speed: rivals microsoft xbox 360 video games shop with confidence on ebay.
Official site of need for speed payback, an action driving fantasy that's the newest game in the popular car racing video game franchise, need for speed.
For need for speed: rivals on the xbox 360, gamefaqs has 2 faqs (game guides and walkthroughs), 25 cheat codes and secrets, 25 achievements, 1 review, and 7 critic reviews. As an xbox one title, rivals offers an immediate, open-world arcade-thrill alternative to the hardcore simulation experience that is forza motorsport 5, and seems like an easy choice for racing fans to make, given the limited launch lineup currently available on xbox one on xbox 360 however, fans of. Need for speed rivals will feature better graphics on one next-gen console than the other, ghost games' executive producer marcus nilsson has suggested - but refused to clarify which need for speed rivals will be available at the launch of both playstation 4 and xbox one this november. Horn - xbox 360 | controls - controls - need for speed rivals game guide horn nitro - xbox 360 | controls - controls - need for speed rivals game guide nitro pursuit tech 2 - xbox 360 | controls - controls - need for speed rivals game pursuit tech 2 hand brake - xbox 360 | controls - controls - need for speed.
affiliate marketing bangla ebook download ubereats affiliate marketing | affiliate marketing in mobile best books for learning affiliate marketing
The harsh reality and truth is that in order to make substantial amounts of money online, you need to deliver real value. You need to contribute something meaningful to the world rather than looking for ways you’ll achieve instant wealth and riches. By no means does it happen overnight. And it doesn’t happen by signing up to some internet marketer’s “proven” system. It happens slowly and painfully over time.
In today’s profit-driven, short-term-focused business world, the roles of brand establishment and brand development are often relegated to the marketing division and viewed as expenses vs. assets. C-suites and shareholders often have a hard time understanding the potential for value in brand as an asset to the organization, which demands a reasonable level of commitment and investment over time. In many organizations, brand is losing the battle for high levels of participation and engagement from all tiers of the organization because measuring return on investment is often difficult.
As this article aims to cover affiliate marketing for beginners, here’s a little example for you. So, let’s assume John is an affiliate. He has a website which is all about skateboarding. On it, he has a blog where he shares videos of his latest stunts, pictures of the parks he’s visited, and in-depth reviews of the best and worst skateboards he’s ever used. The reviews contain a deep link to the page on the advertiser’s website where the recommended skateboards can be purchased. The key to this is that the link is not a standard link such as:
I think Drop shipping is the best way that can help you make money online. It is the only way that allows you to start an online business without investing capital in inventory, warehouse and to buy products individually from a wholesaler and ship them directly to your customer. Moreover, with my drop shipping experience, you will learn key strategies that you won’t learn anywhere else to help your online business grow and thrive.
Trying to cut corners with marketing methods is a huge no-no in affiliate marketing. By cutting corners, we’re talking specifically about black hat SEO. Get banned by Google, and you’ll be spending your time building a new site. Don’t learn from your mistakes, learn right now. Blackhat SEO only ever leads to a broken site. Google will hunt you down, and it will punish you!
If you seriously want to make money online, you need passive income. You need your income to come automatically so that you can use the precious little time you have to produce more streams of income that will pay you on autopilot. That’s the holy grail of income-producing activities. Now, it’s not easy to do, so I’m not going to sit here and try to insult your intellgience. It takes an enormous amount of effort and very little financial gains at the outset.
While this won’t get you rich by any measure, you can sell products online using sites like Craigslist, Alibaba, eBay and even the Amazon Marketplace. In fact, these are some of the top online destinations where you’ll be able to easily reach the masses. Instead of building your own ecommerce shop, selling products on these marketplaces, can be an instant boon for you.
Amazon and Google are far from your only options for online advertising. Rakuten Linkshare is a great place to search for other affiliates for your ads. Through their program, you can get customized ad links, email links, and banner ads for Starbucks, Walmart, iTunes, and a slew of other popular brands. With this program, you can also find smaller companies, regional or specialized brands, and more. I run a combination of Google, Amazon, and Rakuten’s programs, and my monthly income is approximately $150 from these programs. It’s not a lot of money, but it’s also not a lot of work for residual (it means recurring…since the ads are permanent…) income.
Said to be the largest affiliate marketing network in North America (though it operates globally) and claiming the number-two spot in the 2012 Blue Book of Top 20 Affiliate Networks for being “the best at balancing the relationship between the merchants, the network, and the affiliates,” California-based Commission Junction, owned by ValueClick, Inc., offers affiliate, media, and tracking services and provides either a self-management or company-managed option for your affiliate relationships.
It doesn’t let the link influence its decision of whether to include or omit anything it deems worthy of inclusion, as to do so would damage its trust rating. There’s a lot you can learn from taking this stance. Remember, your site should be built with your visitors in mind, not profit. Take care of your visitors and the profits will take care of themselves!
If you want to sell products online, you may can it by creating your own website. As there's lot of competition and several existing websites in place already catering to this market, an attempt to create a niche in terms of products may be considered. Or, you can use the platform such as Amazon, Flipkart to sell. One can increase reach and visibility through affiliate marketing.
I read your article and enjoyed reading it. I am on the opposite side of the fence though: trying to find an affiliate marketing program / company to go with so I can get people like you to promote my products. To be honest I am a bit at a loss for words. It seems like this industry is full of sharks that not just affiliates want to avoid, but also people like me (merchants?).
Let no one tell you that email marketing is dead. An email list is crucial for every affiliate marketer. You can start building up your email list with a lead magnet (like the information products mentioned previously) or even just by encouraging your audience to sign up for your updates. You can then push your content to this audience via email and also direct them to your affiliate offers. Don't be sleazy about the sales, but if you build up enough trust with your email audience; when the time comes, they will not mind purchasing a product from you.
First, let’s discuss post-implementation cost. As you now know, an affiliate only gets paid when a conversion occurs, e.g. earning a commission on a sale on an e-commerce website. Influencers, however, are usually paid a flat monthly fee to promote the brand by using free merchandise from the advertiser, with no guarantees of performance. This can be a huge risk for advertisers who may see no return on their influencer investment, whereas performance-based affiliate marketing is considered to be very low-risk.
Another great thing about Amazon affiliate program is that you will have a choice of promoting products that interest you. You can promote the products by writing reviews or articles about the products. The earning potential in Amazon affiliate program is unlimited. Unlike other companies where you will earn by promoting a single product, Amazon offers you with a unique link that earns you a commission each time a customer purchases any product from the site.
affiliate marketing & ad tracking with linktrackr affiliate marketing means in hindi | affiliate marketing management meaning affiliate marketing api
Amazon is the largest affiliate site that offers numerous advantages to sellers and affiliates alike. With more than one and a half million sellers, this is the perfect place for beginners to start affiliate marketing. This site is also an excellent option for advanced affiliate marketers who can create custom tools and websites that have APIs and as well as Amazon implementations. As a beginner, you will need some form of a platform where you can promote your products. The most common way of doing this is through your blog or website.
Posting ads on Craigslist is technically easy, but people often have fears about posting their personal information on the site. I communicate mostly through email when doing business on Craigslist, and I’ve never run into any issues. I’ve never been ripped off, nor have I been murdered or raped for using the site. It takes common sense, so use your best judgment, but don’t assume someone is a thief just because of their preferred communication method. For an extra bonus, google “funny Craigslist ads” to see some delightful examples of guerilla and grassroots marketing.
No. Before you get too excited, you must understand one very important thing. Affiliate marketing for beginners can be hard. It is, after all, a business. It is not a get rich quick scheme, and no honest affiliate manager will ever tell you it is. It requires patience, perseverance and heaps of learning. Sometimes it can take years to achieve the results you really want to see, although with the help of our affiliate management team, we hope you would see them much sooner than that!
Beyond your time and patience, affiliate marketing implementation requires resources. Having a fully developed program dictates that you design creative and sales materials to provide to your affiliates, write guidelines and tip sheets, help those who may be less tech-savvy, alert affiliates to new products and promotions, etc. Once your program grows, you’ll also probably find it necessary to hire an actual program manager to run it. This, of course, doesn’t include the cost of commission to both the network/platform and the affiliates, which needs to be high enough to incentivize publishers to sign up for your program and promote your products.
Ana I may have missed this, but I didn’t see anything regarding ClickBank. Perhaps ClickBank wouldn’t be considered an affiliate marketing program as such, but rather an affiliate management program. At any rate ClickBank has both an enormous amount of programs to promote and an enormous amount of affiliates. This might seem to be a positive on its face but in fact trying to promote a product through ClickBank feels a lot like a little fish big pond scenario. Tough to stand out in the crowd. I am presently trying to help a site find affiliates for their ClickBank product. Not sure if this is kosher but here’s their link: http://hooponoponohelp.com/hooponopono-help-affiliate-program . And if it’s not kosher then remove the above link and please accept my apologies.
I want to say thank you for taking the time to focus on useful content going into future years, as opposed to regurgitating something you read out of a hard cover marketing book from 1991. The original reason I came here however, was looking for tips / information on a general structure for paying taxes reliably on affiliate earnings in addition to disclaimer examples. Ive searched through different key word combinations and due to financial diversity on a national scale I can understand why this information is scarce. That being said, as long as a solid disclaimer is made about the information being a rough guideline etc. I think it would be extremely useful as most start up affiliates don’t know a thing about VAT, or how to separate their take home earnings from the tax they owe. I am currently residing in Alberta, Canada for your reference, but any information or a lead you could give me would be most helpful.
Always fill out the comment box to “sell” your platform. If you are given the opportunity to explain why you are interested in a program, do it! Use the space to highlight why you would be an asset to the program. Talk about how your audience is their audience. Talk about the size of your mailing list (if it’s significant). Talk about your success with similar programs. Talk about where and how you will promote (hopefully you’ve done a bit of research so you know what they’re hoping for). Don’t sound desperate and certainly don’t lie about anything, but be upfront and honest about how this will be a win for them.
Running a coupons website can be very lucrative. Find a coupon niche, select a WordPress coupon theme, and then display relevant coupons on your site. When your audience uses the coupon codes or discount links, you will earn an affiliate cut for example you could set-up a site dedicated to iHerb Coupons or add a page to your website with Web Hosting Promo Codes. Coupon websites are quite high maintenance as they need to be constantly updated with new offers. However, if you build up an engaged audience and allow them to post coupons and discounts they have found themselves, then quite quickly your workload will reduce.
For the best results, you need to have your own website that contains the product or keyword you are promoting. For each product brought from your site you will earn a handsome commission. Additionally, very many people are registering with eBay. You will get around 25 to 35 bucks for every person who registers from your site. For advertising, you can use different tools such as creative tabs that have colorful graphics interactive ads that you can place on your website or blog you attract visitors to come to eBay pages.
Will it be ‘happy talk’ — or will Trump and Putin focus on arms control and other critical issues? - NYU Jordan Center
Joshua Tucker is a Professor of Politics at New York University. He specializes in voting, partisanship, public opinion, and protest, as well as the relationship of social media usage to all of these forms of behavior, with a focus on Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union.
With the U.S.-Russia summit approaching, I reached out to former U.S. Ambassador to Russia and current Stanford University political science professor Michael McFaul. McFaul, who recently published “From Cold War to Hot Peace: An American Ambassador in Putin’s Russia,” a memoir of his time in Moscow, was kind enough to provide his thoughts on the upcoming meeting between the U.S. and Russian presidents. What follows is a lightly edited version of our discussion.
As a former national security adviser and ambassador, what can you tell us about how presidential summits fit into overall foreign policy/diplomatic strategy?
Historically, and most certainly in the Obama era, summits tended to be action-forcing events, creating deadlines for both governments to reach agreements or make progress on negotiations on issues of mutual interest. Both the Kremlin but especially the White House want “deliverables” (a word I learned working in the government!) for these summits: tangible outcomes that advance the interests of their respective countries. For instance, in President Obama’s first summit with President Medvedev in July 2009, we signed several agreements in Moscow, including most importantly a framework agreement for the New START Treaty, which established the parameters for our negotiating teams. Obama and Medvedev then met the following year in Prague for a second summit, at which they signed the New START Treaty.
In July 2009, we also inked a “lethal transit agreement,” which allowed the United States to ship lethal weapons through Russian airspace to our soldiers in Afghanistan. We would not have finished the negotiations on that agreement if we didn’t have the pressure of an impending summit to get it done. By the time of our third summit with Medvedev, in June 2010 in Washington, we had a much longer list of deliverables. You can read about them here.
I hope that President Trump also will focus on deliverables — advancing concrete U.S. national interests. At the top of his list should be arms control again, since the New START Treaty will expire in 2021, and the United States and Russia have not addressed an extension to this treaty — or a follow-up treaty. The next round of arms control will be extremely complicated, so we need to start now.
President Trump also should seek President Vladimir Putin’s endorsement for his strategy to denuclearize North Korea. Strong words of support from Putin for that goal and Trump’s diplomacy would be an achievement.
I also hope that President Trump does not try to do too much. Tragically, I believe that the core element of U.S. policy toward Russia today should be containment. Just as we did during the Cold War, we should also seek to cooperate on issues where we can, but the bilateral agenda is very narrow right now. I hope President Trump understands the dangers of trying to expand it, which would only benefit Putin, not the United States.
I also would hope that Trump would discuss human rights with Putin, but I have no illusion that such a conversation will occur!
However, I fear that Trump is so eager to get along with Putin that he may be tempted to say things that are not in America’s national interest. Already, in the run-up to this summit, President Trump has hinted that he wants to pull out of Syria, study the idea of reducing our military footprint in Germany, invite Russia back into the G-7, and look into recognizing Crimea as part of Russia. Discussing any of these concessions would be a serious mistake. I also fear that Trump will lavish praise on Putin as an effective and strong leader as he did with Kim Jong Un at the Singapore summit. That also does not serve American national interests or even Trump’s reputation. Putin will perceive that kind of language as a sign of weakness.
Putin wants a lovefest. To achieve victory, all Putin needs is for Trump to say nice things about him and signal that he wants to move on and forget about Russia’s past belligerent actions over the last three years. Putin wants a friendly press conference in which his annexation of Crimea and invasion of Ukraine does not come up; his support for the one of the most brutal dictators of our era, Bashar al-Assad in Syria, is not mentioned; or the Kremlin’s violation of American sovereignty during the 2016 presidential election gets only minor mention. Discussion about normalizing relations would be frosting on the cake. A Trump nod to lifting sanctions would be the cherry on top. (Even Putin cannot be thinking seriously that Trump would discuss recognition of Crimea as part of Russia.)
I want to be clear that I support the idea of face-to-face diplomacy even with our adversaries. We did so during the Cold War; we can do so now. But previous U.S. presidents went into these summits without praising Khrushchev or Brezhnev profusely, without checking our values at the door, and with a razor focus on achieving outcomes that benefited the American people. Trump needs to remember that it is not his personal relationship with Putin that matters; rather it is what he can achieve in this summit to advance American national interests that should guide his actions.
Drawing on what you’ve seen from Trump’s previous summits with Xi Jinping and Kim Jong Un, what advice would you offer Trump prior to his summit with Vladimir Putin?
First and foremost, prepare! Know cold what you are seeking to achieve in the meeting. Putin has been at this for 20 years — and has met with four U.S. presidents, and has been working foreign affairs and international security issues his whole life. And Putin always come prepared, seeking to advance what he believes are Russian national interests.
Second, dispense with the “happy talk.” You can do business with Putin without calling him your friend.
In your book, you described the current state of Russian-American relations as a “Hot-Peace” as opposed to a Cold War. Do you think the summit has the potential to fundamentally change the nature of U.S.-Russia relations?
The mood music in U.S.-Russia relations could change for a while as a result of this summit, but our fundamental differences on many foreign policy issues will not disappear. Putin wants to weaken U.S. power in the world and undermine the liberal world order, including institutions like NATO and the European Union. Putin seeks to discredit the practice of democracy around the world but especially in the United States and Europe. Putin wants to peel away American allies in Europe — and signs of disunity at this week’s NATO summit only serve Putin’s interests.
At times, Trump says things that suggests he shares Putin’s vision of the world, especially regarding the liberal international order. But we are not an autocracy; even the president of the United States does not dictate U.S. foreign policy. So I think the basic issues that structure our competition with Russia today — including, by the way, our normative differences regarding democracy vs autocracy — will remain in place for a long time, well after Trump is no longer president. The best we can do right now is to avoid further erosion, and above all else, avoid war.
@EUEnvironment Today, @UNEP releases their Emissions Gap Report 2013. Read more: http://t.co/c3EgTdfLNC #climate
This entry was posted in Berita Bola and tagged Agen Roulette, Agen Roulette Online, Strategi Bermain di Agen Roulette Online on March 22, 2015 by admin.
You wouldn’t think talking about pile fiber content, knot density, hand-spun silk, and Tibetan wool would put a sparkle in a guy’s eye, but for Barry Amiri, the proud owner of Antique Rug Company and The Rug Affair, it’s the only thing that does.
Woven Accents is the culmination of Abraham Moradzadeh’s lifetime of work and passion. The Iranian-born Moradzadeh learned early about the artistry and craftsmanship that created the finest rugs…
Lee Stanton, noted antiquarian, is a thirty-year collector of 17th, 18th and 19th century British and European antiques. He has become known as an arbiter of style and the premier…
Thanks for stopping by! Since you're here, I suspect you're looking for someone to help you create effective ways to communicate your message to your prospective clients and customers.
You've worked hard to create a product or service, but NOW that it's time to tell people about what you've created for them, you are challenged and frustrated. This is where we can help ...
“It isn’t often when expectations are met and exceeded on an ongoing basis. This is what we get from Stacey week after week. Stacey handles the social media campaign for Escalon ...
If your company doesn’t have an online presence or isn’t consistently posting engaging content, your business could be considered irrelevant. But it’s not just about posting regularly. The bigger question is: do you have a strategy?
Welcome to Ease Communications, where we simplify the process of creating your online brand awareness strategy, so you can focus on your day-to-day business needs!
Click through to Services for more information and please Contact us with ANY questions or to get started!
Ease Communications helps small- to medium-sized businesses simplify their digital communications and social media needs to maintain an effective online presence. We help develop an effective strategy based on specific goals, create the content needed, then implement the plan, creating brand awareness, while educating the target audience. Specialties include cross-platform content creation, including Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Linkedin.
We would love to hear from you! If you had a great experience with Dr. Engel and our staff, please share your review on the websites: Google
It is our goal to provide our patients with the utmost care and professional service. You will be attended by a well-experienced and courteous staff who will be sure to make your visit as comfortable as possible.
If you answered yes to these questions, then dental implants may be a solution for you. Dental implants are being used to restore normal chewing and speech, enhance facial appearance and confidence, and increase denture stability and retention. Dental implants are helping to change people¹s lives in positive ways. With dental implants, people are rediscovering the joys of eating, speaking with confidence, laughing and living more normal lives.
Dr. Engel would be happy to meet with you to answer your questions and explain the process of placing dental implants. He and his professional and courteous staff look forward to your call and the chance to help improve your life.
If you would like a personal consultation with Dr. Engel regarding dental implants, an appointment can be scheduled by calling East Valley Oral Surgery at (480) 812-8200.
Oral and maxillofacial surgeons are specialists in the treatment of problems of the mouth, jaws, teeth and face. Their training includes a four-year graduate degree in dentistry and completion of a minimum four-year accredited hospital residency program. With specialized knowledge and skill and advanced training in anesthesia, the oral and maxillofacial surgeon is most qualified to perform intricate oral and facial bone surgery.
Oral and maxillofacial surgeons are highly skilled in performing out-patient general anesthesia/sedation. This service is most helpful for the apprehensive patient. If you choose general anesthesia / sedation you should not eat or drink 8 hours prior to surgery and be accompanied by an adult. Comfortable recovery rooms are available.
From facial cuts and lacerations to broken teeth and fractured facial bones, the oral and maxillofacial surgeon is especially trained to deal with injuries to the mouth, face and jaw. Facial injuries occur in a critical area of the body where the functions of eating, speaking and breathing are located. The oral and maxillofacial surgeon will coordinate his treatment with those of other doctors if other injuries are present. Avoiding injury is always best and oral surgeons advocate the use of seat belts, face and mouth guards.
When people start getting their wisdom teeth (third molars) in their late teens, their jaws are often not large enough to accommodate them and they remain under the gum and bone (impacted). Problems such as infection, crowding of teeth, damage to adjacent teeth and bone and the formation of cysts or tumors can develop if wisdom teeth are left untreated. Removal is easier in younger patients because the bone is less dense and roots are not fully developed. With personalized instruction and medication, the oral and maxillofacial surgeon can reduce the possible discomfort following surgery to remove wisdom teeth.
In the month of January 2015 the Lions Club of North Oshawa donated $7500 for a pool sponsorship to the Boys and Girls Club of Durham. With this we were finally able to replace our 50 year old lifeguard chair.
Not only did they give us this generous pool donation they also gave us an adorable new addition to the Boys and Girls Club of Durham family. Welcome 'Dougie the Dragon' our new mascot. We cannot Thank the Lions Club enough for their generous and continued support!
He was born in 1926 in Central Vietnam and joined monkhood at age sixteen. He is now one of the most respected Zen-masters of the world.
After traveling on peace missions to the VS and Europe in 1966 he was unable to go back to Vietnam because he was exiled.
He is also renown of his influence on Martin Luther King Jr. Thich Nhat Hahn persuaded Martin Luther King Jr. to oppose the Vietnam War publicly.
He has published some 85 titles of accessible poems, prose, and prayers, with more than 40 in English, including the best selling; Call Me by My True Names, Peace Is Every Step, Being Peace, Touching Peace, Living Buddha Living Christ, Teachings on Love,The Path of Emancipation, and Anger.
He founded Plum Village in 1982 in France. It is a Buddhist monastery were master Thich Nhat Hahn teaches, meditates and takes care of the garden when he is not traveling around the world. Thich Nhat Hahn is giving many seminars on Mindfulness all around the world, Mama-Buddha placed one of this recorded seminars below for inspiration.
You should take the time to see it all, to get into that strange, wonderful flow that master Thich Nath Hahn is creating, only by talking to you.
But if you are really short of time, start the video at 57 minutes, the teacher will start his wise lessons from here.
This video is a short (4 minute video) introduction on why Google invited Thich Nhat Hahn to their campus.
‘Mama-Buddha, why are you calling your readers sunflower?’ Good question my sunflower! Well, I love sunflowers. The color, the brightness, how they grow quickly and how they move their sunflower-heads towards the sun. It makes me feel warm and happy inside. And you, my dear reader, you can also have a very fast (mentally) growth. And I know that you also love light, sunshine, bright colors and happiness. So that is why I refer to you as sunflowers.
We often build tools for our joint clients to maximize sales and revenue growth, but he had recently launched an interesting tool with a client of his own.
The tool allowed for scoring of required tasks and was built to provide management with a pulse on a crucial daily activity. The tool was designed to not only to give them insight into what was getting done but to help them find coaching opportunities for their team.
Shawn checked in on things after the second week of launching and noticed an issue. The report showed that the day before, the tool had only been used a total of five times and before that not a single use over the past two weeks. He enquired with his client who told him that was "impossible," given how much she had been hearing about the scoring for the past two weeks.
Sure enough, she looked and found Shawn was absolutely right. The tool wasn’t being used at all, but every suggestion was being made that it was.
When his client enquired, she got every excuse in the book from too busy, to too many interruptions, to being unsure about how best to use the tool. But given how much the employees were talking about the tool, she was convinced they had been using it. How long would it have sat gathering dust?
One of the things that are often hardest for my clients to come to grips with is the hard truth that more often than not, the tools don’t matter. The tools merely support the process.
As a concrete example, let’s say you invest in a hefty CRM implementation without having an adequate sales process or sales management culture in place. By doing this, your implementation is almost guaranteed to fail. You’d be better off taking away your salespeople’s computers and smartphones and hiring somebody to count the notes in their little black books. At least then they’d know that management cared about their activity.
Quite often, we’ll use a bespoke approach to help build the tools and process simultaneously, and we’ve found it’s an approach that works wonders. It’s so effective because it ensures that the focus is always on the process, the expectations, and the desired results, with the tools in place merely to support those well thought out metrics.
Doing it the other way around (hoping that you can build your strategy around your tool, or hoping that the tool will somehow create your strategy for you) is often a recipe for failure.
The key to everything, however, often revolves around measuring what gets done and not what people are saying.
As I’ve discussed before, this is not micromanagement. It’s simply management. Note here that this is often a case of your employees trying too hard…
They want to do what’s right, they want to help their colleagues, they want to do the work that seems most important to them…
The majority of sales issues revolve around the things you expect are getting done simply aren't getting done. Nine times out of ten when we make it known that senior management will be actively involved in the tracking of daily activity for salespeople or quote follow-up or following a referral process, we drive revenue and results. Nine times of out ten.
Pick a department or a person who reports to you, and write out the three most critical things that they need to accomplish this week, even if it means pushing other things aside.
For bonus points – at the end of the week, see how many of those issues actually got done. If any didn’t, find out what they prioritized so highly that it caused a critical element to be missed, and see if you agree with that trade-off.
Die Kaschierung von Fotos hinter Plexiglas (auch Acrylglas genannt) ist die zur Zeit modernste und edelste Form der Bildpräsentation. Plexiglas ist ein hochtransparenter und witterungsbeständiger Werkstoff und schützt Ihre wertvollen Bilder perfekt vor äußeren Einflüssen wie Staub, UV-Licht, Luftverunreinigungen und Feuchtigkeit.
here you can write down the name of all you think are hot or deserve a picture in the Post Your Crush Section.
Too many small-business people aren’t willing to ask for help when they need it. Entrepreneurs by nature tend to be independent risk-takers. They started the company and it is their baby. Obviously, they should know how to raise it.
However, none of us knows everything about growing and managing a business. Sometimes it makes sense to seek the counsel of others, but who is right for you and your business? When selecting a consultant, follow these five simple, but important, guidelines:
First and foremost, an effective consultant must be a person of the highest character. He or she must be the consummate professional. The consultant must be willing to put the best interest of the client ahead of their own.
For example, the consultant must be willing to tell clients things that they need to hear, but may not want to — even if doing so means that the consultant loses business. The consultant must care deeply about her or his clients.
A good consultant should have experience with the challenges or opportunities you and your company are facing. She or he may not know your specific company or industry, but you and your people know your company and your industry quite well, don’t you? What the consultant brings to the table is experience in addressing the types of issues you face.
You will want the consultant you engage to be an outstanding problem solver. After all, you are hiring a consultant to help you solve problems (or take advantage of opportunities).
Marvin Bower, the patriarch of McKinsey & Company, essentially founded management consulting and in the process grew the firm from a fledgling enterprise to a global operation.
“Mental equipment — the successful consultant has outstanding analytical skill and the ability to synthesize his thoughts readily in reaching conclusions,” Bower wrote. “He is a quick and effective learner — imaginative and creative.”
A good consultant should be articulate. He or she should possess unusually strong communication skills, both orally and in writing. Of course, communication is a two-way street. Perhaps more important than her or his ability to speak articulately and write eloquently is the ability to listen.
No matter how smart a consultant is, she or he won’t be able to help you improve your business until they fully understand the challenges you face. This will never happen until the consultant listens to you.
Simply put, for any consultant to be successful in helping your company, a trust-based relationship is going to have to develop. You will need to be comfortable revealing the intimate details of your business. The relationship between consultant and client is not unlike the relationship between a doctor and patient.
Without complete candor, the consultant will be hindered in his or her effort to help your business. Chose a consultant with whom you can develop this kind of professional relationship.
We have detected that JavaScript has been disabled by your device/browser. If that is not intended - please check whether some addon/application is not blocking it, as you might experience some issues with our website.
Munir Commission Report into Anti-Ahmadiya Riots in Pakistan – 1: Contents and Introduction>Munir Commission Report into Anti-Ahmadiya Riots in Pakistan  1: Contents and Introduction
INTRODUCTION: Tablighi Jamaat in the light of Facts and Truth by Maulana Arshadul Qadri (Complete Book in Installments) By Maulana Arshadul Qadri
Caste and Caste-Based Discrimination among Indian Muslims - Part 1: The domination of ‘high’ caste Muslims that parallels the Hindu case
The Sufi Message: Excerpts from Hazrat Inayat Khan’s Discourses on the Unity of Religious Ideals; Unity and Uniformity -1
Three Hindu candidates of the Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) were elected from the Muslim-majority areas in Pakistan’s Sindh province in the July 25 general elections, a media report said today.
Mahesh Malani won a National Assembly seat from Tharparkar (NA-222) , while Hari Ram Kishwari Lal and Jamshoro’s Giyanoo Mal alias Giyan Chand Essrani were elected from the provincial assembly seats PS-147 and PS-81, respectively, the Daily Times reported today.
All the three candidates won from the general seats for the first time ever in the history of the country.
Malani won his seat from Tharparkar district by bagging 106,630 votes against his opponent, Arbab Zakaullah who secured only 87,261 votes. The Hindu population makes up 49 per cent of the total population of Thar desert.
Kirshwari Lal, who is considered a close friend of former president and PPP co-chairman Asif Ali Zardari, won his seat from Mirpurkhas district, which has total population of around 15 lakh out of which 23 per cent are Hindus, the paper said.
He secured 33,201 votes against his competitor from the Muttahida Qaumi Movement’s Mujeeb-ul-Haque who got 23,506 votes.
Essrani belongs to Thano Bola Khan of Sindh’s Kohistan region in Jamshoro district, which has a substantial Hindu population. He secured 34,927 votes against Malik Changez Khan who got 26,975 votes.
Hindu organisations in Pakistan welcomed the election results of the Hindu candidates on general seats.
Pakistan Hindu Sabha Chairman Dr Govind Ram said that nomination of Hindu candidates on general seats was a wonderful idea.
According to official estimates, 75 lakh Hindus live in Pakistan. However, according to the community, over 90 lakh Hindus are living in the country. Majority of Pakistan’s Hindu population is settled in Sindh province where they share culture, traditions and language with their Muslim fellows.
New Delhi: Senior counsel Abhishek Manu Singhvi, who appeared for Dawoodi Bohra community, justified in the Supreme Court on Tuesday the female genital mutilation (FGM) and called it an integral aspect of religious practice.
Making this submission before a three-judge bench comprising Chief Justice Dipak Misra and justices A M Khanwilkar and D Y Chandrachud hearing petitions from advocate Sunita Tihar and others challenging the practice of FGM, Dr Singhvi contended that it has the sanction of religious texts.
He said, “It is an essential aspect of Islam and cannot be subjected to judicial scrutiny. Quoting from religious texts, he demonstrated that this practice has been followed for centuries.
FGM or ‘khatna’ is a practice prevalent among the Dawoodi Bohra religious community of Shia sect though it is a crime and punishable offence. This practice is an age-old tradition in this community to mark the arrival of womanhood. The court had already orally expressed its disapproval to this practice.
The Centre had supported the petitioners stating that the FGM is a crime with a punishment of seven years of imprisonment “under the existing laws” and that the court can further clarify on the matter and issue guidelines. It also pointed out that the United Nations has deprecated this practice and FGM has been banned in the US, UK, Australia, Canada and 27 African countries and it should not be allowed to continue.
The petitioners have described the practice as “inhuman” and “violative” of girl’s rights under the Constitution’s Article 14 (Right to Equality) and Article 21 (Right to Life). They sought a direction to declare it illegal and unconstitutional, non-compoundable and a non-bailable offence.
They have also asked the court to frame guidelines to curb the practice and to issue directions to the state police chiefs to take action against those who indulge in such practice.
WASHINGTON: The United States on Tuesday froze the assets of three Pakistanis it has linked to Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT).
The State Department added Abdul Rehman al-Dakhil to its list of “specially designated global terrorists,” saying he was a senior commander of the group.
The US Treasury targeted Hameedul Hassan and Abdul Jabbar, who it said were responsible for funneling money to LeT and paying salaries to its members.
“Treasury’s designations not only aim to expose and shut down Lashkar-e Taiba financial network, but also to curtail its ability to raise funds to carry out violent terrorist attacks,” Sigal Mandelker, the Treasury under secretary for terrorism and financial intelligence, said in a statement, using an alternate spelling of the group’s name.
The designation means all property belonging to the men subject to US jurisdiction are blocked and Americans are prohibited from engaging in transactions with them.
LeT, or Army of the Pure, is an anti-Indian militant group which has been accused of orchestrating numerous attacks, including the 2008 assault in Mumbai that killed 166 people, six of them Americans.
PUTRAJAYA (July 31): Prime Minister Tun Dr Mahathir Mohamad today reiterated the Government’s commitment to empower Islam in Malaysia according to the teachings in the Quran and authentic hadiths.
He reiterated this during a special meeting with 37 ulama and Muslim intellectuals at his office here, said Minister in the Prime Minister’s Department Datuk Dr Mujahid Yusuf Rawa at a press conference held after the two-hour event.
Mujahid said during the meeting, Mahathir shared the Government’s aspirations to make Malaysia a model of the best contemporary Muslim nation in the world.
"In this matter, Tun Mahathir wants the ulama and Muslim intellectuals to make use of the openness of the Pakatan Harapan government to show a more compassionate Islam,” he said.
Among those who were present at the meeting were Perlis Mufti Datuk Dr Mohd Asri Zainul Abidin, Islamic Centre lecturer in the Faculty of Theology, Oxford University Datuk Dr Muhammad Afifi Al-Akiti, former president of the Ulama Association of Malaysia (PUM) Ustaz Ahmad Awang and president of the Malaysian Consultative Council for Islamic Organisation (Mapim) Mohd Azmi Abdul Hamid.
During the meeting, the Prime Minister discussed various matters including how to empower Islamic institutions beyond religious rituals but to also include science and economics.
Mujahid said Mahathir also wanted more focus to be given to religious extremists, especially in the issue of branding fellow Muslims as infidels, as well as on the Government’s commitment to combat extremist ideologies.
He said the Ministry will subsequently hold monthly follow-up meetings with smaller groups which would be more focused on certain issues than the one the Prime Minister had today.
Saudi Arabian authorities are reported to have arrested influential cleric Abdelaziz al-Fawzan after he spoke out against the arrests of other religious leaders in the country.
Fawzan’s arrest was highlighted by Prisoners of Conscience, a Twitter account run by activists campaigning against the wave of arrests targeting opponents of the Saudi government.
Prisoners of Conscience said it had received confirmation that Fawzan, a professor of comparative religious law at the Saudi Higher Institute of Justice, had been arrested over a tweet in which he had “expressed his opinion against the suppression of sheikhs and preachers”.
Translation: It was confirmed to us that that the Saudi authorities arrested Dr. Abdelaziz Fawzan, professor of comparative religious law at the Higher Institute of Justice, against the background of the tweet in which he expressed his opinion against the suppression of sheikhs and preachers. He warned people against being sycophants.
Fawzan has been banned from leaving Saudi territory and barred from using social media networks, Al Jazeera Arabic reported.
The cleric, who has more than two million followers on Twitter, criticised the arrests of other imams and religious leaders in tweets posted on 15 and 16 July, in which he accused Saudi authorities of waging a “war on religion and values”.
"With this heinous war on religion and values, you should not back the criminals, and your love for money and status should not lead you to try to please them or portray their wrongful actions positively, otherwise you would lose this life and the afterlife," one of the tweets said.
Several prominent clerics were arrested as part of a wider purge instigated by Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in September, which also targeted Saudi princes and high-profile business tycoons.
Those detained include Salman al-Odah and Awad al-Qarni, two of the country’s most prominent scholars, who were arrested in September in what was seen as a crackdown on some of the country’s most influential religious figures.
Odah, who was arrested after offering to mediate in the dispute between Saudi Arabia and Qatar, was reportedly taken to a hospital in January after spending five months in solitary confinement.
Earlier this month, Sheikh Safar al-Hawali, a veteran Salafi scholar and leading figure in Saudi Arabia's Islamic Sahwa (Awakening) reformist movement, was also arrested.
Bin Salman is currently overseeing a programme of economic and social reforms. But he has been criticised by human rights groups for cracking down on opposition activists, with Human Rights Watch reporting in April that “state repression against human rights defenders and any form of dissent has only increased under the crown prince”.
Authorities last month arrested a number of prominent women's rights campaigners, just days before the kingdom ended a decades-long ban on women driving.
A senior leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria Khurasan (ISIS-K) Mawlavi Habib Ur Rehman surrendered to the Afghan forces together with his 152 miliants.
The 209th Shaheen Corps of the Afghan Military in the North said the ISIS leader and his fighters have surrendered in Jawzjan province.
The statement further added that Mawlavi Rehman and his militants also handed over their weapons and some other military kits t the Afghan forces.
The anti-government armed militant groups including ISIS loyalists have not commented regarding the report so far.
Jawzjan has been among the relatively calm provinces in North of Afghanistan but the security situation of the province has deteriorated during the recent years.
Both the Taliban and ISIS loyalists operate in some districts of the province and often carry out terrorist related activities.
This comes as sporadic clashes are underway between the Taliban and ISIS militants in some parts of Jawzjan province.
ISLAMABAD: A relatively new anti-blasphemy party whose leader has reportedly vowed to nuke the Netherlands should he ever come to power did surprisingly well in Pakistan’s elections last week, which were tainted by the rise of extremist groups.
Islamic fundamentalist parties fielded more than 1,500 candidates in Pakistan’s provincial and national elections that were won by cricket hero turned politician Imran Khan.
Extremists were a major talking point going into the contest with politicians, including Khan, accused of pandering to their vote-base by trumpeting hardline issues such as blasphemy.
The performance of Tehreek-e-Labaik Pakistan (TLP), led by radical preacher Khadim Hussain Rizvi, will worry mainstream politicians and human rights activists the most.
The group, founded in 2015, entered the national consciousness last year when it blockaded the capital Islamabad for several weeks calling for stricter enforcement of Pakistan’s controversial blasphemy laws.
It wants the automatic death penalty for anyone deemed to have insulted Islam or the Prophet Muhammad.
Rizvi reportedly told journalists recently that if he took power in the nuclear-armed country he would “wipe Holland off the face of the earth”, over cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed published there.
Fortunately for the Netherlands, TLP failed to win any of the 272 seats up for grabs in Pakistan’s National Assembly.
TLP polled over 2.23 million votes in the national assembly elections, its first general election, and more than 2.38 million provincial votes, election commission website data shows.
“Their overall number of votes is very surprising. It’s a really spectacularly rapid rise,” political commentator Fasi Zaka told AFP.
TLP’s strong showing is of particular concern to Pakistan’s Ahmadi community, which has long been targeted by extremists. They consider themselves Muslims but their beliefs are seen as blasphemous in most mainstream Islamic schools of thought.
Allah-o-Akbar Tehreek was backed by Hafiz Saeed, the man accused of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks that killed 166 people. Saeed has been designated a terrorist by the United Nations and has a $10-million bounty on his head.
Allah-o-Akbar Tehreek was formed after Pakistan banned the Milli Muslim League — the political party of hardline militant group Lashkar-e-Taiba, which is headed by Saeed — from the election.
None of the party’s candidates won seats but they did register more than 435,000 national and regional votes.
Zaka said he had expected work done in Punjab by LeT’s long-established charitable arm — Jamaat-ud-Dawa — to have translated into more votes.
“They have been in the business of service delivery where the state has not fulfilled its remit … I think they have underperformed,” he said.
Ahle Sunnat Wal Jamaat (ASWJ) is a radical Sunni group that frequently spouts hatred against Pakistan’s Shiite minority community, considering them heretics.
“If we get power in the evening and if a single Shia is alive by the morning in Pakistan then change my name,” leader Muhammad Ahmed Ludhianvi told an election rally.
ASWJ is considered to be the political face of sectarian militant group Lashkar-e-Jhangvi (LeJ), which has been behind numerous bloody attacks on Shiite Muslims in Pakistan.
Its candidates ran as independents and were known to have won at least one seat, in the Punjab assembly.
Zaka, the analyst, said that while votes for extremist parties did not translate into many seats in a first-past-the-post system, their sizable vote banks will give them clout in an increasingly competitive political landscape.
“The interesting thing about this election is not what it says about Pakistan now but what kind of space it creates for a Pakistan five years down the line,” he told AFP.
ISLAMABAD: While the Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf (PTI) is claiming that it is in a position to form a coalition government not only in Islamabad but also in three provinces of the country, the party seems to be in a fix, so far, over the selection of its nominees for top slots in Punjab and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
Celebrating victory in July 25 general elections, the PTI has so far failed to nominate its chief ministers in KP and Punjab. Intra-party consultations are under way to nominate suitable candidates for the slot of chief minister in the two provinces.
For Balochistan, the party has shown its cards by supporting the candidature of Balochistan Awami Party (BAP) president Jam Kamal Khan Alyani after the two parties agreed to become allies in the coming provincial coalition.
The PTI announced on Tuesday that its chairman Imran Khan will soon decide who will be next chief ministers of KP and Punjab.
“The decision regarding chief ministers of KP and Punjab will be taken by PTI chairman Imran Khan and it will be acceptable to the entire party,” said Jahangir Tarin, a senior leader of the PTI who has been disqualified by the Supreme Court in the assets concealment case and barred from holding any public and party office.
On this occasion former KP chief minister Pervez Khattak laid to rest all speculation that he was eager to become CM for a second time and said he would accept whatever decision Mr Khan took. “We will accept even if Khan Sahib brings someone from America for the slot,” he said in a lighter vein.
With the inclusion of the BAP’s four MNAs-elect in the PTI camp, the position of Imran Khan’s party has further strengthened at the Centre as the party’s spokesman Fawad Chaudhry on Monday claimed to have secured 168 seats of the lower house of parliament.
Officially the PTI has bagged 116 general seats of the National Assembly (NA). But the party spokesman claimed on Tuesday that the number of MNAs-elect belonging to or supporting the PTI had reached 170 with the support of nine independents and allied parties, while 172 members were required for a simple majority in the National Assembly.
However, the party has to give up its six NA seats as three of its leaders have contested elections from more than one seat. Imran Khan contested the polls from five constituencies and he has to vacate his four seats. Ghulam Sarwar Khan of Taxila and retired Maj Tahir Sadiq have won two seats and have to vacate one seat each.
Pervez Khattak has won one each seat of NA and KP Assembly and now the party has to decide whether he will vacate his national or provincial assembly seat.
The Pakistan Muslim League-Quaid (PML-Q), an ally of the PTI, has four NA seats but two of them have been won by its president Pervez Elahi, who has to vacate one of the seats.
Giving breakup of the seats in hand, the spokesman said the PTI itself had 145 seats, including 13 independent candidates who had decided to join or support the party. Among the allied parties, the BAP has four seats, the Balochistan National Party-Mengal three, Grand Democratic Alliance two, Muttahida Qaumi Movement six, PML-Q four and Awami Muslim League one seat in the lower house of parliament. It is expected that the allies of the PTI will also get three to four seats reserved for women and minorities.
Mr Tarin, who is mustering support of other parties and independent candidates, claimed on Tuesday that six MQM MNAs-elect were with the PTI.
Meanwhile, Imran Khan continued to receive felicitations from the international community as Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan telephoned him on Tuesday to congratulate him on his party’s success in the elections.
ISLAMABAD: The authorities concerned plan to declare a house in the Ministers’ Enclave as the official residence of the prime minister-in-waiting, Imran Khan, officials told Dawn.
In his victory speech, Imran Khan had announced that he would not use the Prime Minister’s House as his residence and that his party would later decide the fate of the building.
Shortly after Imran Khan’s victory in the recently-held general elections, the capital police and the district administration started extending VVIP protocol and security to the PTI chief, police officials said.
Senior police officers, including Deputy Inspector General of Police (DIG) Waqar Ahmed Chohan, visited Mr Khan’s Banigala residence soon after PTI’s victory in the polls.
The police officials said there was no standard operating procedure for the prime minister in-waiting, but since Imran Khan is likely to be the next prime minister, necessary measures have been taken for his security.
Besides police officials, personnel of Islamabad traffic police were also deployed around his Banigala residence and the road leading to it.
Islamabad Chief Commissioner Joudat Ayaz, Inspector General of Police Islamabad Jan Mohammad along with a couple of other senior officers also visited Banigala recently and discussed security issues with PTI leader Naeemul Haq as well as the chief security officer of the residence.
Issues regarding the official residence of the prime minister-in-waiting also came under discussion.
The officials briefed them about the standard operating procedure (SOP) with regards to security and protocol of the prime minister.
During the meeting, the district administration officials told him that his residence could not be provided foolproof security as the area was open and vulnerable to threat.
A few more options were also given to him, including using an accommodation at the Ministers’ Enclave, which he accepted.
ISLAMABAD: Maulana Fazl­ur Rehman, chief of the Muttahida Majlis-i-Amal (MMA) and Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam (JUI-F), on Tuesday asked his supporters to continue their protests against ‘rigged’ election results and announced that a call would soon be given for the launch of massive protests across the country.
“The Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf has emerged as a major party in this election only through rigging,” the Maul­ana said, adding that the PTI should rather accept the open involvement of the ‘establishment’ in the election.
After a meeting of the MMA held here at the residence of Jamaat-i-Islami deputy chief Mian Aslam, Maulana Fazl in his press talk several times used the term ‘establishment’ to decry the election results that he said had been concocted.
About their move to boycott the National Assembly, Maulana Fazl said the MMA leadership was united, but all the decisions would be made through consensus.
He accused the PTI of buying MNAs and said: “The PTI is involved in the country’s worst horse trading.” There was no reason that the PTI should be making a cabinet — it should refrain from doing so, he added.
KARACHI: Despite the participation of 12 religious parties in the electoral battle this year, the far-right groups managed to secure only 5,203,285 (9.58 per cent) of the total 54,319,922 votes polled across the country as most of them saw a decline in their vote bank when compared to the 2013 general election.
The highest votes in favour of religious parties were cast in Punjab (2,704,856 votes) but that contributed to only 7.98pc of the province’s overall vote bank — the lowest among all provinces — as per the preliminary results released by the Election Commission of Pakis­tan. As compared to Punjab, their performance was better in Sindh where the religious parties rece­ived 1,116,644 votes (10.57pc of the total votes polled). However, religiously-motivated groups dominated the electoral space in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa where nine parties collectively secured 18.84pc of the votes polled, followed by Balochistan (16.78pc).
The recently revived Mut­tahida Majlis-i-Amal (MMA) — an alliance of various religious parties headed by Maulana Fazlur Rehman’s JUI-F and the Jamaat-i-Islami — managed to secure 12 seats with 2.5 million votes for the National Assembly. Earlier in 2002, the MMA had emerged as the country’s third largest party with 3.1 million votes and 59 of its candidates had won. The alliance disintegrated when the JI boycotted the 2008 general elections. The JUI-F, however, took part in them. The JUI-F secured 760,000 votes in 2008 and 1.4 million votes in the 2013 general elections, while the JI had secured 960,000 votes in 2013.
Similarly, Jamiat Ulema-i-Islam Nazryati-Pakistan managed to bag 34,170 votes as compared to 1,030,98 votes in 2013. Another religious party that did not leave an impact on the electoral battleground was Jamiat Ulema-i-Pakistan (Noorani) that received 22,918 votes in contrast to 67,966 votes in 2013.
The Majlis Wahdatul Mus­limeen — which received 41,520 votes last time — managed to only get 19,597 votes this time. The Sunni Ittehad Council also witnessed a significant drop in its popularity as it received 5,939 votes only as compared to 37,732 votes in 2013.
While old religious groups failed to make their presence felt this time, new splinter groups p roved otherwise.
On an unexpected front, the newly formed Tehreek-i-Labbaik Pakistan (TLP) — led by clerics of the Barelvi sect — emerged as the top fifth party which received 2,234,138 votes for the National Assembly, outranking major parties like the Muttahida Qaumi Movement-Pakistan and Awami National Party among others.
Although the TLP did not secure a seat in the lower house of parliament, its 178 NA and over 500 provincial assembly candidates contesting elections across the country contributed significantly to its vote bank. The party bagged the most votes in Punjab (1,887,419) where it was the only party that had fielded over 100 candidates from the 117 constituencies of the province. The TLP also managed to govern Punjab’s religious poll bank as its votes make up 69pc of the total votes given to religious parties (2,704,856) in the region. In Sindh, the party candidates gave prominent leaders like Dr Farooq Sattar of MQM-P and PPP’s Bilawal Bhutto-Zardari a run for their money.
In NA-246 (Karachi South-1), TLP’s candidate Ahmed secured over 3,000 more votes than the PPP chairman whereas in NA-247 (Karachi South-2), the party’s candidate secured second position and beat Dr Sattar by a margin of over 500 votes.
The TLP notched up two seats in the provincial assembly — one from Lyari’s PS-107 and the other from PS-115 (Baldia Town). It also beat the five-party alliance MMA in Karachi, hijacking the Barelvi vote bank further.
The Tehreek-i-Labbaik (Islam) — the political wing of TLP’s Jalali group — also influenced religious vote bank as it managed to secure over 55,000 votes for the National Assembly.
Besides the TLP, the Hafiz Saeed-led Allah-o-Akbar Tehreek (AAT) was among the top faring religious parties this election. The AAT is another name for the Milli Muslim League which had been denied registration by the ECP over links with the banned Jamaatud Dawa.
The AAT had fielded 265 candidates — including 13 women — countrywide. Apart from Hafiz Waleed, the other prominent AAT candidate was Hafiz Saeed’s son Talha Saeed who was in the run for a National Assembly seat from Sargodha. The party did not win any seat.
However, the AAT — which received 171,356 votes for the National Assembly — emerged in the top eighth position (seventh largest party) in Punjab with 236, 386 votes, according to the figures uploaded by the ECP.
PESHAWAR: Senior politician and ANP general secretary Mian Iftikhar Hussain has once again received a ‘suicide attack’ threat and he says this time it is ‘serious’.
He has received the warning about attempt on his life at a time when he himself and his party leaders and workers have announced to take to streets to protest alleged rigging in the elections and demand fair re-elections.
“I am concerned as this time there was no mention of my name in any recent Nacta briefings, just like late Haroon Bilour, yet I have received this serious threat alert from all the civil and military authorities concerned. This is what worries me,” Mr Hussain told Dawn.
“It has been learnt that militant commander Asif alias Kamran Haji, based in Kunar province of Afghanistan, has planned to target ANP leader Mian Iftikhar Hussain. It has been further learnt that a suicide bomber probably a woman/child has been arranged for the said purpose,” says the threat alert. The alert cautions to take extreme vigilance and suggests heightened security measures to avoid any untoward incident.
“I feel as if this time I am not mentioned in any lists shared by the government. I think this time I am being presented as an easy target,” said the ANP leader, who seemed helpless with situation as his party that opposed militancy and approved a military operation against militants in the past, lost the elections badly. He alleged that it was done through rigging in which Election Commission of Pakistan, army and caretaker government were in collusion.
Mr Hussain had been information minister in the ANP government in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa during a sensitive time when not only tribal areas but militancy infested Swat, Malakand and other parts of the province.
Bomb blasts ravaged the streets, markets and political meetings between 2008 and 2013 and he being information minister was the first one to reach the scene of occurrence and console the victims’ families and threaten the terrorists of consequences and express the government’s resolve to eliminate them.
Haroon Bilour, the ANP candidate for PK-78, was killed in a suicide attack on a corner meeting of the party on July 10. Mr Hussain despite such threats continued to take part in election campaign in his hometown Pabbi in Nowshera but lost the polls. He said that he submitted an application for recounting of votes in the constituency but it was not accepted so far.
He remained staunch and strong in the face of such threats even when he lost his only son Mian Rashid Hussain in his hometown in a terrorist attack in July 2010. During the last eight years or so, he whether in government or having lost elections in 2013 lived life amid such threats. Issuance of such terror alerts has become almost a tradition as before each religious festive occasion like Eid he would get a warning by local authorities to remain vigilant for his safety.
Despite threats, Mr Hussian said, he decided like his party to openly go out and campaign as such threats kept them out of the election in 2013.
He said that he was worried in the present situation as he along with other ANP leadership was made to lose the elections. He said that they were being silenced through such threats.
Pakistan’s hardline Islamist groups failed to bag enough seats in the recent elections to hold any power, but they certainly managed to dent the voter base of the traditional parties, making the ride easier for Imran Khan’s Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI). Khan’s party emerged as the single largest party after the elections.
The Islamist parties got legitimacy as bona fide political entities, fielding candidates in 90% of the country’s constituencies. Moreover, a careful analysis of the Election Commission of Pakistan’s data reveals that the Islamist parties fared quite well as debutants.
Tehreek-i-Labbaik Pakistan, a far-right Sunni Barelvi sectarian group, polled 4% of the total votes, or 1.94 million of the 49 million cast in Wednesday’s election. The party propounds the enforcement of sharia laws and encourages protection of the controversial blasphemy-related clauses of the constitution.
Tehreek-i-Labbaik, headed by the firebrand leader Khadim Hussain Rizvi, caused the Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz), the party of ousted prime minister Nawaz Sharif, to lose more than 30 seats in the National Assembly. However, it only won two seats in the Sindh Provincial Assembly and one in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
“They were supposed to be spoilers, not winners. Remember that gentleman with the pencil symbol in 1990 [in] NA1 [constituency], something like that,” Mohammad Taqi, a renowned columnist, doctor and analyst tweeted about the Islamist parties.
Allah-o-Akbar Tehreek, a party backed by the mastermind of the 2008 Mumbai attack, Hafiz Saeed, showed a dismal performance, as none of its candidates won. The party got 164,000 votes and helped Tehreek-i-Labbaik Pakistan in some crucial constituencies in Punjab province to rout the heavyweights of Nawaz Sharif’s party.
“These extremist parties were enlisted to cut to size the electoral strength of Pakistan Muslim League (Nawaz) and [this] was part of a greater game of pre-poll rigging which started right from the Panama leaks,” Pervaiz Rashid, a PML-N senator and former federal information minister in the Sharif cabinet, told Asia Times.
Rashid alleged that a sustained and systematic campaign was launched before the elections against Sharif’s party. Its candidates were arrested, harassed and forced to change loyalties in a bid to provide a walkover to other parties and weaken PML-N’s position. “These measures serve no purpose except to subvert the democracy and tarnish the image of the country abroad,” he stated.
A close look at the Election Commission’s constituency details points to a masterly executed plan to undermine PML-N’s winnability by misuse of the vote rejection rule. In some constituencies, the margin of victory was less than the rejected votes.
The Free and Fair Election Network – a non-governmental organization committed to an open parliament, good governance and fair elections in Pakistan – identified 35 such odd instances in its report on the election released on Friday. The Election Commission’s data show that polling staff rejected thousands of votes in each constituency, which is an uncommon trend.
The details of individual constituencies on the Election Commission’s website reveal that the extremist outfits, which are registered as political parties under the Pakistani deep state’s de-radicalization drive, wreaked havoc on Nawaz Sharif’s party’s ability to win seats.
In the National Assembly constituency NA-66, PTI candidate Farrukh Altaf got 112,354 votes and was declared the winner. The runner-up Chaudhry Nadeem Khadim, a PML-N candidate, bagged 92,912 votes, while Tehreek-i-Labbaik Pakistan secured 29,556 votes. If the Election Commission had not allowed Tehreek-i-Labbaik to contest the election, a good chunk of these votes would have gone to Sharif’s party and could have changed the result altogether.
Similarly, in NA-67 constituency, PTI spokesman Fawad Chaudhry polled 93,102 votes against the 82,475 votes garnered by his rival candidate Raja Matloob Mehdi of PML-N. Tehreek-i-Labbaik bagged 16,286 and deprived Sharif’s party of a seat.
Again, in the Punjab constituency NA-87, PTI’s Chaudhry Shoukat Ali Bhatti won with 165,618 votes against PML-N candidate Saira Tarar’s 157,453 votes. Tehreek-i-Labbaik and Allah-o-Akbar Tehreek’s combined votes in this constituency were only 46,246. There are more than 30 constituencies in Punjab, including NA-102, NA-105, and NA-108, where these two Islamist parties spoiled the votes for PML-N but failed to win seats.
“Traditionally Islamist groups get 7-10% [of the] votes in the elections, and this has happened since 1970; it’s not a new phenomenon,” Dr Farrukh Saleem said. “In the context of recent elections, both Pakistan Muslim League-Nawaz and Pakistan Tehreek-i-Insaf believed in right-wing populism and both tried to attract conservative votes; how could we conclude that the TLP [Tehreek-i-Labbaik Pakistan] and AAT [Allah-o-Akbar Tehreek] votes would have gone to PML-N if the former were not in the running?”
Saleem, an Islamabad-based columnist, economist and political scientist, claimed that people had bought the PTI narrative and voted for the party irrespective of the credentials of the candidates.
Nonetheless, Saleem agrees with allegations of election rigging. “There are three types of rigging, namely pre-poll, poll-day and post-poll, and there has always been an element of pre-poll rigging in every election held in the country,” he said, adding that conspiracy theories apart, both the political and military establishments played a role in pre-poll rigging this time.
Stepping away from allegations and counter-allegations, Rashid pointed out, “These sectarian and banned groups are not like the mainstream religio-political parties we had been working with since independence. They are extremist, radical and sectarian outfit having no faith in the constitution, rule of law and democratic dispensation.” Instead, they believe in violence, intimidation, and coercion and issue apostasy decrees against faithful Muslims and even kill them every now and then, he added.
KARACHI: Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal Chief Fazlur Rehman said on Tuesday that the coalition of religio-political parties vehemently denies the Election Commission of Pakistan’s claims that the elections were free and transparent.
The JUI-F chief was addressing media after a session of the MMA today. Fazl said that the coalition will continue to protest over rigging in some of the constituencies.
He said that the ECP should not continue to argue over the subject. “The nation will not accept a government formed as a result of horse trading,” said the MMA chief.
Fazl said that Jamaat-e-Islami Chief Siraj-ul-Haq’s suggestion to take oath in the National Assembly will be put forth in the All Parties Conference.
On Monday, the major parties in the opposition held a meeting and decided to form a grand opposition for formulating a strategy on alleged rigging in the July 25 General Election.
ISLAMABAD: Jamiat Ulema-e-Islam Fazl (JUI-F) chief and Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal (MMA) President Maulana Fazlur Rehman on Tuesday demanded Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan “open all constituencies” as per the promise made during his victory speech.
During a press conference after winning the July 25 election, Imran had said that he would cooperate with those who have reservations over the elections.
After a meeting between leaders of MMA, Fazlur Rehman demanded that every constituency be opened and that the government should not be formed on the basis of current results. He also demanded thumb verification of all votes.
He alleged that the PTI had emerged as the largest political party only as a result of rigging and should refrain from forming a cabinet before the prime minister is elected as it does not have a majority.
“When PTI does not have the majority, other parties have the right to attempt to form the government,” Rahman said, alleging that the party was engaging in the “worst horse trading in history”.
Showing flexibility over his previous stance of not taking oath in the new National Assembly, he said that the Jamaat-e-Islami’s (JI) suggestion that elected MMA members should sit in the NA will be taken to the All Parties Conference (APC).
Turkey’s President Recep Tayyip Erdogan on Tuesday telephoned Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) Chairman Imran Khan to congratulate him on his party’s successful performance in the recently-held general elections, the PTI media cell said.
During the telephonic exchange, the two leaders exchanged the hope for the beginning of a positive chapter in the bilateral relations.
According to the PTI statement, Erdogan extended his “good wishes for Imran Khan and his future government”, at which the PTI chief thanked the Turkish president.
Earlier on Monday, India’s Prime Minister Narendra Modi had telephoned Imran Khan, congratulating him over his party’s victory in the general elections and conveying best wishes for Pakistan.
“We are ready to enter a new era of relations with Pakistan,” Modi was quoted as saying by the PTI press release.
According to the statement, Modi said both the countries should adopt a joint strategy for progress in bilateral ties.
Moreover, a statement issued by the Indian Ministry of External Affairs from New Delhi said Modi had spoken to Imran Khan and “congratulated him for his party emerging as the largest political party in the National Assembly of Pakistan in the recently conducted general elections.”
“Prime Minister [Modi] expressed hope that democracy will take deeper roots in Pakistan,” the statement quoted Modi as saying.
Modi also reiterated his “vision of peace and development in the entire neighbourhood” during his conversation with Imran Khan.
According to the PTI statement, the party chief thanked the Indian prime minister for his good wishes. “The solution to conflicts should be found through dialogue,” he was quoted as telling Modi.
NEW DELHI: The All India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) on Tuesday claimed that the Law Commission in principle agrees that a uniform civil code (UCC) is not practicable in India given the country's vast diversity and complexities.
The Law Commission has been examining the issue of implementing a common civil law for all communities in India and had invited the AIMPLB on Tuesday to discuss the Muslim personal law and the desired changes in it.
"First and foremost we made it clear that Muslim personal law is as per the divine decree and nobody is authorised to change it. The Commission was very receptive of our views and the meeting happened in a very cordial atmosphere," said Maulana Syed Jalaluddin Umari, who led the AIMPLB delegation.
"The Law Commission Chairman admitted that a uniform civil code is not a practical idea for India and that the government should not even think of implementing it for at least 10 years. We told him that not just 10 years, the idea should be dropped for good," Mr Umari said.
Syed Qasim Rasool Ilyas, a member of the delegation, said the Commission discussed as to what good things from the Muslim personal law can be made part of the Hindu civil code and vice versa.
"We are clear that we cannot tweak our personal law at will. It is based on Quranic injunctions and the Hadith," he said.
Advocate Niaz Farooqi said that when the delegation requested the Commission that before making any law about Muslims, it should at least consult the community, they were shocked to hear the reply.
"The Chairman said that the government was not even consulting the Law Commission on such matters, let alone others. This clearly shows that the Narendra Modi government is more interested in doing politics on Muslim issues than actual reform," Mr Farooqi said.
AIMPLB spokesman Kamal Farooqui said: "Today we have submitted a detailed note on the questions raised by the Law Commission. The issues pertained to inheritance, adoption, custody of children, making a will, difference in interpretation of Islamic laws among various sects and model nikahnama."
"I can tell you with full authority that there is no concept of nikah halala in the Shariah. The debate around it is more a media creation," Mr Farooqui said.
The All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) on Tuesday welcomed the Shiv Sena’s support to reservation for Muslims in education. The party criticised the Devendra Fadnavis-led government, which, it said, was defying the Bombay High Court’s order by not implementing the 5 per cent quota for Muslims.
At a press conference on Monday, Shiv Sena chief Uddhav Thackeray had said: “Apart from the Marathas, reservation demands of Dhangars, Muslims and other communities should also be taken into account.” Thackeray added that his party would support the state and the Union government on the issue.
About reservation for Muslims, Uddhav said if there were reasonable demands from the Muslim community, they should also be considered.
Welcoming the Sena’s stand, AIMIM MLA Imtiaz Jaleel said: “It is a positive development. The BJP should take a cue… Some BJP leaders, through their acts and utterances, are targeting Muslims,” he said.
Jaleel said 5 per cent reservation demand for the Muslim community has received the Bombay High Court’s support. “While rejecting the demands of the Maratha community for OBC status, the high court had allowed 5 per cent reservation for Muslims. In case of the Maratha community, the court had rejected the move and called for setting up of a Backward Classes Commission. In Muslims’ case, the court has supported the quota in education based on circumstantial evidence. However, it is highly regrettable that the state government is yet to implement the HC directive,” he said.
Jaleel said the Bombay High Court’s move meant a lot for Muslim youths. “The court order is significant as it aims at removing the educational backwardness of the community. A large number of youths, because of lack of proper education, have to take up menial jobs. It is time Muslim youths get higher education, which will result in better jobs and improvement in their living standards. Every effort should be made to remove educational backwardness of the community,” he said.
Jaleel said his party was planning to launch an agitation to demand a job quota for Muslims. “An announcement to this effect will be made soon,” he said.
A BJP leader said the Congress-NCP government had in 2014 issued an ordinance giving 5 per cent reservation in jobs for Muslims. “The ordinance, however, lapsed on December 23, 2014, after which the government scrapped the resolution,” said a BJP leader.
Days after Hamirpur temple purification incident, a large number of Dalits in Uttar Pradesh’s Meerut district have threatened to embrace Islam after being denied entry into a Hindu temple to offer prayers.
The incident was reported from Panchgaon Patti village in Meerut. A few Dalit women, belonging to Valmiki Samaj, had gone to a 50-year-old temple to offer prayers on Sunday but they were denied entry by the priest on the ground that Dalits were not allowed to pray in the temple.
“Women were told that they are Dalits not Hindus and will not be allowed to offer prayers at a Hindu temple. They may go to their own Valmiki temples,” alleged Deepak Valmiki.
Another villager Satish Valmiki said that the order to deny entry to Dalits in the temple was enforced when a new priest joined a few months ago. “We were going to the temple earlier but now the new priest does not allow us to offer prayers there,” alleged Valmiki.
When a Dalits in the village tried to reason out with the priest, he abused and threatened them with dire consequences if anyone of them tried to come near the temple. The priest also lodged a fake complaint at the Bhawanpur Police Station against few dalits of the village, having a population of over 100 dait families.
Agitated Valmiki Samaj members met the SSP Meerut Rajesh Kumar Pandey and threatened to embrace Islam if they were not allowed to offer prayers in the temple. The SSP assured dalits to initiate action against the priest or anyone who tried to stop them entering temple.
“A probe has been ordered and the police will initiate action against anyone who tried to stop them offering prayers in the temple. A few police men have been posted at the temple to ensure that everyone is allowed entry into the temple,” said the SSP.
SR Darapuri, a retired IPS officer and a dalit human right activist said that it was violation of basic fundamental rights of dalits and showed how they were being discriminated under the BJP government, led by Yogi Adityanath.
Hyderabad: Faiz-e-Trust under the stewardship of Mr. Iftekhar Husain, Secretary and under the guidance of Mr. Zahid Ali Khan, Editor of Siasat Urdu Daily has been helping the needy persons right from Kashmir to Kanyakumari.
The trust has been helping Rohingya Muslims also since 2017 who are accommodated in Balapur, Hyderabad. It established tailoring center at Shaheen Nagar. It also arranged education in Arabic, English and Urdu for the children of Rohingya Muslims. Treatment of patients was arranged.
In order to earn their livelihood, Siasat Millat Fund and Faiz-e-Aam Trust spent Rs. 4,12,925 and provided Thelabandis. From 2013 to 16, similar arrangements were made with an expenditure of Rs 2, 77,312.
Mr. Iftekhar Husain, Secretary informed that last year, the trust had spent Rs. 60 thousand for providing tarpaulin sheets at camp I to protect them from rain. This year, the trust distributed tarpaulin sheets worth Rs. 65, 000 in camp number 2 , 5 and 10 so that they could be spread on 49 huts and also on a Deeni Madrasa.
Present on this occasion were Dr. Shaukat Ali Mirza, Dr. Makhdoom Mohiudduin, Justice Ismail, Mr. Haider Ali, Mr. Khaja Kamaluddin (Chicago) and Mr. Karrar Ahmed.
Speaking on this occasion, Mr. Iftekhar Husain told that necessary steps would be taken by the trust to educate, the children of Rohingya Muslims. It will also help plant the trees and disposal of garbage.
Kanpur, Jul 31 (PTI) Uttar Pradesh Minority Commission chairman Tanveer Haidar Usmani asked today the Bareilly district magistrate and SSP to seize properties of people who issued 'fatwa' against Nida Khan if they are not arrested.
On July 16, a cleric in Bareilly had issued a fatwa against Nida Khan, who had allegedly taken up issues like triple talaq and Nikah Halala.
At a press conference, Shahar Imam Mufti Khurshid Alam had said a fatwa has been issued against Nida Khan for speaking against Islam and its practices.
Usmani here said, "I have asked the DM and SSP (of Bareilly) to make seize the property of guilty persons in case their arrests could not be made. Officials have been instructed to submit the detailed report before the commission."
He also said, "The country runs in accordance with the Constitution and not by the dictatorship of the clerics and so called 'thekedar'."
Nida was married to Sheeran Raza Khan of Ala Hazrat family in 2015 but was given talaq in 2016. Since then, she has been fighting for rights of Muslim women.
On July 20, the Bareilly district administration decided to step up her security who had come out in support of a nikah halala victim in the district.
New Delhi: The Centre on Tuesday said that the Border Security Force (BSF) and Assam Rifles have been sensitised to ensure that members of the Rohingya Muslim minority do not enter the country, and that states have been asked to enumerate and confine those who have immigrated illegally.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh told the Lok Sabha during Question Hour that his ministry had issued an advisory to the states in February concerning the Rohingya. "The BSF and Assam Rifles have been fully sensitised to ensure that Rohingyas are not able to enter," Rajnath replied to a query posed by a Shiv Sena member. He said Rohingyas have, however, entered the country in "large numbers".
"It should not happen that the Rohingyas spread out and stay wherever they want," he said, adding that the states have been advised to prepare their "biography" (profiles) and take biometrics. "The advisory also says that their movement should also be monitored and the states should be fully alert."
Rajnath said the state governments have the right to deportation under the Foreigners Act. "We have requested the state governments that after identification and enumeration of the Rohingyas, they should send the information to the central government. Once we get this information, we will share it with the Ministry of External Affairs. The ministry will talk to authorities in Myanmar and try to deport them," the minister said.
Earlier, Minister of State for Home Kiren Rijiju said Rohingyas were illegal migrants, and there was no question of the government giving them any facilities. "We will first take care of Indian citizens, take care of their rights. We are not here to take care of illegal migrants," he said.
Answering another query, Rijiju said Jammu and Kashmir has the largest number of Rohingyas followed by Hyderabad. They also lived in Delhi, Haryana, Rajasthan and some other places. "We have taken firm steps that they do not become a threat to the country's security and become a burden in the future," he added.
Referring to the issue of ration cards, he said the government has not allowed the move and "if registration has taken place in a fake manner, action will be taken". He said every state and Union Territory should ensure that Rohingyas do not get a legal document.
Regarding border fencing, Rijiju said: "There is no fencing with Myanmar, Nepal, Bhutan, China. We have a different agreement with every country." The minister said that about 10 lakh Rohingyas in Bangladesh have not been able to enter India due to steps taken by the government.
Trinamool Congress member Sugata Bose said he was saddened by the reply of the home minister and noted that India has 40,000 Rohingya refugees, while there were over nine lakh in Bangladesh. Noting that the government was carrying out "Operation Insaniyat" (Operation Humanity) in Bangladesh, he asked whether the Centre will give shelter to all persecuted people, specially refugees.
NEW DELHI: Abdul Rehman al-Dakhil, the operational leader for Lashkar-iToiba in India between 1997 and 2001, has been designated as a Specially Designated Global Terrorist (SDGT) by the US Department of State.
A long-time member of the US-designated Foreign Terrorist Organization (FTO), Dakhil was captured in Iraq by UK forces in 2004.
He was lodged in Iraq and Afghanistan under the custody of the US. In 2014, he was transferred to Pakistan. Following his release, Dakhil returned to work for the LeT.
Two years later, he was appointed as the divisional commander for the Jammu region. As per the latest report, Dakhil is a senior commander in LeT as of early 2018.
The new designation will impose sanctions on foreign persons who have committed or pose a significant risk of committing, acts of terrorism that threaten the security of US nationals or the national security, foreign policy, or economy of the United States.
Following the designation, Dakhil will not be able to plan and carry out terrorist attacks, all of his property and interests subject to US jurisdiction are blocked, and US persons are generally prohibited from engaging in any transactions with him.
Today’s action notifies the US public and the international community that Abdul Rehman al-Dakhil has committed, or poses a significant risk of committing, acts of terrorism. Designations of terrorist individuals and groups expose and isolate organizations and individuals, and deny them access to the US financial system," the State Department said.
US President Donald Trump suggested Tuesday that talks with arch foe Iran were imminent, despite silence from the Islamic republic’s leaders to his offer for a meeting.
Scepticism was rife in Iran over possible talks, with one lawmaker saying negotiations would be a “humiliation.”
The country’s top leaders did not give an immediate response to Trump’s statement a day earlier that he would meet them “any time” without preconditions.
“I have a feeling they’ll be talking to us pretty soon,” Trump told a rally in Tampa, Florida, before adding: “And maybe not, and that’s OK too.”
He also used the occasion to again blast the “horrible, one-sided” 2015 nuclear deal between Iran and world powers from which the American president withdrew.
The US is set to start reimposing full sanctions on Iran from August 6 — a move that has already contributed to a major currency crisis with the rial losing two thirds of its value in six months.
Several Iranian public figures said it was impossible to imagine negotiations with Washington after it tore up the nuclear deal in May.
“With the contemptuous statements (Trump) addressed to Iran, the idea of negotiating is inconceivable. It would be a humiliation,” said Ali Motahari, deputy speaker of parliament, according to the conservative Fars News.
Interior Minister Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli said: “America is not trustworthy. After it arrogantly and unilaterally withdrew from the nuclear agreement, how can it be trusted?”
Only last week, Trump fired off an all-caps tirade at his counterpart Hassan Rouhani on Twitter, warning of untold “suffering” if Iran continued to threaten the United States.
“We cannot negotiate with someone who violates international commitments, threatens to destroy countries, and constantly changes his position,” said analyst Mohammad Marandi, of the University of Tehran, who was part of the nuclear negotiating team.
“Negotiations with the United States must not be a taboo,” said Heshmatollah Falahatpisheh, head of parliament’s foreign affairs commission, in an interview with the semi-official ISNA news agency.
“Trump understands that he does not have the capacity to wage war with Iran, but due to historic mistrust, diplomatic ties have been destroyed,” said Falahatpisheh, adding that this left no choice but to work towards reducing tensions.
Motahari added that hardliners, who have long opposed any rapprochement with the US, share the blame for the collapse of the nuclear deal.
“If the whole Iranian system had worked to implement this agreement, today we would be witnessing the presence of European companies in Iran and their investments, and even Trump would not be able to withdraw so easily from the deal,” he said.
On the streets of Tehran, meanwhile, the focus remained resolutely on Iran’s domestic economic difficulties.
“All of us believe that Trump is the enemy of Iran and Iranian people. But now maybe Trump wants to give the Iranian people an opportunity and, God willing, it could be a way to get past our disastrous situation,” added Hushiar, an office manager in her 50s.
Many Iranians find it hard to believe that the man who is trying to destroy their economy, and has banned them from flying to the US, can be trusted.
“If they are honest in their words that they want to have negotiations with us without any preconditions, at least they should stay in the JCPOA (nuclear deal) or they should let us get the benefits of European trade,” said Morteza Mehdian, a software engineer in his 20s.
For now, this is also the official line, with Iran’s supreme leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei saying earlier this month that talking to Trump would be “useless.”
Foreign ministry spokesman Bahram Ghasemi on Monday said “there is no possibility for talks,” ahead of Trump’s statement.
“Washington reveals its untrustworthy nature day by day,” Ghasemi said, according to the conservative-aligned Mehr news agency.
Hate incidents spike after Muslims are at centre of large-scale violence — as perpetrators or victims
Less than 24 hours after Faisal Hussain opened fire in Toronto’s Greektown, a middle-aged white man approached a visibly Muslim family at the city’s ferry docks, pushed two men and screamed: “Where the f— are you from?”
A video of the racially charged incident appears to begin in the middle of the confrontation as the white man continuously advances toward one of the three men in the Muslim family until they’re forehead-to-forehead. “You don’t ask me a f—ing question in my province,” the man says, shoving one of the Muslim men into a child.
The confrontation escalates until the white man begins to scream at the Muslim man, who repeatedly told him that he was born in Ontario: “I’ll f—ing kill you… Welcome to Ontario, a–hole.”
On Friday, Lombray Ball, 50, was arrested and charged with two counts of assault and threatening death.
In the wake of the Danforth shooting, there’s been a spike in hate-related incidents targeting Muslims across Canada, according to the National Council of Canadian Muslims. Although the average number of recorded incidents between April and June was 1.5, the Muslim council says there have been five in the past week alone.
When Muslims are at the centre of large-scale violent incidents such as the Danforth and Parliament Hill shootings as perpetrators, the council’s statistics show that hate incidents — anything from verbal and physical attacks to vandalism — spike. The same occurs, the statistics show, when Muslims have been the victims.
“Either way, we can’t win sometimes,” said Leila Nasr, a council spokewoman. “Every time things like this happen, the Muslim community has to go into damage control to somehow defend itself from people who wish to lump everyone into the same category.”
Four hours before the confrontation involving Ball, a 17-year-old Halifax woman was walking to a bus stop from Dalhousie University when she was approached by a white man who yelled “F— you, f— all Muslims,” before telling her to go back to her country.
On Friday, a white man stood in front of a memorial dedicated to the Danforth shooting, holding a sign that read “C.B.C. presents: Little Mosque on the Praire (sic). Two girls dead in Greektown.” That same day, a video was posted to YouTube showing a white man spitting at a Muslim man and telling him “you look like that guy that shot everyone on the Danforth.”
Two days later, Peel Regional Police near Toronto arrested Sandra Alexander, 35, for allegedly trying to rip the hijab off the head of an 18-year-old woman while “flicking a lighter.” She was charged with assault with a weapon, assault and uttering threats.
Seeing such an increase in Islamophobic incidents has led Nasr to suggest that the tension in the aftermath of the Danforth shooting is causing some to “act out on their fears or their prejudices.” It wouldn’t be the first time.
The council has collected data on anti-Muslim hate incidents since 2013. It keeps track of the incident reports that members of the Muslim community file with them along with those that are publicly reported.
In the week following the Parliament Hill shooting in 2014, the council recorded four anti-Muslim hate incidents that were publicly reported. The average per week in 2014 was 0.4. Nine incidents were also reported directly to the council. In the wake of the Quebec mosque shooting on Jan. 29, 1017, when Alexandre Bissonnette shot and killed six Muslim worshippers, the number of reported hate incidents jumped from four in January 2017 to 11 one month later. In March, there were another 10.
But these numbers aren’t completely accurate, Nasr acknowledges. They can’t be when two-thirds of hate crimes go unreported, according to a 2014 Statistics Canada survey. When contacted by the National Post, Toronto police spokesman Mark Pugash said the information available to him shows no spike in hate crimes in the city.
Hindy, an imam at the Dar Al-Tawheed mosque just outside Toronto, said that members of his community often tell him about hate incidents they experience and he “practically begs” them to report it but there’s an “unwillingness.” His wife experienced the same behaviour, Hindy said, when years ago, a man approached her in a parking lot and told her to go back to her country. Like most, she didn’t report the incident.
“There’s a feeling that nothing is going to come out of it… that they’ll just become another number,” Hindy said.
After the Danforth shooting, Hindy asked the volunteers in charge of security at Dar Al-Tawheed to spend more time at the mosque. Peel police also offered to send a cruiser to the mosque during prayer time. In conversations with his congregants, Hindy has warned them to be more vigilant.
Having such discussions is a new experience for Hasan Ahmed. Ahmed was visiting Toronto from Saskatoon with his wife and young children when he witnessed the scene at the Toronto ferry terminal.
A Muslim himself, Ahmed said he tried to tell the middle-aged white man that he didn’t have the right to push anyone around.
“My kids were very scared and my wife was very scared too,” he said. “We never had this kind of incident before.”
Ahmed, who has lived in Canada for eight years, explained to his children that “most Canadians are great” and that the man’s behaviour wasn’t reflective of society.
Iran will never accept the terms of surrender and sacrifice its sovereignty in order to sit at the table for inconsequential discussions with the US leadership, American writer and retired professor James Petras has said.
Petras, who has several books on Middle Eastern political issues, made the remarks in an interview on Tuesday with Press TV while commenting on the contradictory statements of US President Donald Trump and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo about Iran.
"We've said this before," said the former CIA chief. “If the Iranians demonstrate a commitment to make fundamental changes in how they treat their own people, reduce their malign behavior, can agree that it's worthwhile to enter into a nuclear agreement that actually prevents proliferation, then the president said he's prepared to sit down and have the conversation with them.”
Professor Petras said the United States “is working from the position that if it applies the stick in practice through the sanctions, it can offer a carrot which is to restart the negotiations over the disarmament of Iran, that goes far beyond any agreement of the past.”
“In other words, Washington is saying we will impose sanctions, we will extend sanctions, and we will talk to you how you can make concessions to us including abandoning your allies in the Middle East, supporting the US alliance with Saudi Arabia and Israel, sacrifice any support you provide to the Houthis in Yemen and then we will talk about some kind of agreement,” he said.
A top Turkish business leader on Tuesday blasted recent threats against Turkey made by the U.S. administration.
Turkish businesspeople disapprove of the remarks of U.S. President Donald Trump and Vice President Mike Pence, said Erol Bilecik, chair of the Turkish Industry and Business Association (TUSIAD), while visiting Parliament Speaker Binali Yildirim.
"We can never approve of the remarks of Pence and Trump, especially over social media," Bilecik told reporters.
Bilecik called on the two countries to make statements "with high diplomacy and aim for a solution."
Relations between the countries soured after Trump and Pence threatened on Twitter to impose sanctions on Turkey over American pastor Andrew Craig Brunson, who faces terrorism-related charges.
US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo warned on Monday that any potential International Monetary Fund (IMF) bailout for Pakistan’s new government should not provide funds to pay off Chinese lenders.
In an interview with CNBC television, Pompeo said the United States looked forward to engagement with the government of Pakistan’s expected new prime minister, Imran Khan, but said there was “no rationale” for a bailout that pays off Chinese loans to Pakistan.
“Make no mistake. We will be watching what the IMF does,” Pompeo said. “There’s no rationale for IMF tax dollars, and associated with that American dollars that are part of the IMF funding, for those to go to bail out Chinese bondholders or China itself,” Pompeo said.
The Financial Times reported on Sunday that senior Pakistani finance officials were drawing up options for Khan to seek an IMF bailout of up to $12 billion.
An IMF spokeswoman said: “We can confirm that we have so far not received a request for a Fund arrangement from Pakistan and that we have not had discussions with the authorities about any possible intentions.”
Speaking in Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said the IMF had its own standards and operating rules when cooperating with relevant countries.
Pakistan is struggling to avert a currency crisis that has presented the new government with its biggest challenge. Many analysts and business leaders expect that another IMF bailout, the second in five years, will be needed to plug an external financing gap.
Pakistan, which already has around $5 billion in loans from China and its banks to fund major infrastructure projects, had sought another $1 billion in loans to stabilise its plummeting foreign currency reserves.
Officials in the Trump administration, including US Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, have criticised China’s infrastructure lending to developing countries, arguing that this has saddled them with unsustainable debt.
“The $57 China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, a series of port and rail improvements associated with China’s One-Belt One-Road infrastructure push, has led to massive imports of Chinese equipment and materials, swelling Pakistan’s current account deficit.”
BEIJING—China’s close watch over its Islamic minority is being extended abroad, as Muslims from some Chinese regions make the Hajj pilgrimage wearing state-issued tracking devices.
The state-run China Islamic Association published photos of Chinese Muslims at the Beijing airport departing for Mecca in Saudi Arabia in recent days wearing customized “smart cards” on blue lanyards around their necks. The devices, which include a GPS tracker and personal data, are designed to ensure the wearer’s safety, according to the association.
Over 3,500 people, mostly Catholics, joined a charity run organized by Indonesia's Jakarta Archdiocese to raise money to build churches in various parts of the country.
The "Run4U" campaign on July 29, one of a number of Church-led fund-raising runs in recent years, offered people the chance to test themselves with a 2.5-kilometer walk or a more grueling 5k run in Tangerang, a city in Banten province some 25km from Jakarta.
Participants included priests, nuns, seminarians, elderly and young and people from other religions.
"Our main purpose is to raise money to help out with the construction of several churches [that are in need of financial support]," Paskah Widarani, one of the organizers, told ucanews.com.
She named St. Leo the Great Parish Church in Jatiwaringin of East Jakarta, St. Nicodemus Parish's pastoral building in Ciputat of South Tangerang — both in Jakarta Archdiocese — and a chapel in St. Aloysius Gonzaga Parish in Pamakayo, East Nusa Tenggara province among the beneficiaries.
Some of the funds will be used to finance a youth formation run by Jakarta's Catholic Charismatic Renewal Ministry, she added.
Paskah was reluctant to disclose the total sum of all the pledges but said each of the participants had contributed at least 200,000 rupiah ($13) each.
Father Antonius Suhardi Antara from Mother Teresa Parish in Cikarang, West Java province, who participated in the mini-marathon, said it was a creative way to motivate people to donate to a good cause.
Sister Vincensa of the Followers of Jesus joined the 2.5km charity walk with several other sisters from her parish. She was impressed by how well organized the affair was, especially the way it drew people together from different faiths.
"It was really outstanding, not just Catholics but non-Catholics, too. We can really feel the spirit of 'unity in diversity'," she said.
Kosmas Bambang Sukamto, a 75-year-old Catholic layman from St. Leo the Great Parish, thanked the organizers for deciding to help support his parish church.
His parish was established in 1992 but construction on the church did not start until 2016 when the local authority granted it a building permit. Parishioners now have to make do with using a hall nearby for their Sunday Mass and other services and activities.
Archbishop Ignatius Suharyo Hardjoatmodjo of Jakarta praised the charity campaign in a video message, describing it as a tool to promote brotherhood among Indonesian people.
BEIJING: Officially recognized faith groups in China are promoting the flying of national flags at religious events amid a push by the ruling Communist Party to extend its ideological control over religious life.
A statement viewed Wednesday on the website of the party's United Front Work Department that oversees such groups says flying the flag would emphasize that the fates of the party, nation and individual are "bound tightly together.''
The officially atheistic party has tightened its grip over the country's five officially recognized religions this year, ordering that Christians, Muslims and others work toward "sinosization.''
KUALA LUMPUR: Controversial preacher Zamihan Mat Zin today agreed to apologise to popular Canadian preacher Abu Ameenah Bilal Philips whom he had labelled as “a supporter of international terrorism” after Philips filed a RM1 million suit against him for slander.
Zamihan, an officer with the Malaysian Islamic Development Department (Jakim), will issue his apology on Facebook.
Philips’ lawyer Meor Amir Meor Omar Baki said his client agreed to withdraw the lawsuit if Zamihan issued an unreserved written apology within the next two days.
“He has to delete his post. He has also agreed to pay an undisclosed sum in damages,” he told reporters when met outside the High Court here.
Philips, who filed the suit against Zamihan in September last year, said in his statement of claim that Zamihan had displayed a photograph of him and a label saying he was a supporter of international terrorism.
Philips – who was once dubbed as one of the 500 most influential Muslims in the world – said the words used to describe him were false, defamatory and baseless, as he believed in promoting peace and rejected acts of terrorism carried out in the name of Islam.
He said Zamihan’s allegation implied he was engaged in terrorism and violence, and that his lectures were designed to achieve that objective.
Philips, who was in court, said Zamihan had admitted to obtaining the wrong information of his activities from the media. He went on to deny any involvement in terrorist activities.
http://www.freemalaysiatoday.com/category/nation/2018/07/31/zamihan-to-apologise-to-canadian-preacher-over-terrorism-claim/
JAKARTA, Indonesia—Indonesia banned the militant group behind Islamic State’s first attack in Southeast Asia and suicide bombings involving children, a move that foreshadows the arrests of hundreds of the group’s members in the world’s largest Muslim-majority nation.
The decision by a Jakarta court Tuesday to outlaw Jemaah Ansharut Daulah follows a crackdown on the group, which police say was responsible for a gun-and-bombs assault at a Starbucks in the capital that left four bystanders dead, along with four attackers, in...
JAKARTA, INDONESIA: Agus Harimurti Yudhoyono, a possible vice-presidential candidate in the country’s 2019 general election, said that Indonesia’s leaders must be chosen “based on capacity, on [their] integrity. Not because of religion, ethnicity or race”.
Mr Agus, the eldest son of former President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono, told the programme Conversation With in a digital exclusive that there is “no problem” with non-Muslims holding high political office in Indonesia.
Mr Agus was a contender in the polarising 2017 race for the governorship of Jakarta – an election campaign that exposed religious and ethnic divisions in the capital of the world’s largest Muslim-majority nation.
Christian candidate and then-Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, commonly known as Ahok, was ultimately beaten in his re-election bid by Muslim academic Anies Baswedan, after hardline Islamic-groups accused Mr Ahok of blasphemy against the Koran.
Mr Agus, who came in third in the polls, cautioned: “We must prevent any kind of efforts to politicise religion, ethnicity or race. We cannot use those issues to attack political rivals.
With more than 170 million Indonesians heading to the polls next April to elect their president and lawmakers, speculation is rife about President Joko Widodo and Opposition leader Prabowo Subianto’s possible vice-presidential running mates.
In March, Mr Agus’s name was floated as the President’s potential running mate, when the former said the Democratic Party – of which Mr Agus is a member - was open to backing Mr Widodo’s re-election.
However, a July 24 meeting between Democratic Party chairman Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and Mr Prabowo makes an alliance with the Gerindra Party appear more likely – meaning that Mr Agus could be the vice-presidential candidate on the opposition ticket instead.
Asked if the Democratic Party would form a coalition with Mr Widodo’s ruling bloc or join the Opposition, Mr Agus demurred. “At the end of the day, we’re not part of the coalition now,” the former army major said.
The sources said that Tahrir al-Sham members have done excavations at the ancient Girls Palace North of the village of al-Dana, plundering its valuable artifacts.
The sources pointed to the vast destruction of the palace, adding that Tahrir al-Sham has smuggled the stolen artifacts to Turkey to sell them there.
The Kurdish-language Hawar news quoted Salahuddin Sino, a member of Afrin Artifact Department, as saying last month that the Turkish army and Ankara-backed militants were looting historical artifacts of Roza Site in the village of Tarmisha in Shih region in Afrin.
He further told Hawar news that the Ankara forces forced the villagers to leave the region and did not allow anyone to return to the region.
Sino said that the Turkish forces embarked on excavation operation in the entire historical areas in Roza Site and stole valuable artifacts.
Sino further pointed to the destruction of tens of historical sites in Afrin, adding that the army destroyed has fifty percent of Tal Ayndara Temple, which is one of the most important historical sites in Afrin listed in the UNESCO list, in the early days of aggression against the Kurds in Northwestern Aleppo.
In the meantime, local sources reported that Turkey-backed militants captured a sum of ten civilians in the villages of Shirawa region in Afrin and asked their families to pay $1,000 for their release.
The sources said that the Ankara-backed militants have arrested almost 1,000 civilians in the town of Afrin and in the villages and districts near the town to earn a large amount of money as their ransom.
The sources went on to say that the Turkish troops and their allied militants have been arresting civilians accusing them of connections to the Kurdish militias, adding that the captured civilians have been tortured.
The sources added that more than half of the captured civilians have been released after their families paid a hefty amount of money to the Ankara-backed militants as bribe.
The Ankara-backed militants have forced Afrin residents to pay tax and set up checkpoints along al-Bastouleh road to receive toll from vehicles.
The Kurdish-language Hawar news reported on Friday that members of Albu Banah tribe and militants of the Turkey-backed Ahrar al-Sham clashed fiercely in al-Ashrafiyeh neighborhood in Afrin, leaving at least three gunmen dead.
An extremist group has released videos of a Japanese journalist and an Italian man held captive in Syria in which they appeal for their release, US-based monitors said Tuesday.
The two men -- Japanese freelance journalist Jumpei Yasuda and Italian national Alessandro Sandrini -- appear in two separate videos that are nonetheless similar in their staging and were released by the SITE group, which tracks white supremacist and extremist organizations.
Both men are shown kneeling in front of a wall wearing orange jumpsuits while armed men dressed head-to-toe in black stand behind them.
Jumpei is thought to have been abducted by the Al-Nusra Front, a former Al-Qaeda affiliate, in northern Syria in 2015.
He identifies himself as Korean in the video but speaks Japanese, giving the recording date as July 25, stating that he is in a bad situation and asking for help.
Sandrini gives a different date, July 19, and says that it is his last request to the Italian government.
https://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2018/08/01/Videos-released-of-Japanese-Italian-captives-in-Syria-.html
The United Nations human rights office has called on Saudi Arabia to release all peaceful activists as Riyadh continues its heavy-handed crackdown on dissent.
Ravina Shamdasani, spokeswoman of the UN rights office, during a press briefing in the Swiss city of Geneva on Tuesday demanded the immediate release of all rights advocates, including women held for campaigning to lift a long-time ban on driving.
"We urge the government of Saudi Arabia to unconditionally release all human rights defenders and activists who have been detained for their peaceful human rights work, including their decades-long campaigns for the lifting of the driving ban for women," Shamdasani said.
“Dissent, criticism of the government is still not accepted in the country. That can explain why many of these human rights defenders and activists have been jailed. All of them have criticized government policies in one way or another,” she added.
According to the rights office, at least 15 government critics have been arrested since mid-May, the whereabouts of some are unknown amid a serious lack of transparency in the processing of their cases.
Prominent women's rights advocate Hatoon al-Fassi was one of the 15 people. She was arrested in June as she was planning to take journalists in her car to celebrate the removal of the ban on female drivers.
In July, Saudi Arabia took into custody a prominent Muslim scholar, Sheikh Safar al-Hawali, known for his opposition to some of the kingdom’s policies and the presence of American troops on the Saudi soil.
International human rights groups have long urged the kingdom to improve its treatment of rights advocates. In early June, the European Parliament issued a resolution calling for their unconditional release.
Most of the detainees are prominent figures who enjoy considerable respect among the grass roots, including university professors.
BEIRUT: The Syrian regime regained control of the frontier with the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights for the first time in seven years on Monday, after Daesh-linked militants gave up their last pocket of territory in the area.
The breakthrough against the militants, reported by state media and an opposition-linked war-monitoring group, capped a six-week-long campaign to retake the southwest corner of the country.
Opposition captured the area along the Golan Heights after a popular uprising broke out against Bashar Assad in 2011. A Daesh-linked outfit known as the Khaled bin Al-Waleed Army later seized the area from the opposition fighters.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the militants surrendered control of the Yarmouk Basin in southwestern Syria on Monday.
The regime-affiliated Central Military Media outlet said Syria’s military secured the length of the Golan Heights frontier.
Israel seized the Golan Heights in the 1967 Mideast war and later annexed it in a move not recognized internationally.
UN peacekeeping forces first deployed along the frontier in 1974 to separate Syrian and Israeli forces.
Israel has largely kept to the sidelines of the Syrian civil war, but has said it will not allow Iran or the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah to establish a permanent military presence near the frontier. Both are allied with Assad and have provided crucial military support to his forces.
Syrian regime forces pressed ahead with their offensive despite threats by Daesh to kill civilians it recently captured in a nearby province.
The extremists abducted around 18 people, mostly women, in a wave of attacks in the nearby province of Sweida last Wednesday that killed more than 200 people.
On Saturday, the group released a hostage video of a woman saying she was being held along with other women from Sweida. The woman said she would be freed if the regime halted its offensive against the militants and released Daesh detainees. She said she was being threatened with death if the regime pressed its offensive.
The Sweida 24, an activist collective in Sweida, said Daesh sent the photos of 14 women they are holding to their relatives, saying they want to negotiate over them.
Sweida 24 said Daesh is believed to be holding 30 people, including 20 women whose ages range between 18 and 60. It said Daesh is also believed to be holding 16 young boys and girls.
The activist group said the bodies of two women were found near the village of Shabki, a focus of Wednesday’s attack. One had been shot in the head and the other, an elderly woman, apparently died of exhaustion. Four other women were found alive hiding in a cave, it said.
Those abducted are members of the minority Druze sect. Daesh has been driven from virtually all the territory it once controlled in Syria and Iraq, but holds scattered pockets in southern Syria and along the border.
JEDDAH: The King Faisal Center for Research and Islamic Studies has signed a cooperation agreement with the Amazon Kindle
The center has signed the agreement with the international e-commerce company to post books and studies from the KFCRIS on Amazon Kindle e-reader website.
The publications will be available on Kindle application on mobile devices such as iPad, iPhone, Android devices and other application stores.
KFCRIS Secretary General Dr. Suood Al-Sarhan said that this step reflects the center’s keenness to spread cultural, literary and scientific Islamic and Arab heritage via this electronic platform, which began supporting Arabic books recently.
DUBAI: Egyptian security forces killed five terrorists and arrested five more after clashes erupted in Al-Qalyubia and Cairo provinces, the country’s interior ministry announced on Wednesday, Saudi state-news channel Al-Ekhbariya reported.
The terrorists were identified as being part of the “Hams” group, known for plotting attacks across the country, the ministry’s statement read.
At least eighteen people including three assailants were killed and at least fifteen others sustained injuries as the standoff ended in Jalalabad city, the provincial capital of eastern Nangarhar province of Afghanistan.
The provincial government media office in a statement said the attack was launched at around 12pm local time on the provincial Refugees directorate in the vicinity of the third police district of the city.
The statement further added that the attack was launched at a time when a meeting was underway to explore ways to assist with the internally displaced families and those who have repatriated to Afghanistan.
According to the provincial government, a group of three militants launched the attack with one of them initially detonating a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device near the compound and two others resisting the security forces for at least five hours.
At least fifteen people including a policeman and woman lost their lives in the attack, three assaialants were killed and at least fifteen others sustained injuries, the provincial government added.
The governor’s office in its statement also added that nine of the wounded individuals were discharged after receiving first medical aid and information the identities of thirteen others will be disclosed later.
A meeting between a senior US diplomat and Taliban representatives in Doha last week to discuss a possible ceasefire ended with “very positive signals” and a decision to hold more meetings, people with knowledge of the talks said on Sunday.
The meeting between a delegation led by Alice Wells, deputy assistant secretary in the State Department’s Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, and Taliban representatives was first reported in The Wall Street Journal but has not been officially confirmed.
According to one Taliban official, who said he was part of a four-member delegation, there were “very positive signals” from the meeting, which he said was conducted in a “friendly atmosphere” in a Doha hotel.
“You can’t call it peace talks,” he said. “These are a series of meetings for initiating formal and purposeful talks. We agreed to meet again soon and resolve the Afghan conflict through dialogue.”
He said the talks had been held without the presence of Afghan government officials at the insistence of the Taliban.
The move comes as the Afghan government and the United States have stepped up efforts to end the 17 year-war in Afghanistan following the unprecedented three-day truce during last month’s Eid-ul-Fitr holiday.
The truce, which saw unarmed Taliban fighters mingling with soldiers on the streets of Kabul and other cities, offered the first concrete vision of a peace settlement since an earlier attempt at peace talks broke down in 2015.
Although the Taliban refused an offer by President Ashraf Ghani to extend the Eid ceasefire, behind-the-scenes contacts have continued and the government has said it is considering another ceasefire during next month’s Eid-al Qurban holiday.
As hopes of possible formal negotiations have risen, the United States has agreed to participate directly in the talks, although it insists the process will remain under Afghan leadership.
The Taliban official said the talks took place with the approval of the leadership council. The two sides had discussed proposals to allow the Taliban free movement in two provinces where they would not be attacked, an idea that President Ashraf Ghani has already rejected. They also discussed Taliban participation in the Afghan government.
“The only demand they made was to allow their military bases in Afghanistan,” said the Taliban official.
The meeting in Doha, where the Taliban maintains a political office, followed two earlier meetings between US officials and Taliban representatives in recent months, the sources said.
“We have held three meetings with the US and we reached a conclusion to continue talks for meaningful negotiations,” said a second Taliban official.
He said they would first exchange prisoners and then discuss other issues that could restore peace to Afghanistan.
“However, our delegation made it clear to them that peace can only be restored to Afghanistan when all foreign forces are withdrawn,” he said.
Another person with knowledge of the talks said the United States had pressed the Taliban side to accept the ceasefire offer for Eid-ul Adha, often known in Afghanistan as Eid-al Qurban, which this year starts on Aug 22.
“So a long-term ceasefire is expected on Eid-ul Adha,” the person said. “Both sides agreed upon the continuation of the meetings and talks and another meeting is expected before Eid, but the exact time and place is not clear yet.”
The State Department confirmed that Wells had visited Doha but has said only that she met Qatar government officials, including the deputy prime minister, to talk about their contributions to the situation in Afghanistan.
Asked about talks with the Taliban, a State Department spokesman referred to a July 9 comment from Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, that the United States would “support, facilitate, and participate in these peace discussions, but peace must be decided by the Afghans and settled among them.”
These young volunteers are part of an MSF outreach team for sexual and gender-based violence (SGBV). They spend their days going door to door across the massive Rohingya refugee settlements in southern Bangladesh, gathering small groups of women to talk about sexual violence and the care available for survivors.
“After rape, come within three days for medicine,” sing the volunteers. “MSF offers free treatment and is also confidential.” They tell women that when they come to the clinic, they can point to a printed symbol or use code words for rape to avoid stigma or unwanted attention.
The Rohingya are a predominantly Muslim ethnic minority who have lived in Myanmar for hundreds of years and have endured persistent discrimination and abuse. Following a massive campaign of targeted violence against the community that began on August 25, 2017, more than 693,000 Rohingya refugees fled across the border to Bangladesh. They joined thousands of other Rohingya refugees already living in Bangladesh in squalid makeshift settlements after earlier cycles of violence and mass displacement.
Health surveys conducted by MSF teams in Balukhali and Kutupalong makeshift settlements—the two largest settlements in Cox’s Bazar—indicate that at least 6,700 people, 730 of whom were under the age of five, were killed within the first month of “clearance operations” launched by Myanmar security forces. Our patients have described widespread violence, including sexual violence.
The challenge with treating these particular women and girls was how brutal their experiences had been.
“The challenge with treating these particular women and girls was how brutal their experiences had been,” said Aerlyn Pfeil, a midwife and MSF-USA board member who helped expand the program in Cox’s Bazar to treat survivors of sexual violence last October. “A lot of gang rape, a lot of public rape, some girls who were taken for days and assaulted, often [repeatedly].”
Rashida, a 25-year old Rohingya woman, cried as she recalled the day her village was attacked by soldiers. “They made us stand all night, until dawn,” she said. Rashida tried to escape along with a group of women, but they were recaptured by the soldiers. “They killed my beloved son right in front of me. Then they closed the door and dishonored me…. [They] started slashing our bodies with knives.” Rashida survived by laying still among the bodies.
Even before the latest crisis, Rohingya women and girls were frequent targets of sexual violence in Myanmar. During the 2016 military campaign that forced tens of thousands to flee, many women sought care for sexual violence in MSF’s Kutupalong clinic in Bangladesh.
A number of them had been raped several months prior to seeking care. “[Even] before this, the military would often come and take women. Many women disappeared,” said a woman from Buthidaung township. “They raped them in the mountains or in the jungle, or took the women to their camp . . .We were always afraid.”
“Most of the women I speak with in the community don’t understand that violence requires medical attention,” said Zulia, a volunteer working with MSF pictured here. Once they reached the refugee settlements in Bangladesh, many Rohingya women delayed seeking care for a variety of reasons, including lack of knowledge about the medical consequences of sexual violence, cultural stigma, and all the pressures of daily survival.
“Violence is a historical reality for a lot of Rohingya women,” said Siobhan O’Malley, MSF midwife. “People don’t necessarily think that sexual violence is something you would seek care for unless there is a physical injury—or months afterward, when they discover they are pregnant.”
MSF medical care for survivors of sexual violence covers testing for and preventive treatment against sexually transmitted infections, menstrual regulation, and psychosocial care, as well as vaccinations for tetanus and hepatitis B. However, some medicines, such as emergency contraception and post-exposure prophylaxis for the prevention of HIV, must be given in the first 72 hours to be effective.
Prior to the latest emergency, MSF psychologist Cynthia Scott was working in Kutupalong camp counseling the Rohingya and in the capital, Dhaka, working with Bangladeshi survivors of sexual and intimate partner violence. Following the August influx, she stayed in Kutupalong full-time to help respond to the growing emergency.
“At the beginning, Rohingya women were not coming for sexual violence,” she said. “People were just focused on finding food, water, and shelter.”
During the early days of the emergency, Scott and her team at the Kutupalong hospital would only see the most vulnerable Rohingya women brought in—those with disabilities; those found in ditches or on the side of the road.
“One woman didn’t know who she was,” said Scott. “We could tell she had been beaten, so we just sat with her for a few days until she could speak.”
Later, patients would come in ostensibly seeking care for physical ailments such as body pains and headaches.
“That’s one of the benefits of integrating mental health programs in medical settings,” she said. “We can do psychosocial education in the waiting room.” MSF counselors, all of whom are Bangladeshi, hand out water and biscuits in the waiting room and explain common trauma symptoms. One day, two women at the clinic suddenly started crying. A counselor sat next to them and asked if they wanted to talk; both women were survivors of sexual violence.
“We call the center ‘shanti khana,’ which translates to a place of peace,” said Scott. If they notice anyone in distress, the MSF triage nurses will ask the patient if they would like to go to the place of peace, a name that helps reassure women and avoid stigma.
The SGBV outreach team often starts the group sessions with a story about sexual abuse or assault that then leads into a conversation about the health care provided by MSF, including the safe termination of pregnancy.
“For Rohingya women pregnancy outside of marriage is not just frowned upon, it is impossible,” said Liza Ramlow, midwife supervisor at MSF’s hospital in Balukhali settlement. “It is a tremendous violence that happens to women and can have serious consequences.”
In Myanmar, the Rohingya were often denied access to public health care, so women and girls typically fend for themselves. They seek advice from traditional healers or buy medicines from the camp themselves to end an unwanted pregnancy. “We see a lot of incomplete, septic abortions,” said O’Malley, the midwife supervisor. Patients come into the clinic hemorrhaging, extremely sick, and for MSF’s midwives it’s a race against time to save their lives. “Girls take matters into their own hands because they feel that is their only option.”
The leaders of Jamiat Islami met with the Chief Executive of the Government of National Unity in Kabul to hold talks regarding some key national issues.
The Chief Executive of Jamiat Islami Ata Mohammad Noor in a statement said the members of the leadership council of the party hosted a meeting in Kabul last night and was attended by Chief Executive Abdullah Abdullah as well.
He said the meeting focused on the situation of the country as well as the upcoming parliamentary, districts councils, and presidential elections.
According to Noor, the participants of the meeting also held talks regarding the possible vote rigging during the upcoming elections, the Grand National Coalition and its objectives and future plans as well as the merger of other coalitions with the National Grand Coalition.
This comes as less than three months are left for the parliamentary and districts councils elections.
On the other hand, sources close to the Independent Election Commission said Tuesday that the date for the presidential elections has also been set by the commission.
Rights groups say Myanmar's new commission to probe abuses against the Rohingya in Rakhine State is the start of a cover-up and designed to muddy the waters rather than hold perpetrators accountable for crimes.
Phil Robertson, deputy Asia director for Human Rights Watch, said Myanmar is still playing games and trying to divert attention from the forthcoming fact-finding mission mandated by the United Nations Human Rights Council report that will be presented in September in Geneva.
"This all looks like a new phase in Myanmar's efforts to obstruct international justice for Tatmadaw [military] and police commanders and troops who committed ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity against the Rohingya in northern Rakhine," Robertson told ucanews.com.
Myanmar has established a commission with two international and two local members to be led by Rosario Manalo, a former deputy foreign minister of the Philippines and a representative of the Philippines to the U.N. Convention on the Elimination of all Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Kenzo Oshima, a former permanent representative to the U.N. for Japan, is another member of the commission. The two locals are Mya Thein, a former chair of Myanmar's Constitutional Tribunal, and Aung Tun Thet, a former senior official at UNICEF.
"Myanmar has established an independent commission of inquiry as part of its national initiative to address reconciliation, peace, stability and development in Rakhine," said the president's office announcement on July 30.
Robertson said Manolo has played the "go along to get along" game in ASEAN for years, especially on the ASEAN Intergovernmental Commission on Human Rights, where he claimed she was more interested in playing politics than protecting rights.
She was the primary mover behind an ill-advised campaign for ASEAN to draft its own human rights conventions, which would have undermined international human rights standards in a fundamental way, he said.
Robertson said Aung Tun Thet has proved to be clearly biased and is entirely inappropriate for this role. He served on the 2016 national investigation that refuted the U.N. Human Rights Council's report in February 2016. He has frequently spoken out to deny that any ethnic cleansing or crimes have taken place in Rakhine State, according to Robertson.
More than 700,000 Rohingya were forced to flee their homes in northern Rakhine after Myanmar's military crackdown followed attacks by the Arakan Rohingya Salvation Army on police posts last August.
Aye Lwin, a Muslim leader and a member of the Kofi Annan-led Rakhine Advisory Commission, said the commission is a positive step in tackling rights abuses in Rakhine.
"Whenever problems occur, we need commissions to solve them. But it is early to evaluate the performance of this commission," Aye Lwin told ucanews.com.
He said Annan's commission had given suggestions and the government is implementing some of its recommendations, especially for road and development projects.
"But many things need to be implemented, especially [to change] attitudes and distrust between the two communities and tackling hate speech and fake news," Aye Lwin said.
In June, the Myanmar government's proposal to establish a commission with international members drew strong criticism from military lawmakers, the military-linked Union Solidarity and Development Party and Rakhine politicians who claimed it would affect Myanmar's sovereignty.
Pe Than, a Lower-House MP for the Arakan National Party in Rakhine, said the government was attempting to reduce pressure from the international community.
Various human rights activists and observers have roundly denounced Myanmar’s decision to appoint a commission of inquiry into widespread human rights abuses perpetrated with the state’s own backing and with the military’s direct participation against the Rohingya Muslim community.
The Myanmarese government said on Monday that it had established a new “independent” commission to investigate the “allegations” of human rights abuses in Rakhine State — where the Rohingya had been primarily located — despite the mountain of evidence indicating “systematic ethnic cleansing” against the minority Muslims.
Rakhine first came under a military crackdown in late 2016, when the government laid siege to the state and blocked media access. Nevertheless, reports slowly began to emerge of horrific violence committed against the Muslim community. Accounts of killings, beheadings, arson attacks, and rapes by Myanmarese government soldiers and Buddhist mobs leaked out as many Rohingya Muslims began to flee in August last year.
Tens of thousands of the Muslims are now living in crowded, squalid camps in neighboring Bangladesh, where international medics have verified that wounds on the bodies of the Muslim survivors of the violence correspond with their accounts of brutal violence, including, in some cases, rape with sharp objects.
The government has previously established other inquiries — only to conclude that no violations had taken place.
The new body includes, among others, senior adviser to Myanmar’s president, Aung Tun Thet; the former chair of Myanmar’s constitutional tribunal U Mya Thein; former Philippine deputy foreign minister Rosario Manalo; and Japan’s former UN representative Kenzo Oshima.
The government did not provide further information, including about the commission’s powers or the time frame it has been given to complete a potential report.
Sean Bain, a legal adviser to the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ), has criticized the appointments.
Such commissions, he wrote on Twitter, “tend to be ad hoc, rarely if ever lead to prosecution & fail to provide redress. Impunity results, undermining justice & emboldening perpetrators.”
“Given the weight of evidence collected by Amnesty International, the UN and the media, this CoI (Commission of Inquiry) is tantamount to a rude gesture, not a genuine inquiry,” he said, adding that the move could only “collide with a military covering up ethnic cleansing.”
Human Rights Watch Myanmar researcher Rich Weir said the country would use the new body as “distractions and shields from criticism and pressure,” as it did with the previous such inquiries.
A coordinator for the London-based Free Rohingya Coalition, Nay San Lwin, said Myanmar had been forming inquiry, investigation, and advisory commissions since 2012, none of which “found any solution for the Rohingya, but mostly advocated for the government and military.”
He said the former Advisory Commission on Rakhine, led by former UN secretary general Kofi Annan, “only advised.”
Other state-run commissions also claimed the military had not committed any crimes against the Rohingya people, Lwin said.
One of the members of the new commission, Aung Tun Thet, has already denied ethnic cleansing charges. This is while the United Nations has effectively confirmed such cleansing has occurred. The UN has said “acts of genocide” have also most likely been perpetrated against the Rohingya people.
Senior Iranian officials on Tuesday rejected US President Donald Trump’s offer of talks without preconditions as worthless and “a humiliation” after he acted to re-impose sanctions on Tehran following his withdrawal from a landmark nuclear deal.
Separately, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said Trump’s repudiation of the accord reached in 2015 was “illegal” and Iran would not easily yield to Washington’s renewed campaign to strangle Iran’s vital oil exports.
In May, Trump pulled the United States out of the multilateral deal concluded before he took office, denouncing it as one-sided in Iran’s favor. On Monday, he declared that he would be willing to meet Rouhani without preconditions to discuss how to improve relations.
The head of Iran’s Strategic Council on Foreign Relations said on Tuesday Tehran saw no worth in Trump’s offer, made only a week after he warned Iran it risked dire consequences few had ever suffered in history if it made threats against Washington.
“Based on our bad experiences in negotiations with America and based on US officials’ violation of their commitments, it is natural that we see no value in his proposal,” Kamal Kharrazi was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars news agency.
“Trump should first make up for his withdrawal from the nuclear deal and show that he respects his predecessors’ commitments and international law,” added Kharrazi, a former foreign minister. The council was set up by Iranian Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to help formulate long-term policies for the Islamic Republic.
Trump’s move to force Iran into fresh negotiations has for now reunited Iranian hardliners who opposed the nuclear deal and moderates like Rouhani who championed it to end the Islamic Republic’s economically crippling stand-off with Western powers.
Ali Motahari, the deputy speaker of Iran’s parliament who is seen as part of Iran’s moderate camp, said that to negotiate with Trump now “would be a humiliation”. “If Trump had not withdrawn from the nuclear deal and not imposed (new) sanctions on Iran, there would be no problem with negotiations with America,” he told state news agency IRNA.
Iran’s interior minister chimed in that Tehran did not trust Washington as a negotiating partner. “The United States is not trustworthy. How can we trust this country when it withdraws unilaterally from the nuclear deal?” Abdolreza Rahmani Fazli was quoted as saying by the semi-official Fars news agency.
A senior aide to Rouhani said the only way back to talks was for Washington to return to the nuclear agreement. “Respecting the Iranian nation’s rights, reducing hostilities and returning to the nuclear deal are steps that can be taken to pave the bumpy road of talks between Iran and America,” Hamid Aboutalebi tweeted on Tuesday.
Under the 2015 deal, the fruit of Rouhani’s efforts to ease Iran’s international isolation to help revive its economy, Iran curbed its shadowy nuclear program and won relief from UN and Western sanctions in return.
Trump condemned the deal in part because it did not cover Iran’s ballistic missile program and involvement in Middle East conflicts. He reactivated US sanctions, the most all-encompassing measures against Iran, and warned countries to stop importing Iranian oil from Nov. 4 or risk US penalties.
The three major European signatories to the 2015 deal have been searching for ways to salvage it but cautioned Tehran that they may not be able to persuade many major investors not to bolt from business with Iran to avoid US punishment.
Rouhani said during a meeting with Britain’s ambassador on Tuesday that after what he called the “illegal” US withdrawal from the nuclear deal, “the ball is in Europe’s court now”. He added, “The Islamic Republic has never sought tension in the region and does not want any trouble in global waterways, but it will not easily give up on its rights to export oil.”
Rouhani and some senior military commanders have said Iran could disrupt oil shipments from Gulf states through the Strait of Hormuz if Washington tries to choke off Iranian oil exports. Reiterating Tehran’s official stance, Iranian Navy Commander Rear Admiral Hossein Khanzadi was quoted as saying by Tasnim news agency on Tuesday that the strait would remain open “if Iran’s national interests are preserved”.
Iran, Russia and Turkey, as guarantor states for a peace process in Syria, have expressed their firm determination to counter any plot aimed at partitioning the Arab country.
Russian Special Envoy for Syria Alexander Lavrentiev made the remarks while reading a joint statement issued by representatives of the three countries on Tuesday at the end of the tenth round of the two-day International Meeting on Syria in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
"The Islamic Republic of Iran, the Russian Federation and the Republic of Turkey confirmed their strong adherence to the sovereignty, independence, unity, and territorial integrity of Syria," Lavrentiev said.
He added that the sides reaffirmed their determination to continue the combat against terrorism in Syria in order to completely eradicate terrorist groups, including Daesh and al-Nusra Front, and other people, groups, companies and organizations relating to al-Qaeda or Daesh and which the UN Security Council recognizes as such.
The Russian diplomat said the parties would continue to make joint efforts to promote a process of political settlement which is led and implemented by Syrians themselves in order to establish conditions that facilitate the early work of a constitutional committee in Geneva.
Iran, Turkey and Russia called on the international community, especially the UN and its humanitarian agencies, to increase assistance to Syria, restore life support facilities and social-economic infrastructure as well as preserve historic heritage, Lavrentiev added.
He noted that the three countries started discussions in coordination with the international community, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and other related international organizations in order to establish due conditions for the early voluntary and safe return of internally displaced people and refugees to their homes in Syria.
The Russian envoy said Tehran, Moscow and Ankara would make joint efforts in order to strengthen trust between conflicting sides in Syria, including in a framework of the working group on the release of detainees/abductees and handover of bodies, as well as the identification of missing persons with the participation of UN experts and the International Committee of the Red Cross.
Lavrentiev further added, "The parties have decided to hold the next international high-level meeting on Syria in November 2018."
The UN peace envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, also said on Tuesday that he plans to host Iran, Russia and Turkey for talks in September on finalizing a committee to write a new Syrian constitution.
"The special envoy looks forward to holding formal consultations with the Islamic Republic of Iran, the Russian Federation and the Republic of Turkey, very early in September in Geneva, in order to begin to finalize the constitutional committee," de Mistura's office said in a statement.
Turkey, Iran and Russia are the guarantors of a countrywide ceasefire in Syria. The three have been mediating a peace process since January 2016 among Syria’s warring sides in Astana, Kazakhstan.
Syria has been gripped by foreign-backed militancy since March 2011. The Syrian government says the Israeli regime and its Western and regional allies are aiding Takfiri terrorist groups wreaking havoc in the country.
DUBAI: Yemen’s army, backed by the Arab coalition, liberated strategic positions in Nahm province on Wednesday, east of Sanaa, amid major clashes with the Houthi militia, Saudi state-news channel Al-Ekhbariya reported.
In a statement issued by the Yemeni Armed Forces media center, a military source revealed that the liberation took place in the early hours of Wednesday morning, with 17 militants killed and a number of military equipment destroyed.
US President Donald Trump said on Monday he would be willing to meet Iran’s leader without preconditions to discuss how to improve ties after he pulled the United States out of the 2015 Iran nuclear deal, saying, “If they want to meet, we’ll meet.”
“I’d meet with anybody. I believe in meetings,” especially in cases where war is at stake, Trump said at a White House news conference when asked whether he was willing to meet with Iranian President Hassan Rowhani.
In response, Iran said the way back to talks was for the United States to return to the nuclear deal between Iran and six major powers that Trump exited in May.
“Respecting the Iranian nation’s rights, reducing hostilities and returning to the nuclear deal are steps that can be taken to pave the bumpy road of talks between Iran and America,” Hamid Aboutalebi, an adviser to Rouhani, tweeted on Tuesday.
Washington aims to force Tehran to end its nuclear program and its support of militant groups in the Middle East, where Iran is involved in proxy wars from Yemen to Syria.
Iran and other signatories have been working to find a way to salvage the nuclear agreement, even as the United States has begun reimposing some sanctions on Iran.
No US president has met with an Iranian leader since the Washington cut diplomatic relations with Tehran a year after the 1979 revolution that toppled the shah, a US ally. President Barack Obama broke a three-decade freeze with a phone call to Rowhani in 2013.
The White House clarified that Trump’s potential willingness to meet with his Iranian counterpart does not change his administration’s intent to ratchet up sanctions and rhetoric against Tehran with the stated goal of “seeking changes in the Iranian government’s behavior.”
But Trump’s remarks did represent a marked softening of tone from a week ago, when he lashed out at Rowhani in a tweet, saying “Never, ever threaten the United States again or you will suffer consequences the likes of which few throughout history have ever suffered before.”
Shortly before that July 22 tweet, Rouhani had addressed Trump in a speech, saying that hostile US policies could lead to “the mother of all wars”.
On Monday, speaking at a news conference with visiting Italian Prime Minister Giuseppe Conte, Trump said: “I would certainly meet with Iran if they wanted to meet. I don’t know that they’re ready yet. I ended the Iran deal. It was a ridiculous deal. I do believe that they will probably end up wanting to meet and I’m ready to meet any time that they want to.”
Trump said he had “no preconditions” for a meeting with the Iranians, adding: “If they want to meet, I’ll meet.”
The White House said that even though the president “is open to dialogue and negotiation,” it did not mean the United States would lift sanctions or re-establish diplomatic and commercial relations.
https://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/middle-east/2018/07/31/Trump-says-willing-to-meet-with-Iran-leaders-any-time-.html
Iranian Foreign Ministry Spokesman Bahram Qassemi has slammed a terrorist attack in Tajikistan that killed four Western tourists, expressing Tehran's readiness to help Dushanbe investigate the incident.
"We condemn any act of terror in different parts of the world, including the recent incident against foreign tourists in Tajikistan," Qassemi said on Tuesday.
"The Islamic Republic of Iran strongly denies any link with this incident and the existence of any base inside its territory for training [terrorists to carry out] acts of sabotage," the Iranian spokesperson said.
Iran is also ready to cooperate with Tajik authorities to investigate all aspects of the terrorist attack, he added.
Two Americans, a Dutch and a Swiss citizen were killed Sunday about 100 kilometers (60 miles) from Dushanbe after being struck by a car and attacked on a popular cycling route. The Daesh terrorist group on Monday claimed responsibility for the attack. After the crash, the attackers also stabbed their victims.
Tajikistan's security forces killed four suspected attackers on Monday and detained one. In a statement on Tuesday, the interior ministry said it had detained four more suspects and claimed that the attackers’ leader had been trained in Iran.
Qassemi dismissed such baseless and unfounded allegations, saying that the claims are detrimental to cordial relations between Iran and Tajikistan.
He expressed hope that the two countries would strengthen relations and would not allow enemies to damage ties by raising such issues.
Norway’s Foreign Ministry calls on the regime in Israel to explain the legal grounds on which it seized a Norwegian-flagged boat taking humanitarian aid supplies to the Tel Aviv-blockaded Gaza Strip.
“We have asked the Israeli authorities to clarify the circumstances around the seizure of the vessel and the legal basis for the intervention,” a ministry spokesman said on Tuesday, Reuters reported.
The Israeli navy intercepted the vessel al-Awda (Return) some 60 nautical miles off the coast in international waters on Sunday.
The captain was struck on the head by the forces, who had ordered him to sail to the coastline of the Israeli-occupied territories instead, said Torstein Dahle, the head of Ship to Gaza Norway, which had organized the trip.
The ministry said that its diplomatic mission in Israel was trying to secure the release of five Norwegians who were sailing on board the vessel among 22 others. Two Israelis on board were, however, quickly released.
Dahle said al-Awda was the first Norwegian aid vessel to try to break Israel’s siege of the territory that has been in place since 2007.
The intercepted vessel is one of four ships that make up Freedom Flotilla, an international coalition seeking to take aid to Gaza despite the siege.
In May 2010, an Israeli raid on a similar flotilla, comprising six civilian ships, killed 10 Turkish activists in the high seas. The incident outraged the international community.
Yemen’s Houthi Ansarullah movement has unilaterally suspended its retaliatory attacks in the Red Sea, from where Saudi-led warships have been targeting the war-torn state, especially its strategic port city of Hudaydah.
In a statement released on Tuesday, the Houthi-run Supreme Revolutionary Committee (SRC) said the two-week suspension was meant to support efforts aimed at resolving the Yemeni conflict.
“The unilateral halt in naval military operations will be for a limited time period and could be extended and include all fronts if this move is reciprocated by the leadership of the [Saudi-led] coalition,” SRC head Mohammed Ali al-Houthi said.
The announcement comes less than a week after Saudi Arabia temporarily suspended all oil shipments through the Bab el-Mandeb Strait, the southern entrance to the Red Sea.
Riyadh’s move followed Yemeni retaliatory attacks on the Saudi Dammam frigate off the western coast of Yemen and a coalition boat off the coast of el-Durayhmi in southern Hudaydah, which the Saudi-led coalition and their allied militants have been seeking to seize in a weeks-long military push.
However, Saudi Arabia claimed that Houthi fighters had attacked two oil tankers in the Red Sea, and thus it had decided to halt oil shipments via Bab el-Mandeb until the waterway was safe.
Elsewhere in his statement, Houthi complained that as a result of the Saudi-led aggression and siege of Yemen, people are suffering from the worst humanitarian crisis in the world.
The halt to retaliatory attacks in the Red Sea is aimed at “preserving the Yemeni bloods and in response to the regional and international moves and efforts aiming to bring peace,” he noted.
Additionally on Tuesday, a Yemeni Defense Ministry official confirmed that the Houthis were halting naval operations for two weeks, starting at midnight (2000 GMT) on August 1.
“We welcome any initiative to spare bloodshed and stop aggression against Yemen,” the official said in a statement carried by Yemen’s official SABA news agency.
Over the past weeks, the UN special envoy to Yemen Martin Griffiths has been shuttling between the warring parties to help stop the Saudi-led offensive on Yemen’s Red Sea port city of Hudaydah, which the world body says could lead to a humanitarian catastrophe.
Saudi Arabia and its allies launched the war in March 2015 in support of Yemen’s former Riyadh-friendly government and against the Houthis.
Several Western countries have been supplying Saudi Arabia with advanced weapons and military equipment.
Yemeni forces regularly target positions inside Saudi Arabia and fire rockets at the coalition’s battleships in retaliatory attacks against the Riyadh-led military operation on Yemen.
At least four civilians have been killed when Saudi military aircraft carried out airstrikes against an area in Yemen’s strategic western coastal province of Hudaydah as the Riyadh regime presses ahead with its atrocious bombardment campaign against its southern neighbor.
Saudi fighter jets conducted aerial assaults against the Office of Agricultural Extension in the al-Durayhimi district of the province on Tuesday afternoon, leaving four people dead and two others injured, unnamed local sources told Yemen’s Arabic-language al-Masirah television network.
Earlier in the day, Saudi warplanes targeted a residential building in Bani Sa’ad area of the al-Dhaher district in the mountainous northwestern province of Sa’ada. There were no immediate reports about possible casualties and the extent of damage caused. Separately, scores of Saudi-backed militiamen loyal to resigned president Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi were killed when a powerful bomb explosion ripped through their military vehicle in Hudaydah province.
A Yemeni military source, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Yemeni army soldiers, supported by fighters from allied Popular Committees, detonated a roadside bomb as the vehicle was travelling along a road in the al-Faazeh area.
Meanwhile, Yemeni officials say a prominent politician, his son and two other people have sustained injuries in roadside bombing in the southern port city of Aden.
The officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the assassination attempt targeted Aref Ahmed Ali of the Salafist Islah Party in Maala neighborhood of the city, situated 346 kilometers (214 miles) south of the capital Sana’a.
The bomb came only two days after unknown gunmen fatally shot Colonel Nasser Makireh al-Jaadani, an intelligence official at the Aden airport in front of Ba Janid Mosque in the central Khor Mukasar district of Aden.
The assassination came as the city of Aden has been recently witnessing a growing number of assassinations of security officials and Muslim preachers.
The Yemeni Ministry of Human Rights announced in a statement on March 25 that the Saudi-led war had left some 600,000 civilians dead and injured since March 2015.
The United Nations says a record 22.2 million Yemenis are in need of food aid, including 8.4 million threatened by severe hunger.
A high-ranking UN aid official has warned against the “catastrophic” living conditions in Yemen, stating that there is a growing risk of famine and cholera there.
A pressure group, Bring Back Our Girls (BBOG), has asked the federal government to stop the secret burial of soldiers killed on the battlefield.
In a statement signed by its leaders, Oby Ezekwesili, Aisha Yesufu and Florence Ozor, the group made this call while reacting to photos of mass burial of some fallen soldiers days after the Nigerian military denied its soldiers were attacked.
PREMIUM TIMES had reported how the Nigerian military denied that about 23 soldiers and eight trucks went missing after the troops suffered an ambush attack by Boko Haram gunmen in Bama local government area of Borno State on July 16.
The attack which occurred three days earlier, was not made public by the military until the media published it.
A spokesperson for the Nigeria Army, Texas Chukwu, who confirmed the incident, had said it was “blown out of proportion by the media”.
In its statement, the BBOG, which has been championing the return of abducted Chibok schoolgirls since 2014 described the military’s denial as unfortunate.
“Were Nigerians not told that the military has won the war? What then is the reason for the escalation of attacks by the terrorists and the heightened loss of life of citizens and our soldiers?
“The #BringBackOurGirls Advocacy has been consistent in voicing the correlation between the wellbeing of our troops, the rescue of our #ChibokGirls and the end of the insurgency.
”It is therefore disheartening that several months after the federal government’s announcement that Boko Haram has been technically defeated, we see pictures of a mass burial for our troops, killed by Boko Haram,” part of the statement read.
”The Military Authority should immediately confirm the number of our soldiers that have died within this month of July 2018. Their families and Nigerians should have a brief on the circumstances of their deaths as a means to healing, to have closure. Their names should be released for proper honour as obtains in other climes.
”We take exception to what is to all intent, a secret burial of our fallen heroes. Those responsible for the safety of our troops should be sanctioned for this failure and measures must be put in place to prevent further deaths and damage to the morale of our troops. We question why the current status of our defence budget is at variance with the safety and wellbeing of our troops in this fight against Boko Haram.
”We still stand on the demand we have made previously, for the federal government to institute a monthly Counter-Terrorism Status Report to the Nigerian Public.”
“This insurgency is more than eight years, when will Nigeria’s enemy be truly defeated? When will our 112 #ChibokGirls be rescued? When will #LeahSharibu (an abductee) come home?”
When contacted, the army spokesperson, Jude Chukwu, declined comments but said: “the case is in the past”.
A Nigerian judge on Tuesday cleared over 80 Shiite supporters of a pro-Iranian cleric of criminal charges linked to a violent protest in 2015, defence and prosecution lawyers said.
Justice David Shiri Wyom at the Kaduna State High Court ruled in favour of the defence's no case submission, saying that the state did not present enough evidence to go ahead with proceedings.
Prosecutors had said the supporters of pro-Iranian cleric Ibrahim Zakzaky had conspired to attack the military convoy of army chief Tukur Buratai.
"What the court found was that there was no credible evidence," defence lawyer Maxwell Kyon told AFP.
Zakzaky, who is accused of orchestrating the attack, has been detained since 2015 despite court orders that he should be freed. The court is set to hear his bail application on Thursday.
"He (Zakzaky) is standing trial for having abetted the commission of the offences, so if the court has now found that no such offences were committed, it becomes difficult to convict someone for abetting the omission of these crimes," said Kyon.
Zakzaky has been at loggerheads with Nigeria's secular authorities for years because of his call for an Iranian-style Islamic revolution
An estimated 100 more of Zakzaky's Islamic Movement of Nigeria (IMN) supporters are still in prison in connection with the 2015 clashes.
Algeria’s defense ministry said that seven soldiers and four extremists were killed in a violent clash in the area of Skikda, some 420 kilometers east of the capital Algiers.
The skirmish occurred Monday in the locality of Bessi during a search and sweep operation. The ministry confirmed Tuesday the “elimination” of four “terrorists” during the operation in which the military recovered three machine guns.
Police and military forces said the dead soldiers’ bodies were taken to the local morgue and several other soldiers who were wounded were treated in the Skikda hospital.
EAGER to show that it has not lost its capacity to wreak havoc, Boko Haram has again been bombarding the Nigerian military. To underscore their readiness to fight to the death, the jihadists have launched horrendous attacks on Nigerian soldiers in Borno and Yobe states. They first ambushed a military convoy before attacking a military base, both within a space of 24 hours. Trying to contain the damage, the military authorities have been coy about the extent of damage to life and property. The upsurge bodes ill for the country.
The attacks represent a dampener for the military’s confidence. In the initial episode, the militants ambushed a military convoy in Bama, Borno State. In the ensuing fighting, scores of soldiers from the 21 Brigade were displaced. Aside from those missing in action, an AFP report said the corpses of 10 soldiers were recovered after the skirmishes, in addition to the members of the Civilian Joint Task Force that died. Although the military officials later confirmed the incident, the casualty number is hazy. This weird, opaque method negates global best practices in military circles. In the 14 years to 2015, the British government stated that 456 members of its Army, Royal Air Force, Royal Marines and Special Forces lost their lives in the fight against the Taliban in Afghanistan. This is openness.
The second attack, which occurred in nearby Yobe State, a day later, was just as devastating for the military. This time, the jihadists used their huge number to overwhelm the 81 Division Forward Brigade located at Jilli, Geidam. The base also lost some of its equipment to the insurgents. The base reportedly has over 700 personnel, with most of them just deployed from Lagos in the theatre of war. Initial reports said less than just 100 troops were accounted for after a fierce encounter that lasted for over two hours.
This is revealing. For Boko Haram to attack the base before the new arrivals had settled down to business suggests strongly that it still has moles in the security apparatus. Without a counter-operation to smoke out these infiltrators, the military might continue to suffer heavy losses. This will unduly prolong the insurgency, which manifested fully in 2009 when Boko Haram gained worldwide notoriety by attacking security agents and soft targets in the North-East.
It is also a reversal of the gains made by the military in the past few years. On assuming office in May 2015, President Muhammadu Buhari had rejuvenated the anti-terror war. His infusion of fresh impetus into the war, which has claimed over 100,000 lives since inception (according Governor Kashim Shettima of Borno State), saw the military recapturing the territories confiscated by the insurgents.
Under Tukur Buratai, the Chief of Army Staff, the military made inroads into the Sambisa Forest, the stronghold of the terrorists. Instructively, Boko Haram operations are now largely restricted to the North-East. On July 18, the Intelligence Response Team, a special team of police officers, finally arrested 22 top Boko Haram commanders. Some of them played major roles in the April 2014 abduction of 276 Chibok schoolgirls, suicide bombings and the ambush of security operatives, said Damian Chukwu, the Borno State Commissioner of Police.
Nevertheless, the fresh attacks hint at the tenuous hold of the military on the reclaimed territories, which should not be the case. In February, a Boko Haram breakaway faction had kidnapped another set of 106 schoolgirls in Dapchi, Yobe State. About two million persons, who have been displaced internally by the insurgency, are yet to return home because they are susceptible to attacks. All this underlines the tenacity of the Salafist ideology driving the Boko Haram insurgency. Therefore, it is high time the country devised fresh winning strategies to defeat the militants.
Normally, a military base is a fortress. As such, it ought to be impenetrable for Boko Haram. Repelling attacks by insurgents is not good enough, the military have to up the ante. They should be the first to go on the all-out offensive against the jihadists. When the terrorists are on the defensive, they will be incapable of mounting attacks on military formations.
If there must be an end to this war soon, it will come by scaling up intelligence gathering and infiltration of Boko Haram operations. In this wise, high technology becomes relevant. The Buhari administration should equip the military and the State Security Service with more technological tools, and training of officers in counter-insurgency. Enlisting the assistance of Israel, the United States, Britain and France, countries that have experienced a high degree of Islamist terrorism before, can make a world of difference between success and failure.
It is an open fact that Boko Haram insurgents are a well-motivated bunch. Apart from financial inducement, the false ideology of paradise and martyrdom fuels their rabid rebellion against constituted authorities. To counter this, the military should make the welfare of soldiers on the warfront paramount.
There is no greater morale booster than success in the battlefield. This, the United States understands perfectly well with the operation that eliminated al-Qaeda leader, Osama bin Laden, in 2011. He was trailed doggedly and killed by US Navy SEALs in Abbottabad, Pakistan. Thus, the military have to score big by targeting Abubakar Shekau, who assumed the Boko Haram leadership when Mohammed Yusuf died in 2009. Not him alone: also, to be taken out is Abu-Mus’ab al-Barnawi, the factional Boko Haram leader, whose group specialises in attacking the security forces. By eliminating the leaders, the sect would have lost some grounds to the Nigerian military, which just reshuffled the pack in the theatre of war.
The UN Security Council is not doing enough to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian issue, Sweden’s ambassador to the UN said Tuesday.
“Resolving it should be a priority. Has it been a priority? I am afraid not,” said Olof Skoog, speaking at the UN at the end of his country's Security Council presidency.
Skoog said recent events “have been moving us away from peace” in the region, citing the U.S.’s decision to move its embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem and Israel’s Jewish nation-state law.
"We are very close to another Gaza war. Almost on a daily basis the tensions are there that could escalate very quickly. So it is a very very dangerous situation.
He also said the council had failed to take a humanitarian approach in Gaza, Palestine, adding he did not see any movement forward for resolving the conflict.
Sweden did not approve of the embassy decision announced by the U.S. in May, which was met with discord among the international community, he recalled.
On July 19, Israel’s parliament passed a law which declares the country to be “the nation-state of the Jewish people”.
“We’ve made sure that every member on the Security Council understands exactly what life is in Gaza,” he added.
The Kazan International Muslim Film Festival, scheduled for Sept. 5-11, has been organized in the Republic of Tatarstan's capital city Kazan since 2005. The first festival was initiated by the Russian Council of Muftis, the Federal Agency for Culture and Cinematography of Russia and the Tatarstani Culture Ministry with the support of the Tatarstani presidency.
The motto of the festival is: "To the dialogue of cultures through the culture of dialogue." Its aim is to provide workers in the culture and art fields a chance to exchange experiences as well as recognize the creative achievements of Muslim cinematographers and representatives of other religious affiliations who make films popularizing cultural traditions, and spiritual and moral values. It also aims to promote the positive aspects of Islam and Muslims to the rest of the world, especially the Russian community.
The members of the selective committee and the jury of the festival are comprised of well-known professionals in the arts, such as filmmakers, cameramen and film critics from all over the world.
The numbers of participants and participating films has steadily increased every year. Forty films from 12 countries were selected for the first festival, while 400 films from 67 countries were sent to this year's festival. Global participation in the festival is also expanding with an ever-growing number of participating countries. As a result, the international status of the festival improves every year through the growing list of participating films and esteemed guests from all over the world.
The films reflect humanitarian, spiritual and moral values as well as cultural traditions by supporting peacemaking, tolerance and humanity regardless of nationality and religious affiliation. The selective committee members are respected Russian and foreign film critics. They thoroughly analyze the films sent to the festival and as a result, interesting, original, vivid films that deserve the audience's attention and praise are selected for the competitive program.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Islamic State group on Tuesday claimed responsibility for a car-and-knife attack on Western tourists cycling in Tajikistan that killed two Americans and two Europeans.
Officials in the ex-Soviet Central Asian nation didn't publicly address the IS claim and instead blamed the Sunday attack on a banned local Islamist group. The young men featured in an IS-linked video resembled the individuals that Tajik authorities identified as attack suspects who were later killed by police.
The Islamic State group said in a statement late Monday that several of its soldiers attacked the "citizens of the Crusader coalition."
The four tourists were killed when a car rammed into a group of foreigners on bicycles south of the capital of Dushanbe, Tajik officials have said. The driver and the passengers then got out and attacked the cyclists with knives.
Two of the victims were American, one was Swiss and the fourth was from the Netherlands, foreign and Tajik officials said. The three people injured included a woman from Switzerland.
A video posted on an IS-linked website Tuesday shows five men sitting on a hill against the backdrop of a black-and-white IS flag and declaring allegiance to IS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The men say they're from Tajikistan and pledge to slaughter disbelievers in the name of Allah. A note accompanying the video said the men took part in the weekend attack.
Tajikistan's Interior Ministry posted photos Tuesday of what it said were the bodies of four suspected attackers lying dead in a field. Three of the men resemble ones in the IS video.
It blamed the attack on the Islamic Renaissance Party of Tajikistan, a local party banned several years ago for allegedly plotting to overthrow the government.
Tajikistan, an impoverished, predominantly Muslim nation of some 8 million people, was devastated by a 5-year civil war with Islamist-inspired rebel forces that ended in 1997.
Police in Tajikistan have blamed an outlawed opposition party for a car-ramming attack that killed four tourists and that has been claimed by the Takfiri Daesh terrorist group.
Police said in a statement on Tuesday that a detained man, identified as the mastermind of the Sunday car-ramming attack — which killed two Americans, a Swiss and a Dutch national — was an “active member” of the so-called Islamic Renaissance Party of Tajikistan, which was outlawed by the country’s supreme court in 2015.
Although the assault was initially reported as a hit-and-run car accident, Interior Minister Ramazon Hamro Rahimzoda said on Monday that the assailants “had knives and firearms.” He added that one of the three tourists who survived the car-ramming but was stabbed was being treated in hospital.
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed in the articles and comments are the opinions of the authors and do not necessarily reflect that of NewAgeIslam.com.
The Guide to Investigation of Mouse Pregnancy is the first publication to cover the mouse placenta or the angiogenic tree the mother develops to support the placenta. This much-needed resource covers monitoring of the cardiovascular system, gestational programming of chronic adult disease, epigenetic regulation, gene imprinting, and stem cells. Offering detailed and integrated information on how drugs, biologics, stress, and manipulations impact pregnancy in the mouse model, this reference highlights techniques used to analyze mouse pregnancy. Joining the ranks of much referenced mouse resources, The Guide to Investigation of Mouse Pregnancy is the only manual providing needed content on pregnancy in animal models for translational medicine and research. Provides instruction on how to collect pre-clinical data on pregnancy in mouse models for eventual use in human applications Describes the angiogenic tree the mother’s uterus develops to support pregnancy and the monitoring of pregnancy-induced cardiovascular changes Educates readers on placental cell lineages, decidual development including immune cells, epigenetic regulation, gene imprinting, stem cells, birth and lactation Discusses how stress, environmental toxicants and other manipulations impact upon placental function and pregnancy success
Pathology of the Developing Mouse provides, in so far as feasible, one complete reference on the design, analysis, and interpretation of abnormal findings that may be detected in developing mice before and shortly after birth. In particular, this book is designed specifically to be not only a "how to do" manual for developmental pathology experimentation in mice but, more importantly, a "how to interpret" resource for pathologists and other biomedical scientists faced for the first or hundredth time with defining the significance of distorted features in some fantastic murine developmental monstrosity. The topics covered in this volume include a full range of subjects encountered when building and wielding a developmental pathology tool kit: baseline anatomic and physiologic traits of developing mice principles of good experimental design and statistical analysis for mouse developmental pathology studies procedures for anatomic pathology examinations, to evaluate structural changes at the macroscopic (gross), microscopic (cells and tissues), and ultrastructural (subcellular) levels, suing conventional autopsy-based or novel non-invasive imaging techniques; methods for clinical pathology testing, to assess the biochemical and cellular composition of tissues and fluids; options and protocols for in situ molecular pathology analysis, to undertake site-specific explorations of the various mechanisms responsible for producing adverse findings (i.e., "lesions") during development; and well-referenced and illustrated guides to the interpretation of anatomic pathology and clinical pathology changes in the animal (embryos, fetuses, neonates, and juveniles) and its support system (placenta).
Kaufman's Atlas of Mouse Development: With Coronal Sections continues the stellar reputation of the original Atlas by providing updated, in-depth anatomical content and morphological views of organ systems.The publication offers written descriptions of the developmental origins of the organ systems alongside high-resolution images for needed visualization of developmental processes. Matt Kaufman himself has annotated the coronal images in the same clear, meticulous style of the original Atlas. Kaufman's Atlas of Mouse Development: With Coronal Sections follows the original Atlas as a continuation of the standard in the field for developmental biologists and researchers across biological and biomedical sciences studying mouse development. Provides high-resolution images for best visualization of key developmental processes and structures Offers in-depth anatomy and morphological views of organ systems Written descriptions convey developmental origins of the organ systems
Newborn mammals can weigh as little as a dime or as much as a motorcycle. Some receive milk for only a few days, whereas others nurse for years. Humans typically have only one baby at a time following nine months of pregnancy, but other mammals have twenty or more young after only a few weeks in utero. What causes this incredible reproductive diversity? In Reproduction in Mammals, Virginia Hayssen and Teri J. Orr present readers with a fascinating examination of the varied reproductive strategies of a broad spectrum of mammals, from marsupials to whales. This unique book’s comprehensive coverage gathers stories from many taxa into a single, cohesive perspective that centers on the reproductive lives of females. The authors shed light on a number of intriguing questions, including • do bigger moms have bigger babies?• do primates have longer pregnancies than other groups?• does habitat influence animals’ reproductive patterns?• do carnivores typically produce larger litters than prey species? The book opens with the authors’ definition of what constitutes a female perspective and an examination of the evolution of reproduction in mammals. It then outlines the typical individual mammalian female: her genetics, anatomy, and physiology. Taking a nuanced approach, Hayssen and Orr describe the female reproductive cycle and explore female mammals’ interactions with males and offspring. Readers will come away from this thought-provoking book with an understanding of not only how reproduction fits into the lives of female mammals but also how biology has affected the enormously diverse reproductive patterns of the phenotypes we observe today.
The complete illustrated guide from conception to birth. The Pregnant Body Book is a comprehensive visual guide to every aspect of conception, pregnancy and birth exploring the important changes that take place in a completely revolutionary way. State-of-the-art images, extraordinary photography and accessible text track each stage of both the mother and baby's development from fertilisation to birth week-by-week. This unprecedented guide covers everything you could possibly want to know from the science behind sex and conception to the intricacies of genetics and includes a detailed look at the anatomy and physiology of both the male and female reproductive systems and the groundbreaking medical advances that define the 21st-century understanding of pregnancy. The Pregnant Body Book is the first of its kind and an ideal reference for prospective parents, as well as both medical and midwifery students.
A brilliant writer, first-time mother, and respected biologist, Sandra Steingraber tells the month-by-month story of her own pregnancy, weaving in the new knowledge of embryology, the intricate development of organs, the emerging architecture of the brain, and the transformation of the mother's body to nourish and protect the new life. At the same time, she shows all the hazards that we are now allowing to threaten each precious stage of development, including the breast-feeding relationship between mothers and their newborns. In the eyes of an ecologist, the mother's body is the first environment, the mediator between the toxins in our food, water, and air and her unborn child.Never before has the metamorphosis of a few cells into a baby seemed so astonishingly vivid, and never before has the threat of environmental pollution to conception, pregnancy, and even to the safety of breast milk been revealed with such clarity and urgency. In Having Faith, poetry and science combine in a passionate call to action.A Merloyd Lawrence Book
The eye is a complex sensory organ, which enables visual perception of the world. Thus the eye has several tissues that do different tasks. One of the most basic aspects of eye function is the sensitivity of cells to light and its transduction though the optic nerve to the brain. Different organisms use different ways to achieve these tasks. In this sense, eye function becomes a very important evolutionary aspect as well. This book presents the different animal models that are commonly used for eye research and their uniqueness in evaluating different aspects of eye development, evolution, physiology and disease. * Presents information on the major animal models used in eye research including invertebrates and vertebrates * Provides researchers with information needed to choose between model organisms * Includes an introductory chapter on the different types of eyes, stressing possible common molecular machinery
Over the past few decades technological advances in transcriptomics, proteomics, metabolomics, and glycomics along with the ability to selectively knockout genes of interest has greatly advanced our understanding of maternal-conceptus interactions that are essential for the establishment and maintenance of a successful pregnancy. This knowledge provides a foundation from which to build research endeavors to help resolve infertility, embryonic loss and recurrent abortion in humans, captive wild animals and important farm species. The present volume on “Regulation of Implantation and Establishment of Pregnancy in Mammals” brings together current reviews from leading experts to address the diversity of mechanisms by which species establish and maintain pregnancy. Implantation in rodents, dogs, pigs, cattle, sheep, horses, primates, humans and embryonic diapause in wild species are discussed. Reviews will provide current knowledge on the role of endometrial steroid receptors, adhesion factors, cytokines, interferons, steroids, prostaglandins, growth factors and immune cells involved with regulation of conceptus development.
A comprehensive source of technical guidance for experienced investigators and essential resource for newcomers to mammalian genetics and embryology. This edition (1st ed., 1986) is revised and expanded to incorporate improvements to existing methods as well as new technologies. It contains new sect
Local authors mean so much to us at Newcastle Noir, so we're especially excited to announce that LJ Ross, bestselling author of the DCI Ryan series, will be appearing on the Northumberland Noir panel.
Newcastle Noir is a festival dedicated to promoting crime fiction under all its guises from all over the world. The launch night will take place on 03/05/18 with Stuart MacBride. The festival itself will be on 04/05/18 and 05/05/18.
beach style home theaters and media rooms that wow small room chairs, small media room chairs excellent ideas on a budget, small media room chairs with cove lighting home theater traditional and, decorations excellent media room colors design ideas grey small chairs, small media room chairs decorations amazing modern decor ideas blue painted, decorations amazing modern media room decor ideas blue painted small chairs,small media room chairs basement bedroom remodel 9 ideas wiring,chairs for media room home theater furniture couch small ,small media room chairs decorations excellent colors design ideas grey , small media room chairs interior amazing ideas with affordable modern.
Entitled “The Hague – International City of Music in the 18th Century”, The Hague's Baroque orchestra, The New Dutch Academy (NDA), and its conductor Simon Murphy have developed a new musical walking tour and “app” bringing the richly international music traditions of cosmopolitan Dutch court city of The Hague to life.
Featuring beautifully engraved historical maps, 18th century paintings and the NDA's world première recordings of symphonic music by composers at The Hague's 18th century court of Orange, the app offers an up-to-date, engaging, multi-media guided tour of The Hague's vibrant 18th century cultural scene.
Witnessing regular visits from European musical superstars including Mozart and Beethoven, The musical life of The Hague flourished in the 18th century. The city maintained several permanent orchestras, numerous opera houses and diverse concert series, and became a highly influential, international centre of music publishing, during the glittering cultural era of Princess Anna and her son Prince William the 5th.
Incorporating the results of more than a decade of scholarly research and musical exploration, the new app makes this valuable Dutch musical heritage accessible to the general public for the very first time.
The app was launched in the Ballroom of The Hague's Council of State on for press and sponsors on December 10. It went live on-line today and is now available for download in two versions – for Apple and Android mobile devices – in Dutch. English language versions will become available in February.
In the 18th century, The Hague was an exciting, cosmopolitan European musical centre. Particularly in the second half of the century during the reign of William V, Prince of Orange and Stadholder of the Netherlands, the court city blossomed as an international, enlightened cultural centre.
William's court in The Hague maintained an impressive music programme with its own court orchestra, esteemed composers and musicians in service and various concert series. Together with the activities of the city's numerous opera houses, public concert halls, and musical pleasure gardens, The Hague established am international reputation as an attractive, cosmopolitan and culturally effervescent city.
For international touring musicians, The Hague became an artistically stimulating and financially nutritious stop on the European music touring circuit with famous musical visitors to the city including JC Bach, Abel, C Stamitz, Richter, Dussek, Mozart and Beethoven. The city's music publishing scene was especially noteworthy, and an added attraction for international musical visitors. The Hague's highly influential, internationally orientated music publishing houses, including the Hummel brothers, produced beautifully crafted editions and maintained excellent, worldwide distribution networks. They informed and influenced the musical tastes of Europe and introduced the western world to the works of composers including JC Bach, Mozart, Haydn and their contemporaries for the very first time.
In 2009, after a decade of research into The Hague's symphonic tradition, conductor Simon Murphy and the NDA presented the very first CD recording documenting The Hague's 18th century symphonic school in partnership with Dutch premium label PentaTone. This world première recording introduced works by composers active at The Hague's court of Orange including hofkapellmeister Graaf, court concertmaster Schwindl, violin/viola virtuoso C Stamitz, and court cellist F. Zappa. This rediscovered Dutch musical heritage was enthusiastically received by the Dutch and international music press with German national radio wittily stating that, following the NDA's discoveries, the Dutch could now certainly hold their own with the British in the category of musical “Crown Jewels”.
For the NDA, the next step in this journey of musical discovery was uncovering exactly where all of this took place in 18th century The Hague, addressing questions such as:
After years of musical inquiry and scouring the city's historic archives, the NDA recently completed this second phase of research. This large scale project has been carried out by Dutch historian Cornelia Klugkist together with NDA conductor Simon Murphy. The duo have unveiled much new historical information and have produced many fascinating new insights into just how cosmopolitan and culturally effervescent The Hague was in the 18th century.
The NDA wishes to bring as many people as possible in contact with the results of this research. And in particular, with the topic of the research itself – the musical heritage of the Netherlands.
In order to reach, appeal to and engage with different audience groups – whether they be young, old or in-between, digitally savvy, new to classical music or existing music lovers or professionals – the orchestra is making this available in diverse ways.
For professionals, the NDA has published this new gained information in scholarly journals and on the NDA's own site. Read an article about court cellist F. Zappa here (NDA website, under articles).
In partnership with The Hague-based music publishers Albersen Muziekverhuur, the NDA’s new, modern editions of rediscovered court symphonies from The Hague have been made available to symphony orchestras all around the world. Through this initiative, concert audiences from Scandinavia through to Australia have been treated to live performances of these rediscovered Dutch symphonic gems.
Now, with the support of several local partners and sponsors including BNG Cultuurfonds and Rabobank Stimuleringsfonds Den Haag, the NDA is making this valuable information available to the general public. This is being achieved through two presentations in two most attractive and inviting forms:
- and (for the less digitally minded members of the public) as an actual walking tour with an historic map of The Hague and accompanying booklet
The App has been developed by the New Dutch Academy in co-operation with Dutch designer Crisja Ran and Dutch App developer Martin de Lang and his team at MDL Solutions.
Both versions (app and the walking tour as a pdf) are available for free download via the NDA's website: www.newdutchacademy.nl
Moving towards the spring tourist season, the app will also become available for download via the website of the Haags Historisch Museum (HHM) www.haagshistorischmuseum.nl.
Through the HHM, one will also be able to request a guided version of the walking tour for groups. Further information on the topic is available for purchase at the museum shop including the NDA's world première CD recording of symphonies from The Hague's court of Orange in the 18th century.
Samir Dixit believes marketers have not moved forward despite the change in the marketing the past few years
With a global career spanning 19 years across brand, marketing, communications, consulting and financial Industry, Samir Dixit (pic) has a wealth of experience across global strategy, research, IP management, corporate communication, PR, global brand management, M&A branding, and advertising. He is Managing Director of Brand Finance Asia Pacific.
In the past 12 months, Samir has been driving marketing and business acceleration strategies for B2B and B2C segments across the industry and consumer segments like pharma, insurance, banking and finance, education, retail, internet/online and advertising communications.
Samir believes APPIES Malaysia is a great “interactive” platform for strategic thought leadership and sharing of best practices.
In an interview, Samir Dixit told MARKETING he will be speaking on how marketing has changed a lot in the past few years and the marketers have not.
“It’s a bit of an introspection of how marketers define and measure their success and KPIs at present vs. what it could be or should be given the change in corporate thinking, investor sentiments, and external environment.”
You can listen to Samir’s full speech plus of other guest speakers at the APPIES Malaysia 2018 Marketing Conference on April 16 and 17.
APPIES Malaysia is an annual 2-day Marketing Congress and Awards Festival showcasing, sharing and celebrating the country’s best marketing campaigns. Shortlisted entries will be judged by 30 leaders in the marketing industry who will put the presenters’ knowledge to the test in a unique Live Presentation environment.
1. The company or agency (“Advertiser”) represents and warrants to Association Media Group that the all of the text, pictures, graphics, code, and other material that comprise the creative to be displayed (a) do not violate applicable law and (b) do not violate the intellectual property rights of any third party. The Advertiser shall indemnify, defend and hold Association Media Group and its licensors and its licensees and/or sublicensees, and its and their shareholders, members, partners, directors, officers and employees harmless from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses and claims arising from a breach of the representations and warranties set forth above or any claim that the Advertisement is otherwise obscene or harmful.
2. The Advertiser represents and warrants that any information or materials submitted to Association Media Group to be included on this site (a) are accurate and complete, (b) do not contain any form of tracking pixel, cookie or other data gathering code, and (c) does not contain harmful or malicious code. If the Advertiser is in breach of these representations the Advertiser will be solely responsable for any compliance violations, fines, and penalties. Furthermore, the Advertiser agrees to pay all legal costs for Association Media Group and its technology and Association partners for any violations of these representations.
2. The Advertiser hereby grants to Association Media Group a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide right and license by all means and in any media to use, reproduce, distribute, modify, publicly perform, publicly display and digitally perform such advertisement and all its constituent parts solely pursuant to any advertising purchase made on this site.
3. Association Media Group agrees to display advertisements provided by the Advertiser in relation to the campaign details purchased on this site. Association Media Group will perform, to the best of its ability, all the obligations listed within the products purchased on this site. Association Media Group does not warrant or represent that the products will enable the Advertiser to achieve any particular result or outcome.
4. Association Media Group may, in its complete discretion, reject, cancel, or remove at any time any advertisement from the service for any reason without prior notice to the Advertiser, provided that Association Media Group will notify the Advertiser following the rejection, cancellation or removal of any advertisement from the service and shall refund a prorated share of the amount paid to Association Media Group.
5. Association Media Group will not be liable for any incidental, indirect, consequential, or special damages of any kind including without limitation lost revenues and/or lost profits arising from the Advertiser’s, company’s, or agency’s listing on this site. In the event that any of the foregoing limitations and disclaimers are ineffective, Advertiser agrees that Association Media Group’s maximum liability to the Advertiser, company, or agency is limited to the total revenue earned by Association Media Group from a purchase of Advertising on this site.
6. These obligations shall apply whether or not Association Media Group has exercised its rights to terminate any advertisement.
Paizo Inc. has now partnered with Archives of Nethys to provide the online version of the Pathfinder RPG rules at pfrd.info.
You blast an area with a tremendous cacophony. Every creature in the area takes 1d8 points of sonic damage and must succeed on a Fortitude save to avoid being stunned for 1 round. Creatures that cannot hear are not stunned but are still damaged.
A very comprehensive landscape on how to treat keyboard, mouse, touch and stylus on virtually every device. Fine!
The title/abstract suggested the talk to be more general and not focusing on a single tool; very interesting anyway.
Very interesting approach to testing! Leaves open issues on how to treat false positives in a clever and scalable way, but totally worth hearing!
Some introspection in optimizations for these algorithms (e.g. sorting numbers vs. strings) would have been better, but worth hearing anyway!
Absolutely amazing! I work with locales different from mine (e.g. Chinese, Japanese) but there are problems I would not ever imagine without this talk (DST changing non-homogeneously in same country/timezone? are you kidding me???)
Very interesting insight not only on Redux/ngrx technology, but also on the pattern and the rationale behind it
Details: Rent includes Entertainment Package that provides Cable (all digital HD 200+ channel line-up) and Internet (300 Mbps of bandwidth).
Description: We challenge you to find a two-bedroom floor plan bigger than this in the area! Available with a sun room, this floor plan offers the perception of living in a small house while absorbing all of the benefits of multifamily living. The living room provides a divider between the bedrooms, adding additional privacy.
Before I delve into that argument, which I will manage poorly I warn you now, let me say this to Bill: In previous columns about what church can be, I've always lumped us up as fallen sinners, because that has been my view of being human.
So, what happens when the money managers manage poorly, or not at all, and the bodyguards let down their guard?
For instance, school districts have sometimes looked to private companies to manage poorly performing schools.
Public Schools: Comparison of Achievement Results for Students Attending Privately Managed and Traditional Schools in Six Cities
Intuitive natural computer interfaces will not evolve by making computers smarter simulacra of the brains we don't yet understand and manage poorly but by designing better tools for the entire human race.
Perhaps it was the exertions of the crucial midweek victory over Rangers, or the nerviness of knowing one mistake could destroy their title dream.
Conman stories ought to work because, despite the damage done by the ruse, we marvel at the nerviness on display.
adj. having some reasonable connection with, and in regard to evidence in trial, having some value or tendency to prove a matter of fact significant to the case. Commonly an objection to testimony or physical evidence is that it is "irrelevant." (See: objection, irrelevant)
For example, students completed class debates that addressed controversial issues relevant to the work of the community agencies at which they were completing projects.
Both the didactic and research phases of an award period must be designed to develop the necessary knowledge and research Skills in scientific areas relevant to the career goals of the candidate.
Information managers have long sought to improve searches for relevant information by developing indexing schemes and records retention schedules.
The BHC Act also prohibits the Board from approving a proposed combination that would substantially lessen competition or tend to create a monopoly in any relevant banking market, unless the Board finds that the anticompetitive effects of the proposal are clearly outweighed in the public interest by the probable effect of the proposal in meeting the convenience and needs of the community to be served.
However, these alleged policy or procedural violations may be relevant in establishing liability for negligence under state law.
If the state were to use relevant data, the interest groups knew that their already tenuous claims to underrepresentation would become laughable, and that their power to deliver government spoils to their members would be drastically eroded.
After affirmative action: life under an executive order suggests the future of affirmative action in a post-CCRI California
Task overload can be dealt with by the adoption of strategies of inquiry that allow the elimination or ignoring of huge categories of relevant information (Wilson, 1995).
But we need to do a better job of maintaining the human touch through relevant work-related information, and we need to do a better job of fighting through the bureaucracy to deal candidly with important issues.
Manners, editor-in-chief of The Hub, a journal for marketing thought-leaders, outlines six principles that he says relevant brands live by, and supports each with insights gleaned from interviews with more than 50 top marketers and more than 80 examples of highly-relevant brands.
One goal of this special issue was to present relevant articles that will facilitate the understanding and implementation of developmentally responsive middle school counseling programs.
Our phones are full of old files, apps, pictures, and other content that we don’t even look at anymore. Anyone who owns an older Android p...
haunted - A long-hidden message helps Mallory and the Baby-sitters Club solve an old mystery about Stacey's house, which they believe to be haunted.
Our rooftop camper tent can make you camping instantly anytime and anywhere, instant zone, when camping in the wind, open up and close up for just a few seconds.
Satisfy your Stay remarkable mistresscamchat host now. She knows precisely what buttons to drive and how to press any boundries maybe you have. Potentially it’s teamviewer cam session you want?or to become controlled and owned by a stringent female? Enter her space sissy loser and be prepared to be owned.
Dominate these terrible girls - or post to their requires. Get hardcore Dwell bondage cam motion and even more. For those who seeking Reside bondage reveals, you will discover them here on Camcontacts!
Supporting the valued, attentive and enthusiastic webcam Hosts on ImLive within their endeavors to supply you with the most effective company feasible.
Determine WHAT Comes about inside of a mistress cams show and if you really feel courageous more than enough or else you are merely curious then pop In the totally free rooms and interact Reside with our on-line Mistress webcam hosts.
I'm obedient slave. I prefer to provide my Learn, and to be submissive in my personal clearly show! Languages: Functions:
Online cost-free bdsm live cam chat rooms with the most effective Stay domination and bondage. Nsfw webcam coaching rooms
Black Lady in latex costume This extremely very hot Fem- dom Looks so excellent With this limited figure hugging crimson and black latex gown- Along with her curvy figure, huge boobs and very face she is certain to make any sub slide to his knees eager to worship her.
All video clips are hosted by 3rd occasion Internet sites. We have no Regulate more than the written content of those websites. We just take no responsibility with the material on any Web-site which we url to, please use your individual discretion whilst browsing the hyperlinks.
I like the intense Participate in with my body. my tits are big and I love watching them purple dildos deep throat fist strings make all of the ...See My Profile
Boss asked Monthly bill Bailey to go at his household and produce him his medicines! The doorway was opened by Katsuni. Invoice Bailey is shocked by his old manager amazing and intriguing mistress.
Black mature Domme on World wide web cam You haven't any say in life any more, you are listed here to generally be skilled, collared and branded if wanted. We may need you can get a tattoo with our name on it to indicate your whole determination , we make you signal a slave deal, We're going to humiliate, blackmail and degrade you all the time, spitting, slapping and whipping you, Employing our substantial strapons to make you a bitch and stretch that ass.
I am a witty, smart Pretty Mistress by using a enormous creativeness and plenty of erotic exciting to suit your needs. You won't ever satisfy any individual like more info m...Look at My Profile
When at any time i see a female putting on any type of restricted clothes it will get my creativity Functioning tenfold, in some cases it’s not about them acquiring bare, it really is about imagining whatever they are like under neath, are they shaved?
Slave inside of a cage – Bondage Eventualities Are you presently Completely ready for the actual dominant submissive relationship online are you ready to post into the a person in demand the highly effective just one and also your new operator?Our excellent Girls will educate you how to become a submissive , how you can provide a Domme And exactly how to make sure you fully grasp the submissive Life-style and principles.
The League of Women Voters of Texas has an updated voter guide for 2016. If you got the printed version, there have been some minor changes. You can download the PDF.
LWV also have a web site where you can get personalized information about who’s on your ballot ahead of time. Just go to vote411.org and enter your address.
There’s been a massive jump in early voting in Austin. Accordingly, expect to wait in line. There’s a web page which will show you how bad the wait is at Travis County polling locations. As long as you’re registered in Travis County, you can vote at any location in Travis County.
🔷 There’s misinformation swirling around on the Internet. Be very careful of believing anything you read that isn’t from an official reputable source, such as a Texas state government web site. Accordingly, I’m providing links so you can verify the things I’m posting here.
🔷 Poll watchers are officials who are selected by political parties or candidates, and certified by the Secretary of State. They must wear an ID badge at all times. They are not permitted to talk to voters — if they see something suspicious, their job is simply to notify the designated election officers of the problem. Self-appointed poll watchers are not allowed, and should be reported. You can verify that this is true via the official guide for poll watchers.
🔷 Texas law prohibits “electioneering” within 100′ of a polling place. In the past people have been turned away because they wore T-shirts showing pro-2nd Amendment slogans, pictures of Barack Obama, and other images or words perceived as favoring particular candidates. So, if you want to be sure you will get to cast your vote, wear plain clothing with no overt messages.
🔷 If you are a registered voter, but you do not have suitable voter ID because you could not reasonably obtain it in time for the election, you can still vote. You’ll need to fill out a declaration stating that you could not reasonably obtain suitable ID, and present some documentation supporting that you are who you claim — the LWV voter guide (see first link above) has a full list of allowed documents. Poll workers are not allowed to question you as to why you were unable to obtain voter ID, nor are they allowed to challenge the truthfulness of your declaration. To verify that this is true, see slide 12 of the Secretary of State’s training presentation for poll workers.
🔷 If you find yourself being unjustly denied the right to vote, you can call the National Election Protection Hotline at 866-OUR-VOTE.
🔷 Some Texas locations are still showing incorrect information about voter ID requirements. If you see a poster saying that you must present photo ID, and failing to note the options available to people who could not reasonably obtain photo ID, then you should report it.
Relay For Life is a chance for communities to recognise and celebrate those who have overcome cancer or are undergoing treatment, as well as the people who care for them. Relay also provides an opportunity to celebrate the memory of loved ones lost to cancer.
Each Relay For Life event is organised by a local volunteer committee on behalf of Cancer Council. Teams of 10­–15, which are headed up by a team captain, get together and fundraise year-round. Everyone then meets at the Relay to celebrate the amazing fundraising achievements of the past year. Teams participate in a relay-style walk or run, challenging themselves to stay on the track overnight. Each event is unique and you can stay for the whole event and camp overnight, enjoy the fun activities and attend the moving ceremonies that make Relay For Life so special.
Please feel free to join our website today! We're happy to help with anything, or maybe just to have a discussion or introduce yourself!
The longest running drug server & pioneers of the gamemode and check under the bridge in the spawn park!
Here in our forums, you can talk to member's all over our community! We have many things to offer and talk about right here on the forums.
In summer holidays, from Monday to Friday led by qualified riding teachers and other teachers. Anybody from 6 yearsold can take part in it. Previous check-in is needed.
We are a noteworthy organization in this field, engaged in offering high quality assortment of Fully Auto Strapping Rolls. These rolls are manufactured using quality-tested raw material with the help of advanced machines under the stern guidance of skilled professionals. The provided rolls are widely used for the packaging of cartons and boxes in varied industries. We offer these Fully Auto Strapping Rolls in different sizes as per the needs of clients.
We are leading Manufacturers and suppliers of SINGLE HEAD PASTE / CREAM FILLING MACHINE, WE mainly focus on south india.
1. To procure; to obtain; to gain possession of; to acquire; to earn; to obtain as a price or reward; to come by; to win, by almost any means; as, to get favor by kindness; to get wealth by industry and economy; to get land by purchase, etc. [1913 Webster]
2. Hence, with have and had, to come into or be in possession of; to have. --Johnson. [1913 Webster]
4. To obtain mental possession of; to learn; to commit to memory; to memorize; as to get a lesson; also with out; as, to get out one's Greek lesson. [1913 Webster]
6. To procure to be, or to cause to be in any state or condition; -- with a following participle. [1913 Webster]
Note: Get, as a transitive verb, is combined with adverbs implying motion, to express the causing to, or the effecting in, the object of the verb, of the kind of motion indicated by the preposition; thus, to get in, to cause to enter, to bring under shelter; as, to get in the hay; to get out, to make come forth, to extract; to get off, to take off, to remove; to get together, to cause to come together, to collect. [1913 Webster]
{To get up}, to cause to be established or to exit; to prepare; to arrange; to construct; to invent; as, to get up a celebration, a machine, a book, an agitation.
As a specialized and reliable medical supply partner we are dedicated to provide medical supplies, emergency supplies, logistics and related services to the various aid organisations, emergency procurement providers, Ministry of Health, hospitals, doctors and distributors. Josefina Life Sciences dedicated to supplying the highest quality medical supplies at the lowest available prices in the international market. With more than a decade experience in medical supply field, Josefina Life Sciences started to provide medical supplies accessible to all at the right time .
Aurcana Announces Execution of Arrangement Agreement for Previously Announced Transformative Acquisition and Reverse Take-Over of Ouray Silver Mines
Barrick Gold is in late-stage talks to buy Randgold Resources -source Reuters.co.uk - Mergers & Acquisitions, 19:45
Mid Jeans L8 Skinny Line Fit Jake Levi's® 8 Ow7qtnpxXg Mortgage rates jump to four-month high as housing market hits a bump | September 21, 2018
Fed’s Powell between a rock and hard place: Ignore the yield curve or tight job market? | September 21, 2018
Gold gained $3.70 to $1211.00 in Asia before it crashed down to $1192.00 in early New York trade and then chopped back higher into the close, but it still ended with a loss of 0.69%. Silver slipped to as low as $14.155 and ended with a loss of just 0.07%.
Well Gerald, one of the hot topics in the markets today is the escalating trade tensions. Trump just announced another $200 billion in tariffs on China and he looks ready to more than double that if the Chinese should retaliate. The President is confident the U.S. can win a trade war. Do you share that optimism? How do you see this playing out?
GATA today is appealing to the council's founder, investment fund manager John Paulson, to allow GATA to make a presentation to the council about the longstanding policy of Western governments and central banks to intervene in the gold market surreptitiously to suppress the monetary metal's price.
Shortly after I posted publicly last week’s article, “Is the COT Report Still Valid?,” commentary on my article was posted by Chris Powell, from GATA, suggesting that I consider the possibility that JPMorgan may be operating in the silver and gold markets as an agent under orders from the US Government and not as a principal for its own account (as I believe). I want to thank Chris for offering his input and I’m not kidding when I say it’s much better for an article to generate interest than to be ignored.
Investors have pulled much capital out of gold in recent months in a major mass exodus. Their sentiment waxed very bearish as gold was pounded lower by extreme record gold-futures short selling. The latest record stock-market highs also suppressed the perceived need for diversifying portfolios with gold. But this heavy investment gold selling is slowing, and should reverse sharply once stock markets roll over again.
The U.S. imposed new tariffs on China this week that were close to the worst possible scenario, despite mainstream media comments to the contrary. The fact that China responded with nothing more than 5-10% tariffs on $60bln of U.S. imports soothed the markets, and stocks rallied. The mistake being made, however, is that China is unlikely done retaliating just yet, and there is likely more to come. What is clear is that neither side is willing to back down in this trade war, so it is probably going to get worse.
There is a widespread notion among investors, analysts and pundits that the escalating trade conflict between the U.S. and its trading partners is bad for the global economy. This is no stretch. The leap from there to it being bad for commodities is understandable, but less certain. Still, people who should know, like those running the world's largest mining company, are saying it's so.
In response, GATA is asking the commission whether its jurisdiction covers futures market manipulation by the U.S. government or brokers acting for the U.S. government, or whether such manipulation is authorized by law, like the Gold Reserve Act of 1934 as amended in the 1970s, which established the U.S. Treasury Department's Exchange Stabilization Fund.
This time is different. They always say so. But what if they are eventually right? We invite you to read our today’s article about the history of the Fed’s tightening and find out what is exceptional with the current cycle. And what does it mean for the gold market.
I have long believed that we can see the 3000+ region before we get that 30% correction I have been looking for in the 2019-2020 time frame. And, as usually occurs, that market top will be accompanied by excessive bullishness among the masses. While many of the pundits have believed we will crash every week for years, the public seems to ignore them (appropriately) and have become much more bullish of late.
A subscriber who qualifies as a Hidden Pivot ace broached a Dow rally target at 40,000 Thursday in the chat room, but I’m not keen on encouraging such speculation. Applying Hidden Pivot analysis to the long-term picture, I can make a case for a move to 34,450 but no higher. Even then, bulls would need to get past two formidable Hidden Pivot resistances at lower levels. They lie, respectively, at 27,251 (just 600 points above current levels!); and at 28,897. Either looks sufficient to turn back the bullish herd, at least for a while, and both are capable of ending the bull market.
Dr. Raymond Moody, renowned psychiatrist; author of best-selling Life after Life (1974) and founder of The University of Heaven makes his show debut.
The host is reunited with the former forensic therapist 30 years after sitting in Dr. Moody's undergraduate class.
The content on this site is protected by U.S. and international copyright laws and is the property of GoldSeek.com and/or the providers of the content under license. By "content" we mean any information, mode of expression, or other materials and services found on GoldSeek.com. This includes editorials, news, our writings, graphics, and any and all other features found on the site. Please contact us for any further information.
The views contained here may not represent the views of GoldSeek.com, its affiliates or advertisers. GoldSeek.com makes no representation, warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy or completeness of the information (including news, editorials, prices, statistics, analyses and the like) provided through its service. Any copying, reproduction and/or redistribution of any of the documents, data, content or materials contained on or within this website, without the express written consent of GoldSeek.com, is strictly prohibited. In no event shall GoldSeek.com or its affiliates be liable to any person for any decision made or action taken in reliance upon the information provided herein.
Etiquette for School Concerts: 10 steps to enjoy a concert without wrecking it for everybody May 18, 2016
This course considers two fundamental questions in computer science: First, what can computers do? Second, how much time and space do they require to do it? While addressing these questions we will touch on various fascinating topics in programming languages, information theory, linguistics, philosophy, etc.
Your work will be a mixture of writing proofs, executing algorithms by hand, and writing programs. For example, you will learn how to determine whether a programming problem is solvable by regular expressions, and solve it with them if it is. The official prerequisites for this course are CS 111 (Intro) and either CS 202 (Mathematics of Computer Science) or Math 236. Talk to me if you are concerned about your background.
Introduction to the Theory of Computation, 3rd Ed, by Michael Sipser. This text has been used in other recent sections of CS 254.
Mounting Network Drives helps you hand in the electronic parts of your assignments on the COURSES file server.
Our class meets in Boliou 104 during period 3A (MonWed 11:10-12:20, Fri 12:00-1:00). My office hours are currently
No appointment is needed during office hours; just drop in. If you can't make office hours, then consult my schedule and e-mail me a couple of possible meeting times.
Final grades (A, B, etc.) are assigned according to an approximate curving process. By this I mean that there are no predetermined percentages (90%, 80%, etc.) required for specific grades. The advantage of this system is that student grades don't suffer when I write a difficult exam. The disadvantage is that you cannot compute your own grade. Visit me in my office, if you want me to estimate your current grade for you. The following elements contribute to your final grade.
Participation: You are expected to attend every class meeting promptly, take notes, and participate in discussion and group work. You can make up for a deficiency in class participation by talking with me in office hours or generally demonstrating exceptional effort and interest. Participation is used to make small adjustments to the final course grade. Additionally, a requirement for passing this course is that you visit me in my office at least once during the first two weeks.
Assignments: Assignments are the core of the course; they are where you learn the material. Altogether they count for 25% of your grade.
Exam A: The first midterm exam is given in class sometime around the fourth week. It counts for 25% of your course grade.
Exam B: The second midterm is a take-home exam given sometime around the seventh week. It counts for 25% of your grade.
Exam C: The final exam is scheduled for Sunday November 18, 3:30PM-6:00PM. It counts for 25% of your course grade. Self-scheduled final exams are not allowed.
You are expected to spend about 10 hours per week on this course outside class. Some students need to spend more than 10 hours. If you find yourself spending more than 15 hours, then talk to me.
You are encouraged to work with others on all assignments (but not exams). Work together to figure out the problems/programs, but write/type them up separately, in your own words. You may not copy someone else's work or allow them to copy yours. Presenting someone else's work as your own is an act of Academic Dishonesty. If Carleton College finds you to not to have upheld its Academic Honesty standards in this course, then you will receive an F for this course.
Writing is not just for English and history majors. Written and oral communication skills are essential to every academic discipline, and are highly prized by employers. In this course, your written work is evaluated both for correctness and for presentation. You may find it easier to type your solutions in LaTeX than to edit them by hand.
How much work should you show? Compose your solutions as if the intended audience is your fellow students. By doing so, you show enough detail that your grader can ascertain whether you yourself understand the material. Your solutions should also be self-explanatory. In this course, the required level of rigor in proofs is sometimes unclear. Mimic the book's level of rigor, preferably with explanation and motivation, and with note of any pitfalls in the logic. If a fellow student were to read your solution, she should be convinced that you understand the problem.
Although homework is assigned every day, it is collected only once a week (usually Fridays). When handing in a week's homework, staple your pages into a single packet, in the correct order. Packets that are not stapled are unacceptable. I will not accept packets that are not stapled. Is there a stapler in the classroom? Often not, so staple ahead of time. Is a paper clip okay? No.
Depending on time constraints in any given week, perhaps not all of your homework will be graded. In order to ensure full credit, do all of the assigned problems.
During the term, you have one free pass to hand in a week's homework packet late, no questions asked. Simply hand in your late packet when the next packet is due, writing "Late Pass Used" prominently at the top of the late packet.
Once you have used your late pass, no late assignments are accepted, except in extreme circumstances that typically involve interventions by physicians or deans.
If some medical condition affects your participation in class or your taking of exams, let me know in the first week of class. You may need to make official arrangements with the Office of Disability Services.
To help you decode the schedule, here is an example. On Day 03 we discuss nondeterministic finite automata. Section 1.2 of our textbook covers that material; read it before or after class, to get another treament. You might also want to read my extra notes nfaDFA.pdf. You have homework called "Day 03", which you hand in on Day 06.
Over the weekend, Taiwanese Pop singer Rainie Yang 楊丞琳 was in Malaysia for a series of promotional events with her latest album 双丞戏 A Tale Of Two Rainie.
双丞戏 A Tale Of Two Rainie is 楊丞琳 Rainie Yang’s 9th album under her belt where this is the first album she released under the new recording label EMI which is a sub-label of Universal Music.
In her first public event at a music showcase which was held in Bentley Music Auditorium in Mutiara Damansara, Petaling Jaya, 楊丞琳 Rainie Yang is delighted to meet her fans with the purpose of bringing her latest music in the form of an album for all.
One of the highlight of the music showcase was when a fan asked 楊丞琳 Rainie Yang particularly about 2 guys which appears to be close with the star, the star who is well known for her straight forwardness went mad in a very cute way and responded asking security to escort the fan out in a joking manner.
楊丞琳 Rainie Yang has a new hairstyle which shows a more manly side of her received tons of cheers shouting that she still look as beautiful and cute. The star then replied saying she know that it’s a fact, guess that’s what make her fans love her so much – her being direct.
The other highlight of the music showcase has got to be when 楊丞琳 Rainie Yang performed a clean version of 失忆的金鱼 without and background music due to popular demand. Fans of 楊丞琳 Rainie Yang surely had a good night spending time with the Taiwan star.
Human hair mastermix - This hair product has been created by master mixing human hair with some of the most advanced fibers. This optimum combination, called Human Hair Mastermix, gives this product more volume, manageability, and makes the curls last longer. This style contains 5% of human hair, in varying lengths between 4: - 6". Human hair mastermix is only available though Shake-N-Go products.
Read the eBook Memories of the months, being pages from the notebook of a field-naturalist and antiquary (Volume 1) by Herbert Maxwell online for free (page 6 of 15)
Memories of the months, being pages from the notebook of a field-naturalist and antiquary (Volume 1) online
Online Library → Herbert Maxwell → Memories of the months, being pages from the notebook of a field-naturalist and antiquary (Volume 1) → online text (page 6 of 15)
Using the text of ebook Memories of the months, being pages from the notebook of a field-naturalist and antiquary (Volume 1) by Herbert Maxwell active link like:
read the ebook Memories of the months, being pages from the notebook of a field-naturalist and antiquary (Volume 1)
Numbers will be provided thirty minutes prior to the start of the sale. We will honor a watched list created prior.
If you have questions or would like additional information on any items in the sale, please give us a call at (800) 760-3430!
We are just scratching the surface and will continue to post photos. Keep checking back for more unique , one of a kind discoveries!
Copyright © Naperville Estate Sales. All Rights Reserved. | site by TAO Systems, Inc. | style by dcarter
Manada has been selected for the anual catalogue of Index Book "Select K" and also the european one, "Select C" :D
Manam name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2017. All rights reserved. MANAM and the MANAM logo are registered marks of MANAM NEWS NETWORK. Use of the MANAM name and/or logo on or as part of www.manamnews.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of MANAM News Network in respect of them. © Copyright MANAM NEWS Media and Investments Ltd 2017. All rights reserved.
“Details on events are updated as they become available. If you do not see the details you need for a given event, keep checking back as the event details are updated regularly.”
can you buy viagra ebay Canadian Viagra buy viagra online cheap uk Viagra Cost order real viagra online
Home > Public Events & Appearances > 2016 > 24th January - "Certain Women" Photo Call at the Sundance Film Festival
German best 100% free afro-american dating site join loveawake's fun online community of black single men and women browse thousands of dating i did read nice things about st george in queensland so now i'll try to find a nice.
Festo us corporation is a leading supplier of pneumatic and electrical automation technology offering industrial and process automation, components and.
See what it's like to live in san germán, pr explore reviews and rent 43% own 57% explore san germán real estate 2 bed 2 bath single family. - rent from people in san germán, puerto rico from $20/night find unique places to stay with local hosts in 191 countries belong anywhere with.
The right flag of san german, puerto rico consist of three the shield crown is ' masoned (mazonada) in sable (black) and adjured. Exploring what to see and do in san german can be overwhelming, but frommer's has the definitive guide on the internet for things to do.
Inter american university of puerto rico, san german's national student exchange inter san german: first private institution accredited in puerto rico by the black |, 0% full-year exchange accepted single term exchange accepted. San germán was the second city founded by the spanish in puerto rico ordered san germán and santa maria de guadianilla to be merged into a single city,.
San germán is a municipality located in the southwestern region of puerto rico ( us), south of the populations of san germán and santa maría de guadianilla be merged into a single city due to the black/african american, 1,989, 56.
Is no national ban on texting or using a wireless phone while driving, but a number of states have passed laws banning texting or wireless phones or requiring hands-free use of wireless phones while driving (2) but the ﬁnes they pass create little incentive for. Cell phones are dangerous cell phones have consistently evolved both in function and design ever since drmartin cooper first invented the wireless handset in 1973 in those days, cell phones were merely used to make calls and store numbers. Argumentative essay many accidents are blamed on distracted driving and most of the distractions are caused by cell phone usage however, some opponents feel that creating a law against cell phone use infringes their personal rights. The writing process – persuasive essay prompt: do you think cell phones should be allowed in school compose an essay to persuade the school community of your opinion.
I am writing about why cell phones are dangerous to people’s health the reason i chose this topic is because i use my cell phone a lot and want to know if it is hurting my health. Library research paper about smoking first plane ride essay about myself research paper on technology in education board el burlador de sevilla acto 2 analysis essay art essay personal cell phones dangerous essay concept of childhood essay introduction criminal justice internship essay essay schreiben englisch globalization recognizing the. Are cell phones dangerous some scientists have termed cell phones as having more dangerous effects on humans than cigarettes (lean, 2008) on the contrary, other scientists have defended cell phones from any harmful effects on human health.
If you are writing argumentative essay on cell phones, you can use our expert on argumentative essay on cell phones if you are writing argumentative essay on cell phones, you can use our expert on argumentative essay on cell phones open always email: [email protected] call now +1-315 515-4588 home about us. Are cell phones dangerous essay cell phones have slowly grown in popularity and function from the giant blocks that only worked when they felt like it, used by zack morris in saved by the bell, to the miniaturized computers that have far surpassed the dreams of most science fiction writers. St johns high school chandigarh admissions essay essays psychological criticism research paper on bioremediation loans cowboy essay heroes journey essay assignment instructions, well written expository essay powerpoint long term goals for college essay ascher s on compassion essay (cassini essay 2016 movies) essayists contemporary bathroom. Cell phones are potentially dangerous when people tend to talk on their cell phones while driving and by doing so it creates a greater risk of getting into an accident sometimes when you’re talking on the phone, you tend to lose your attention on the road because of your focus on the person that’s talking to you. Uk regional policy an evaluation essay how to start my research paper name essay on world water day research papers networking dissertation uni regensburg chemie (guerre et paix argument essay) essay about the spread of islam.
Argumentative essay about are cell phones dangerous a brand new hypothesis suggest that cellular phones on university environment due to the undeniable fact that they are a highly distractive effect about the learning culture. Are cell phones dangerous argumentative essay posted by | september 30, 2018 | are cell phones dangerous argumentative essay the effects of reality tv essay guerre au mali explication essay person centred theory essays on love. In terms of writing a term paper on cell phones, the thesis would depend upon specifically what you plan to write about in terms of your introduction and thesis statement.
Argumentative essay on cell phones cell phones: on the other hand there are several sources that dismiss these accusations of the dangerous cell phones as rumors, it is just simply a way for people to make money some say , cell phones argumentative essays, sample argumentative essay on cell phones newer post older post home hot essays. In the essay “ cell phone and social graces”, charles fisher elaborates on the use of cell phone and shows how careless, sometimes inconsiderate, and needy most people are when using their cell phones charles fisher pointed out the negative when people. Despite these concerns, people are still fixated on their phones that are dangerous to not only the driver but also other road users according to the recent road statistics, more than 22 recent of fatal road accidents are caused by teenagers using their cell phones while driving. Breast cancer essay paper nature pollution essay in hindi essay services review essay french revolution whole essay my financial career essay mera priya khel hockey essay in hindi essay on.
Argument essay on the use of cell phones while driving cell phones were introduced in the united states market in the decade of 1980 and their usage instantly grew during next two decades the trend of using cell phones has increased throughout the world.
Cell phones require constant use of your hands, especially when sending text messages and e-mails which lead towards death because cell phones biggest distractions in the car for driver driving is one of the most dangerous daily activities that individuals engage in.
Everyday people die in car accidents because they use cell phones while driving according to research cell phones are leading factors that cause accidents cell-phones while driving argumentative essay there are evidences that they are dangerous and people should avoid talking while driving. How mobile phones help business essay connective product marking technologies like rfid and emerging standards for the use of these defining specific locations using global location numbers, the basic supply chain is rapidly evolving into what is known as a supply chain network. Argumentative essay on are cell phones dangerous thesis: using mobile phone persuasive essay on cell logically, you begin argumentative writing and other hand, yes no cell phones do not be allowed in title page cell phone use a loud vibrate or a definite defining.
A single mom who works long nights and has a long daily commute, found Nerd Fitness, and also happens to be one of my favorite people and one of our best success stories.
Leslie was playing the Game of Life on Nightmare Difficulty with multiple time-sucking jobs, a brutal commute, and a love of fast food, all while being a single parent.
Since joining the Nerd Fitness community, she has become a powerlifting, handstand-practicing, gymnastic ring-wielding, extroverted, cross-country-moving, happily-in-a-relationship supermom.
While Leslie’s transformation started in her fitness, you’ll see below how quickly it spread to almost every area of her life. No matter what situation you’re in, we can all learn something from her powerful story.
I’m extra proud today to be sharing Leslie’s story, because she’s one of the longest running members of our 1-on-1 NF Coaching Program. As a member for well over a year, she’s not shy in sharing about how her personal coach helped her on the journey.
At the end of the day though, it’s Leslie that deserves 100% of the credit for her success, her transformation, and her new life. And we couldn’t be more proud of her.
STEVE: Hey Leslie! Thanks so much for taking the time to do this interview with us – for those that didn’t get a chance to meet you at Camp NF 2016 and don’t know your story, fill us in!
LESLIE: I’m a single, working mom who wears A LOT of hats for a living! I’m a Graphic & Web Designer with a freelance design business, and in 2001 I accidentally started a Limousine manufacturing company, which I still operate as my “day job.” Most recently, I’ve added a little online retail side business into the mix that I can run from anywhere, which I’m looking to get off the ground in 2018, so I can spend less time chained to my desk and more time out in the world exploring.
STEVE: Jeez, no wonder you’re so busy and struggled with getting healthy! It sounds like you’re always on the move, always working, and always grinding. Can you talk me through what a typical day was like before you stumbled across Nerd Fitness?
LESLIE: As a total night owl with a long, early morning commute, I would stay up late watching TV, go to bed around 1am, wake up exhausted at 5:30am, sit in traffic for an hour or longer, suck down a pot of coffee to stay awake, grab fast food for lunch, sit at my desk all day, sit in traffic again for an hour or longer, grab fast food for dinner, then sit and watch TV or play video games while munching on cheese puffs, until 1am.
Weekends would be spent hermit-ing at home, with pretty much the same routine of fast food for meals, and TV/video games or reading until the wee hours of the morning. That’s a whole lot of sitting and mindless eating!
STEVE: I hear ya. When you have long exhausting days, the only thing you can think about when you get home is escape: be it with fast food, TV, video games, or all of the above. I’m interested to know how many times prior to Nerd Fitness had you tried to lose weight?
LESLIE: I’ve been overweight my whole life. I’ve attempted every diet out there, starved, binged, starved again, the whole nine yards. I hated exercise because I couldn’t do anything without launching into a full-blown asthma attack, so I avoided it.
By the time I turned 13, I was severely overweight and heavier than most adults! In my 20s, I joined a name brand program that actually helped me reach my goal weight. I had done it! I had ZERO energy and I was hungry ALLLLL the time but who cared – I was “cured,” right!?
I was now normal and told myself I could stop dieting and just eat like everyone else. I joined a gym and became a treadmill hamster – I hated it, and still had no energy, and was hungry all the time.
Because I was so unhappy I eventually stopped going, stopped eating right, and slowly the bad habits came back and my weight went up. Before I knew it I was even heavier than when I started. From that point on I became a career yo-yo dieter, chasing whatever new fad or gimmick came on the market, with no real lasting success.
LESLIE: My brother and I were Steam chatting and playing an online game together called “Don’t Starve” (ironic, no?), when the conversation turned to how I was so tired, and I was going to bed hungry so I wasn’t sure how much lower I could drop my caloric intake, when he asked me if I had considered lifting weights.
He then sent me a link to “Meet Staci: Your New Powerlifting Superhero.” I connected with her story instantly, but I was hesitant to do yet “another diet and fail,” so I blew it off for a few months and just kept doing what I was doing.
In December 2015, my 24-year-old son was diagnosed as prediabetic, and I was crushed by the guilt of having taught him all my crappy eating habits. He knew he needed to lose weight, but he didn’t know how to go about it and didn’t want to spend a bunch of time weighing and measuring food or counting points. He didn’t even actually care what he weighed; he just wanted to feel better in his own skin (and not die).
On January 1st, 2016, as had been my habit for sooooo many New Year’s Days in the past, I decided to start dieting again, and brought my son along for the ride. We gave up the daily fast food runs, switched to homemade meals, and the weight started coming off.
We were using a points-based system for calculating our meals at the time, and I was doing all kinds of fuzzy math to figure out how to squeeze our “less-healthy” favorite convenience foods into our meal plan so he wouldn’t get discouraged that he “couldn’t have something.” He then made a comment to me that he would rather have real food than waste the points on the less-healthy option “just because he had points available.”
In that very moment, I realized I wasn’t really changing my eating habits, I was just sacrificing real food to eat processed junk, which offered temporary pleasure but left me hungry at night.
(Speaking of which, I know learning about nutrition can be daunting, which is why we made a free 10-Level Nutritional Blueprint to help you start to make sense of all of this. You can grab your printable guide free when you sign up in the yellow box below!)
LESLIE: In April of 2016, as my progress began stalling, I got a text message from a guy I had a crush on, that said he was going to be in town in the next month, and did I want to meet up for dinner?
I said yes, freaked out, went online to find the fastest way to lose another 10 lbs in a month, and then remembered the story about Staci. I figured I needed to do something different if I wanted different results, and I joined the NF Academy that day!
In the NF Academy I started the “Walk to Mordor” quest, and once my week of walking was up, I found I really enjoyed the daily walks so I kept going, and my son decided to join me.
10 minute daily walks turned into 1 mile walks every other day, which led to 2 mile walks plus a 3 mile walk on the weekends, and so on.
After the Academy, I joined the NF coaching program, then attended Camp NF 2016, and by the end of 2016, we had each lost over 90 lbs.
We spent all of 2017 in maintenance mode to help our bodies adjust to the losses and find new set points (Thank you Coach Jim!). Flash forward to 2018, I’ve been in maintenance at my goal weight for over a year!
STEVE: You have officially melted my heart, Leslie – I am so happy for you and how you’ve managed to turn things around for you, your son, and your relationship! Tell me more about coaching with Jim – what made you decide to try out NF Coaching and why did you stay for a full year?
LESLIE: After joining the Nerd Fitness Academy and reading through all of the content, I had a pretty good idea of how to get started, and I knew what end results I wanted.
The problem was I wasn’t really sure what to do “in the middle” to get there and had collected too much information without action – in other words, I had a big collection of underpants!
I wanted to set and tackle goals that were specific to my situation and lifestyle: I needed to lose weight AND get stronger, all without wasting a lot of time and effort in trial-and-error mode.
I realized that the more I read, the more I worked out, the more I tweaked my diet, the more questions I had. Most of all, I wanted to lose the weight and KEEP it off, and I knew that I was going to have to come at this with a completely different approach than anything I had ever done previously.
Then NF introduced the 1-on-1 private NF Coaching program, which sounded like the exact right thing I needed to help me wade through all of the information, develop the exact right plan for my situation, and meet my long-term goals, so I signed up and got paired with Jim (who you might recognize from all of our Academy videos with Staci!)
I spent the next several months working with NF Coach Jim to develop the correct eating plans, exercise routines, and habits, while also receiving feedback through form checks, and countless tips on how to stretch properly, increase my endurance, lift heavier, and work smarter (not harder) to reach my goals. I finally had somewhere I could confidently turn to with all of my questions, which was so incredibly reassuring!
But, as I was nearing that “magical goal weight” on the scale I started to panic. I had been at my goal before – that was the easy part. What I didn’t know and needed to learn was “what to do once I hit my goal” to make the changes permanent. I decided to stay a full year so that Jim could teach me how to maintain that loss while fine-tuning my body.
I can say with 100% certainty that had I not joined the NF Coaching Program, I would not have found this success on my own, especially not in such a short amount of time!
STEVE: I hear you, and that’s tough for many to admit! As somebody who has ALSO had an online coach (for 4 years now), I can say it’s the best investment I’ve ever made too.
I thought it would be weekly, generic workout/nutrition assignments sent by my coach in an impersonal, drill-sergeant-like, bootcamp fashion, with some check-ins along the way to keep me accountable.
I expected to receive a strict list of what I could/couldn’t eat – when I had to do my workouts – when I had to check in, etc.
What I found instead was a very friendly, intelligent, enthusiastic coach who made an amazing effort to tailor personalized programs for nutrition, exercise, mindset around ME. Jim gave me the freedom of not only planning my workouts around my busy schedule, but he never seemed “judgey” or condescending about what I ate or what I could/couldn’t physically do.
My coach felt more like a “workout partner” than a drill sergeant, always asking how I was doing, where I needed help, what my new goals were, and even helping me figure out ways to stretch better, heal faster, and work harder, the smart way.
He never made me feel bad for where I was in my journey, or what I couldn’t accomplish, which is invaluable in a coach, because it helped keep me motivated and always looking forward!
STEVE: This is the EXACT reason we launched our coaching program: non-judgmental accountability and professional guidance in the way you need to be coached! Talk to me about your workout routine: were most of your workouts done at home – body weight? Or did you do free weights?
You made it look easy, and I loved that I had everything I needed right there in the comfort of my own home – no hunting for parking spots, or psyching myself out to walk through the door of the gym, and even better, no membership required.
I was all excited to get started – I did my warm-up, about 8 squats, and then I thought I was going to die. I knew I was out of shape but hadn’t realized how bad it was.
Then a funny thing happened: the next day I could barely stand up to get out of my car (delayed soreness), and rather than become discouraged, I kept giggling!
Every time I felt the “ouch,” I was so proud of myself, and I actually looked forward to the next workout.
As the bodyweight workout got easier, I began adding in free weights, and then fancy stuff like deadlifts happened!
Now I do a combo of free weights, bodyweight training, gymnastic rings and handstand work, walking, sprinting, and swimming, which I vary with my mood and the weather to keep things interesting.
STEVE: I love how varied your training has become – it sounds like you’re actually doing things you love too! So we both know nutrition is 90% of the battle. What’s been your diet strategy?
LESLIE: In the past I was all over the place on this one, from counting food points, to calories, to macros, and through the Academy and the Coaching Program I discovered that I eat the healthiest, stress the least, and feel my best when I stick to being about 95% Paleo.
It is so much less complicated for me, is more convenient for cooking meals in bulk, and is easier to stick to when I am eating on the run or away from home. I mostly pick simple, whole foods like fruits, veggies, and meats, with the occasional dairy, and add in brown rice/sweet potato on workout days.
I’ve found that I need to stay away from processed foods and quick snacks like cereal, granola bars and almonds/nut butters, because they become triggers for me and I don’t want to slip back into those mindless snacking habits.
To stay accountable, I weighed myself weekly. I was so focused on the numbers on the scale that it didn’t occur to me to take measurements until it was on my NF Academy quest list – but as a gamer I did the quest to get the points and found it helped!
I now take measurements every few months and eventually even bit the bullet and had 2 DEXA body scans. I only weigh myself on the first of the month to make sure I am staying within my target range, and then adjust my routine if needed.
STEVE: You’ve changed so much over the past few years. Looking back, what has been the toughest change you made?
LESLIE: I made little changes as I went along, rather than giant drastic ones, so I was able to adjust to the healthier eating habits and workouts pretty easily.
Where I struggled the most was in seeing myself in photos and coming to terms with what I looked like.
I would feel so freaking amazing and then take a photo and think “OMG, do I really still look that yucky and frumpy?” and it would deflate me.
Inside I felt like gold bikini Princess Leia, but all I could see in the snapshots was Jabba the Hutt. I hated seeing myself in photos so much that I almost quit the NF Academy when I found out I had to take “before pictures.”
I literally cried after seeing my starting photos, cursed you in my head for making me take them, but made a folder called “UGH” and stuck them in there so I could earn my NFA quest points and move forward.
STEVE: I’m glad you read the part of that “take photos!” quest that said “you don’t have to look at the photos, just take them and put them in a folder somewhere, you’ll thank me later”! Anyways, please continue!
LESLIE: People were complimenting me on how great I looked but I wasn’t seeing any progress in my pictures; all I could see were the flaws and how much work I still had ahead of me.
In this journey, the toughest change I’ve had to make has been mentally; I’ve had to work really hard to stop being so critical of what I look like, and start celebrating my victories instead of obsessing over my flaws.
STEVE: That is often the biggest hurdle we have to overcome: what’s going on in our heads! Thanks for your honesty around that Leslie. Let’s bring things back to the positive: what was the most important change you think you made?
LESLIE: Working on my mindset and learning how to cope with different situations and emotions, instead of just focusing on food and exercise, has been the most important change for me.
I knew I had to eat better, and I knew I had to exercise; they’ve been drilling that into our heads since we were kids.
What I didn’t realize was how much of the undertaking involved dealing with issues from my past and learning how to handle them differently so I didn’t slip back into old unhealthy habits. Some of that process meant I had to figure out which situations and people I needed to eliminate from my life in order to begin healing.
I also had to learn to say “no” to people without feeling guilty, which was really hard to do at first, but as people saw my progress, they began to understand WHY I chose to rearrange my priorities and focus on me and my son instead, and they became supportive which helped a lot.
STEVE: I love that, and I’m so glad you and Jim worked together on your mindset too – it’s a big part of our coaching program and a big part of Nerd Fitness! So I have to know, what’s a typical day like for you NOW, after the changes?
LESLIE: I’m still a night owl with a long daily commute, but these days I eat real meals instead of fast food, which saves a crap ton of money and calories, do my walk/run or workout right when I get home from work instead of grabbing a bag of chips and plopping down on the couch.
I limit the TV/gaming time to just a few hours per week, making sure I don’t snack while doing so, and make an effort to head to bed no later than 10pm so I can get a decent night’s sleep, even if I can’t doze off right away.
I rarely watch TV on the weekends anymore, and instead head out to the mountains or desert to go camping or wheeling and get in some hiking and climbing, and go actual grocery shopping to get what I need for the upcoming week instead of zipping through drive-thrus, which really helps me stay on track.
LESLIE: The change to my physical appearance has been amazing, but the biggest changes have actually been in my confidence levels and mindset, which I believe have made the most substantial difference for me.
I’m very shy and super socially awkward, especially around new people. The old version of me would get invited to something, and the first thought I would have before deciding to accept or not was “can I lose enough weight first.”
I would go into starvation mode to “lose a few pounds” before the event, then fail, then berate myself, then cancel at the last minute. On the occasions where I couldn’t back out, I would hang out on the sidelines hoping to blend in with the wall to avoid having to talk to people unless they came up to me first.
I had a hard time carrying on conversations because I was so uncomfortable I couldn’t look people in the eyes for very long.
These days, when I get an invite to something, my weight never even crosses my mind! I have met some amazing people and enjoyed so many new experiences that I would have missed out on had I not lost the weight!
I no longer have trouble approaching new situations or interacting with new people, and I can keep and maintain eye contact (in a totally non-creepy way, I swear). I am so much more confident in every aspect of my life that I find it much easier to seize new opportunities as they materialize without going into a panic attack, which makes me feel so much more engaged with my life!
And that crush I mentioned that helped kickstart this whole journey? He’s now my boyfriend and we celebrated our one-year anniversary last fall!
STEVE: I’m not crying, you’re crying. You’re the best Leslie. Is there anything about the new you that the old you would be surprised to learn?
For most of my life I was so caught up in my weight and how I thought others perceived me that I convinced myself my shyness and lack of ability to talk to people was because I was an introvert.
Labeling myself an introvert was like giving myself acceptable permission to not participate in life, like it was something I couldn’t control so why bother.
Now I have no problem talking to people, and I actually look forward to social events! That is a HUGE change for me!
STEVE That is amazing, Leslie! We all give ourselves labels or self-identify as a certain thing that can often keep us prisoner! I’m glad your physical transformation helped you transform on the inside too.
So now let’s talk about what’s next! What are your goals moving forward? What kind of awesomeness do you want to do in your new body?
When I started all I wanted to do was lose weight. I had a random target number that I thought needed to be on the scale for me to be happy, and figured once I got there, that was it, the end, roll credits.
What I discovered, instead, was that I actually love running (WTF?), and lifting weights (the Wolverine Workout is my FAVORITE), and exploring the great outdoors, and archery… OMG I love archery! My goals are to add in as much of that stuff into my life as possible, and figure out what else is out there that I haven’t even considered yet!
I would pick up pencils or chopsticks and play along to the beats in my favorite songs. I would play Guitar Hero, and do pretty good for a while, but would eventually get off beat because all I could feel were the notes from the drums.
So, when the “Embrace Your Inner Noob” quest from the Academy appeared on my to-do list, I sucked it up, stepped outside my comfort zone, found a drum teacher, and started lessons… and actually didn’t suck.
STEVE: I know there are TONS of Nerd Fitness readers right now who are at your “Day 1.” Do you have any words of advice for those folks?
You are where you are for whatever reason, but it is only temporary and does not define who you are or who you can become! Next, make a few tiny tweaks you can live with instead of drastic changes you can’t sustain.
Allow yourself the freedom to make a plan, experiment, screw up, see what works… and what doesn’t, and give yourself the flexibility to adjust as needed, or start over, without beating yourself up!
There was no one magical thing that worked for me, but instead, several little things that, over time, added up to changes I could make permanently.
STEVE: Thank you for sharing. So I feel like you’ve referenced both Nerd pillars in this interview, but if you had to pick one…Star Wars or Lord of the Rings?
LESLIE: Ohhhhh, so much LOTR! If I could magic myself into that world as an Elven Ranger, I would do it in a heartbeat! In fact, the NF Character System that allowed me to be a Ranger was one of the things that made me excited to join NF in the first place, and then when I saw that there was a Nerd CAMP… with ARCHERY… I was sold!
STEVE: Fair enough, I’ll cancel that “life-sized ghost clown” I was gonna send you as a thanks for letting me interview you!
I bet there are parts of that interview above that made you go “hey, I do that too!” or “Hey, that’s exactly how my brain works as well!”
I wanted to quickly distill the most important parts of Leslie’s journey into bite-sized nuggets of wisdom you can take with you (but not eat):
Leslie had started and stopped a bazillion times in the past with regards to getting in shape. She was always chasing quick fixes and losing weight in a miserable way only to put the weight back on. She began another half-hearted attempt to lose weight and then life threw her a powerful curveball: Her son was diagnosed as pre-diabetic.
This rocked her to her core, knowing that it was HER habits that he had learned from. She knew something had to change, and they began exercising together. Knowing that she had to fail differently, she thought back to that success story that resonated with her.
Leslie had stumbled across Staci’s success story on Nerd Fitness and instantly identified with her. Here was a woman who had been overweight, tried every diet under the sun (which led to an eating disorder), exercised in a way that made her unhappy, and then ultimately found her new identity as a powerlifter.
She gave herself permission to believe that if Staci could become a powerlifter and not get bulky, than MAYBE there was something to this whole “pick up heavy weights to get strong and lose weight and look damn good and actually enjoy the process” strategy.
Leslie wanted to be like Staci, but she didn’t know where to start. She knew the starvation/treadmill option didn’t work, and she didn’t have years and years to spend doing more trial-and-error. She decided to make an investment in herself and try a program that spoke her language as a gamer: the Nerd Fitness Academy. She started following the quests to earn points, even then quests that pushed her outside of her comfort zone!
As she started to see progress, her mentality started to shift: after years of struggle, things were finally working! And she wondered what would happen if she dialed up the guidance, accountability, and expert knowledge. Leslie was in a fortunate position that she could afford to invest in herself to save time, but most importantly, hire expert guidance and accountability. It led her to try out Nerd Fitness Coaching and make a commitment that helped her supercharge her transformation.
When Leslie encountered Nerd FItness, she had 30+ years of boom-and-bust, starve-and-gain-it-back mentality to overcome, and 100 pounds of inertia to overcome too. It was a daunting battle that she had lost many many times before.
When she joined our community, and ultimately made a 6-month commitment to our coaching program (which ended up continuing for a year), she did so because she started realizing that this wasn’t a problem that could be fixed in a few weeks.
Leslie had a LOT of baggage to unpack, a lot of mental hang ups that needed to be addressed, and knew that building new habits takes time and accountability!
This is the one that I think separated Leslie from another half-hearted attempt and failure at weight loss. When she attempted our beginner bodyweight workout for the first time, she was so tired during and so sore the next day that she could barely move. This is where most people use soreness or the fact that they struggled with the workout as a negative thing that causes them to give up before they get started. Leslie flipped the script, and like a true stoic, laughed at her “slow start.”
She took the soreness as a sign that what she was doing was WORKING! And she loved feeling sore. Leslie knew that if she struggled at a beginner workout, that she started at just the right time and that she could see progress would come. Week after week, month after month, she chased that soreness and challenge. Eventually the bodyweight workout became too easy, so she constantly upped the difficulty (with the guidance of her coach) to stay addicted to progress and learning what she was capable of.
After all, as gamers we need to feel progress and that our efforts are WORTH IT, right? Which is why she kept searching for more dragons!
Leslie had lost weight in the past the traditional way – treadmills and low calorie plastic food. She was so miserable that she eventually gave up on this strategy and put all of the weight back on (and then some).
This time around, we helped her change her mindset. She knew that she would “never be done,” and that a temporary diet meant temporary results. So she had to enjoy the process! And that meant having fun and picking activities and a style of eating that she could live with permanently.
At the same time, Leslie had a coach that was constantly updating her goals and giving her new challenges and dragons to slay.
Although she initially set out to just “lose the weight,” once she started approaching her goal weight, she found a love of exercise and the pride and confidence that comes along with it.
Now Leslia wants to find out what she’s capable of – she does handstand practice. And gymnastic rings work. She’s getting strong as hell. She loves running! This is the same woman who couldn’t be bothered to get off the couch 18 months ago.
It’s no longer about weight loss for her – she is always working on something new and thinking of what her new body is capable of.
And I love that more than anything! Nothing makes me happier than hearing from somebody who just wanted to lose weight and then realized they somehow actually like exercise these days.
It’s tough to put Leslie’s words into a condensed format, but if I had to TL;DR the whole thing, it would be this:
After she started having success, she decided it was worth the money to hire professional accountability and expert guidance (NF Coaching).
As she lost weight, she and her coach constantly picked new goals that she enjoyed and that challenged her so that she never fell back into old habits.
I’d love for you to check out our 1-on-1 NF Coaching Program and decide if it’s something you’d like to learn more about.
If coaching isn’t your thing, we also have two other options that have helped tens of thousands of nerds like you:
And if you want none of those things and just want to keep reading free Nerd Fitness content, that’s cool too.
Make a commitment to yourself. Decide that 6 months from now you’re going to be a different person. Start with small changes and surround yourself with people that are cheering you on.
Make an investment in yourself, be it with time or money. Research programs to follow, or work with a pro to build one that fits your situation. Find an accountability buddy or hire professional accountability. And you can figure all of this out on your own too – I hear Nerd Fitness has some okay resources
Astonishing Idea Home Furniture Ideas Best Inspiration. As sofas occupy the big region of the living area so make certain that they ought to be comfortable and shouldn t overlook the intention behind the area Including a sofa to an already darkened room is a little tricky For instance nothing states that you require a […]
Sofa Furniture Design Simple Decor Idfabriek. A modern home showcases space as opposed to things which is the reason why the room furniture is chiefly clutter less and sleek It is preferable to use individual furniture chairs or tables in order to modify the furniture of the location for unique occasions and so use the […]
Simple Hall Designs For Indian Homes More About These Interiors. Your new sofa will work as a focus of your living space therefore it s ideal to purchase a parcel of furniture that is suitable for in the decor of your room Light colored sofas present an entirely different set of challenges They are vital […]
Tags: 10x10 bedroom floor plan, bedroom furniture designs with price, bedroom ideas pinterest, cheap bedroom furniture sets under 500, contemporary toddler bed, design your own kitchen layout, how to draw a couch side view, how to draw furniture step by step, how to organize a small bedroom with a lot of stuff, kids bedroom sets under 500, lcd tv background wall design, living room colors photos, living room ideas pinterest, living room layout ideas, luxury master bedrooms celebrity bedroom pictures, master bedroom interior design pink, modern bedroom designs for small rooms, simple home furniture, sofa set designs pictures with price, tv panel designs for living room
Teak Wood Furniture Designs Simple Decor. In case the space licenses you might have all around prepared kitchen Well in case you have a little modular kitchen there are various ways to make it appear big and store multiple accessories easily The kitchen ought to be planned in such a manner it does not continue […]
Furniture Modern White Girls Bedroom With Purple. Whether you are in possession of a large or little room a dresser can easily result in an incredible decor piece In the event the room is large then you re able to use dark deep colours as an example burgundy or plum It is not hard to […]
Tags: box bed design images, cheap bedroom furniture sets under 200, free printable woodworking plans, how to arrange living room furniture in a rectangular room, how to decorate living room in indian style, how to make handmade home decor items, lcd panel design in drawing room, modern bed design catalogue pdf, modern living furniture, modern twin bed with trundle, sectional living room sets, small kitchen design layout 10x10, small master bedroom ideas, teak wood sofa set images, wooden furniture design catalogue
Wooden Sofa Set Simple Design Details Bic Furniture India Home. Don t even suppose whether it will healthy the furniture saved inside the room Occasionally it ll only be a massive overstuffed sofa with a few overstuffed chairs that likewise block off almost all of the room Furniture is crucial for your bedroom Furniture with […]
Tags: 8x10 kitchen layout, bedroom designs india, cheap decorating ideas for bedroom walls, double bed design latest, how to decorate a small house with no money, how to decorate my room walls, how to draw a sofa in perspective, lcd tv cabinet designs photos, living room designs for small spaces, modern wardrobe furnitures, pottery barn toddler bedding, sectional living room sets, simple living furniture manufacturer, small bedroom ideas pinterest, small kitchen design indian style, tv room ideas for families, twin bedroom sets, twin beds for adults with storage, unique furniture designs
Dwellstudio Modern Furniture Store Home D Cor. Your child s room can be difficult to decorate because a few of them like entertainment bright colours and themes Think beyond the box when you select storage for a little attic bedroom Decorating the master bedroom is about manipulating space with a feeling of aesthetics and style […]
Boy And Girl In Bedroom Yellow Lacquered Wood Kid Bed Cabinet. White furniture is remarkably cozy as an example large white sofas White furniture in Nursery White furniture is going to be a win win choice for the nursery When you have made the decision to design and decorate your house in a contemporary design […]
N Living Room Tv Cabi Designs Furniture Design Hall. It relies on the concept of functional decor with neat architecture Over time the space will expand on you The space under each of the furniture has to be open without furniture coverings that reach to the ground You might also want space to set your […]
Tags: 8x10 kitchen layout, beautiful bedroom designs, bedroom furniture sets sale, contemporary furniture stores near me, decorating small spaces on a budget, indian kitchen design for small space, latest sofa designs 2016, mid century modern twin bed, modern black and white bedroom furniture, small bedroom decorating ideas on a budget, small tv room furniture arrangement, unique kids beds
Rustic Cabin Furniture Tedxumkc Decoration. It s extremely important to pick the most suitable furniture design once it comes to selecting a bed for a little bedroom By doing this you d be in a position to explore latest furniture designs for your property In order to make an impression of modernization the designs should […]
Office Decorating Ideas On A Budget Themes. Planning to remodel your whole house then you must choose the correct interior designer which suits your plan The plan calls for a symmetrical landscape which includes geometric shapes therefore it tends to have a more formal appearance As the interior design is likely to stay for quite […]
Home Office Library Design Ideas Entrancing. Possessing a generic office is observed by some as an indication your company isn t thinking beyond the box and risks being left behind Though your office should have almost everything an individual would need to run a day of work or company the room shouldn t be cramped […]
Tags: classic executive office, computer table design for bedroom, desks for small spaces with storage, executive desk, home library office, home office in living room, how to decorate a small office at work, ikea uk, l shaped desk plans woodworking, office building design concepts, office decoration ideas, office desk sets, small office setup, the office space rooftop, unfinished basement man cave ideas, wardrobe with mirror
The order of strokes of Chinese characters are traditionally classified into eight basic forms, each appearing in the character "eternally" and according to their contemporary names("Dian", "Heng", "Shu", "Gou", "Ti", "Pie", "Duan Pie", "Na"). Though somewhat arbitrary, this system has remained popular for nearly two millenia. Go to this page to learn more about the order of strokes of Chinese characters.
You can extend what you've learned about operations and fractions to decimals as well. Remember that a terminating decimal can be thought of as a fraction with a power of 10 as the denominator (e.g., 0.4 = 4/10). Note 5
We need to line up the decimal points because we can only add or subtract if the units are the same. By aligning the decimal points, we make sure that we are adding or subtracting digits that have the same place values, just as we do when we add or subtract whole numbers.
From the section on exponents in Session 3, we know that multiplication with exponents requires adding, or "counting," the exponents. So, for example, 0.2  0.03 in the exponential form is the following:
The exponents are -1 and -2, which are one and two places, respectively, to the right of the decimal point. The product will then have an exponent that is the sum of -1 and -2 (i.e., -3), and is three places to the right of the decimal point. The product of 0.2  0.03 is 0.006:
This process is related to finding equivalent fractions. You can think of the division as a fraction. Since the problem 2.5 0.05 is hard to visualize, write it as 2.5/0.05. You need a whole number in the denominator, so multiply by 100 to get a whole number. To compensate for multiplying the denominator by 100, you must also multiply the numerator by 100. That means that you actually multiplied by 100/100, or 1, which doesn't change the value of the fraction. Here's what the process looks like:
The GST (Goods and Services Tax) is a comprehensive indirect tax that is being implemented by the Government of India on July 1st. It is a considered as a historical tax reform in India. The new tax system has many merits and demerits. The implementation of the GST has changed the business landscape in India.
Many businesses have been affected due to the change of indirect tax system with GST. If you are an owner of a business, then you must be looking at some software solutions, which will take care of your worries regarding the GST compliance.
ERP software could be the answer to all of your needs related to GST and other accounting challenges, that you have been facing while running your business. You need the GST registration number multiple times at every stage from generating an invoice till filing your returns.
The biggest challenge in the GST implementation in India is the transition phase, which affected almost all the businesses including small and big enterprises in the country. You might have faced many hurdles during the transition to GST. Due to lack of awareness about the new tax regime, many businesses have been facing hardship in the compliance as all the processes related to GST are online replacing the manual process of collecting the tax.
You are halfway mark crossed if you are already registered and got your GSTIN. Once, that is done, you need to get all the GSTIN number of your clients, which you need time and again to maintain the process and file your returns.
Unlike manufacturing, the service sector has much lesser hassles in the GST as they will be dealing with lesser HSN Code for their services offering to the clients. The small business, MSMEs might have faced lots of hurdles during the transition phase.
The biggest question is – why you need ERP software at all for GST compliance. It is obvious that everyone will have the same question when it comes to having a system for GST and accounting purpose.
The fact is that the current tax system is online, and documentation is the top priority to file your returns. You need to be more organized with your company’s activities. If you have a manufacturing industry and still your following manual documentation of the processes like accounting, inventory, stock move, operations, invoicing and logistics, then you need to think again. On the contrary, a software application could give your better result and help you to optimize without putting extra efforts.
By adopting ERP software application, you can do your all tasks more efficiently without facing hardship. Moreover, the ERP application will come with all the modules like sales, manufacturing, invoicing, accounting, product, human resources, etc. those are essential to run a business. ERP systems are available with the GST features and other Indian taxation modules, which needs no customization, and you can start using the application directly as per your requirement.
Generating the invoices is easy in the application, you need to configure the tax rates such as CGST, SGST & IGST, while rest steps will be taken care by the application itself.
The software is the only option you have to maintain your records efficiently. You should prepare ready to show all your transactions and those need to be recorded in the system. And, it would be a healthy practice if you could show all the 100 percent transactions and records of your business for tax filing purpose.
GST is a technology-enabled solution and you don’t have other option than adopting new technology and IT infrastructure in your business. It will help you to increase your productivity as well as reduce your worries over the GST compliance. The software will also come handy while filing your GST returns monthly as you need to file three times in a month, as per the new guidelines.
You need to optimize your departments and records to file the GST returns. You need best accounting software for all your accounting needs. The best ERP software application like Odoo solutions has many modules for your business those can easily integrate with your existing software if you are using any application.
The ERP software will help you to optimize your entire business process and that you can do by implementing five to six important modules. You can get suggestions from ERP consultants in order to overcome from GST questions and worries.
Being the new kid in town, Ubabub were determined to make their first impression felt, positioning themselves as a premium-end nursery design products brand. Showcasing Magnetic's end-to-end brand service, this project encompassed naming, brand strategy and vision, brand identity and brand collateral (including product packaging, advertising, brochure design, art direction and photography, online design and print management).
Size S - No additional charge M - No additional charge L - No additional charge XL - No additional charge 2XL No additional charge
Saks Incorporated operates 353 stores in 38 states under the names of Saks Fifth Avenue, Proffitt's, McRae's, Younkers, Parisian, rolex replica, Carson Pirie Scott, Bergner's, Boston Store and Off 5th. All rights reserved. IDT Carmel Announces Joint Venture-- hublot replica, a subsidiary of IDT Capital, today announced the formation of a joint venture with First Financial Portfolio Management. IDT Carmel is a receivables portfolio management and collection cartier replica. "In the recent past, we saw opportunity and success in the entertainment industry and the Russian broadband and wireless rolex replica. We now see opportunity in the receivables portfolio management business. We've created IDT Carmel to explore this replica watches uk."The joint venture has agreed to purchase 12 monthly forward flow credit card debt portfolios from a major commercial bank beginning this month. The total investment will depend on the size of the portfolios provided by the replica watches.Since its formation in mid 2005, IDT Carmel has purchased $296 million of face amount of replica watches. IDT Carmel's collection operations are currently collecting approximately $255 million in face amount of rolex replica.
I didn't always want children. I know that’s not a typical confession to hear from someone who has dealt with infertility, but I married young, and resisted and resented the almost immediate pressure I felt to have children. I was in a new exciting world where women had a choice, and I was insulted by the inference that my biology would decide my place in the world, not my own thoughts, decisions, and talents. My husband was a little more traditional, but he also knew who he had married, and knew I could only have children when I was ready. So I spent many years brushing off the unwanted questions about when we were going to have children, building up the persona of the career woman who wasn’t interested in having children.
It wasn't just about the career though. I thought it was important to have children when I was ready, and not before. I wanted to be a mother that was fully present for her children, not resentful of her stolen youth. I also wanted to feel the maternal urge, and so I waited. At times I wasn’t sure if it was going to arrive, but it ambled up to me in my mid-30s. By the time I first conceived, I was in its full grip. Whether it was simply biology (hormones and that ticking clock), my own natural wishes at the right time, or peer pressure, I don’t know and will never know. But I know I genuinely wanted to be a mother.
Of course, as is obvious now, it is not that easy. A long story short is that two ectopic pregnancies and two failed IVFs later, I knew I would never have children. I got the news on my 41st birthday. I've had better birthdays.
Coming to terms with the news was not easy. In retrospect, the persona I’d built up in the early years of my marriage – that I didn’t want children – protected me as I dealt with the realisation that I would never be a mother. But still, it was hard. At first, the truth of my situation hit more and more deeply. Each time I thought “when I have a baby” or “my children will ...” the pain hit anew. I wouldn't be having a baby. My children would never ... And this got worse before it got better, like punching a bruise that is already tender.
But it did get better. Gradually I realised that punching the bruise was pointless, and so my brain trained itself not to think about the babies I didn't have, would never have. My brain stopped me thinking of myself as a mother. This took time. But the good minutes, then hours, then days, then weeks, came more frequently. At times I fought against it, feeling guilty that – on the good days - I was not grieving enough. I wondered, if I didn't continue to grieve and mourn the life I thought I would have, then maybe that meant I didn't really ever want it, or if it meant I was upset simply because I didn't get what I thought I wanted. So I wondered if my pain was fake, wondering if I didn't really have permission to feel pain, if it meant I in fact deserved what had happened. Of course, now I look back and know my grief and pain was legitimate. But still, the process of recovery itself made me feel guilty.
But healing is a gradual process, and so gradually I realised that this endless sadness would not serve me well. Back in the early days, immediately after my ectopic losses, I had felt the power of joy, even with something as simple as a joke on a sit-com, or the warmth of the sun on my back, a favourite song, or sitting looking out at the sea and a blue sky. Grasping joy as it came, even when it was fleeting, was what healed me.
I realised too that feeling happy was not a betrayal, either of my lost babies, or of mine and my husband’s dreams. Feeling happy with my life did not mean I didn't want children enough, or that I didn't grieve enough. In fact, I felt strongly that I needed to be happy, to live well, in order to honour my losses, my pain. I still do. And so I guess I made the choice to be happy.
I didn't come to this insight over night. It took time. I read books written by those who had gone before me, and – on an internet forum I frequented and that had saved my soul in my darkest days of loss – I in turn shared my experiences with those who came after me. Helping them, responding to their raw grief, even whilst I was still healing myself, showed me how far I had come, and gave me insight into my own healing. Learning to find happiness, and value, out of what I had been through seemed to make sense of my loss. And so, over a couple of years, I was able to let go of the guilt.
And letting go of that guilt opened up the world to me. I was able to take joy in the aspects of my life that wouldn't be possible if I had children. I was able to read, and believe, research that promised that those of us without children would be able to have a happy life, and a happier old age. I realised that I may not have got what I wanted, but that’s not always a bad thing. I learned the secret of happiness is not to have what you want, but to want what you have.
And I am happy. I have a good life. No, a great life! I’m currently still basking in the memories of six weeks in Turkey and Europe – I couldn't have done that with kids. I'm so much more in touch with myself now, my emotions, my talents and yes, even my flaws. I suspect age has something to do with that. But I also think that my infertility and loss has tempered me, forged me into who I am today, someone who is wiser, kinder, more compassionate, more realistic, and yet more optimistic too; someone who is contented, happy. Someone I like.
This is my blog on living and loving life without children after infertility. Currently I'm a blogger, a self-employed businessperson, and traveller.
I blog on A Separate Life about my everyday life, but this is a space for thoughts on my No Kidding lifestyle, the good and the bad, remembering what was lost, and celebrating what I have.
My husband and I are the stereotypical couple without children who love to travel. I recently started Instagram where I am (at) travellingMali, and I'm posting photos of various trips (so far mainly our northern trip this year), and the occasional photo of where I live in NZ.
In 2013 I travelled in Europe and the Middle East for five months, and kept a blog at Lemons to Limoncello.
I also had a travelblog some years ago, but stopped posting in 2012, which you can see at Mali's Travelalphablog. I'm intending to start that up again, so watch this space!
We are very pleased to announced that our second Protected Spring in Uganda is now fully operational, giving more people clean water. Amazing.
A really great achievement for No More Durty Water to give this community clean water. This would not happen without the dedication of the Bridge Of Hope Children’s Ministry, to identify the location and the resources in Uganda.
Archives Select Month October 2017 August 2017 January 2017 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015
I was nominated for the Starlight Blogger award by 5cheekymonkeys whom I thank very much. This award is for inspirational blogs. I don’t actually follow many blogs, but I do read a lot of random blog posts through the reader. Generally what ever catches my attention I will read. I would never consider myself to be inspirational, I’m just a normal chick, living a normal life. Some of the blog posts I have read are dealing with huge issues and personal challenges, they’re truly inspirational.
Pass the award on to 6 or more other bloggers of your choice and let them know that they have been nominated.
What’s something you miss from your childhood? This answer should be my Mum, but truly I think I miss the freedom and carefree’ness of childhood. The never having to worry about anything except keeping warm and being fed.
Something that made you smile today? Walking the supermarket aisles with my hubby today and he requests that I make sausage rolls instead of buying them pre-made, “yours are better!” he says… Uh, well there ya go!!
Your favourite drink (not coffee!)? Jameson Whiskey straight up after a few with water and a squeeze of fresh lemon on ice.
Posted on July 18, 2015 Author nomsbloginateacupCategories Starlight Blogger AwardTags Starlight Blogger Award
This might seem like a boring photo but trust me, there’s history here and this is a MILESTONE. Coco (on the left) is a fucking bitch! She’s been conning him on for weeks now, getting her ‘bit on the perch’ and then exiling him from the nest making him roost on the top there. She’s a cranky cantankerous biatch!
Posted on July 22, 2016 Author nomsbloginateacupCategories 365 days of UsTags Breeding finches, Coco & Albert, Finch breeding, Latte and Coco, Zebra Finches
Got Apple Pay for your iPhone and Watch? It’s great, right? You can also use Apple Pay online with your Mac, buy with your iPad, and feel safe and secure about your purchase because Apple made Apple Pay work the way all electronic transactions should work. Is it any wonder that most such transactions and payments take place on Apple Pay that on other smart wallets?
The problem is obvious. Apple Pay cannot be used everywhere you want to be. It’s here. It’s there. It’s just not everywhere. McDonald’s has it. A few other restaurants have it. Walgreens drugs stores take Apple Pay. So does Macy’s but not Target. See the problem? I do not recall running into a retailer that does not take Visa or MasterCard, and usually both, but Apple Pay– despite being used more frequently than all others combined– isn’t everywhere.
Target and CVS want their customers to remain sticky on their own platforms. Ditto for other major retailers who fear losing their customers like hotels and airlines lost their customers to online shopping sites that do room and flight price comparisons. All that has happened here is customer, user, and service fragmentation of the highest order and it’s getting worse.
Once you try Apple Pay– or, to be fair; any other smart wallet which works in a similar manner– you realize just how antiquated cash, credit cards, and debit cards are (and, seriously, who uses a debit card except people who don’t know how bad things become when they’re lost or stolen?). Unless you’re living off the grid and have disavowed anything that uses electricity, Apple Pay is the cat’s meow but it’s starving in a world run by growing fragmentation at every corner.
Way back in the day most cities of nominal size had a daily newspaper, a couple of radio stations, and were near larger markets with their own TV stations. Information came the old fashioned way and from a limited variety of sources.
Today, thanks to the misinformation superhighway, we have millions of sources for information; most of them wrong, thanks to the advent of fake news, forums, article comment sections, and social media. I’ve been around the block a few times and some of what I read online is absolutely shockingly stupid and misguided– yet people believe what they read to the point where most Americans cannot differentiate fake news from real news.
How will those same people fare as society’s fragmentation extends into electronic purchases? It’s too easy for the masses to be deceived so there’s a growing need for a positive curator.
I remember telling our middle-school aged children that we couldn’t afford to buy something because it was expensive and we didn’t have extra money. One responded, “Just write a check, Dad.” I fear too many of today’s customers have a similar view toward managing money in the electronic age. Credit card limit reached? Get another credit card.
Apple can’t fix the social fragmentation problem but Apple Pay points out that some customers are willing to go an extra mile to get transactions done right, and that explains why Apple’s customers usually are more educated, have more disposable income, and take time to make financial decisions.
Airfoil streams any audio from your Mac to AirPlay, Bluetooth, and Chromecast hardware, all in sync. You can send any audio, anywhere. Get a free trial today!
Jeffrey has more than a few words "About App Subscription Sticker Shock" because apps are getting expensive.
The fastest way to upload and download files from and to your Mac is Yummy FTP Pro. File transfers use a built-in 'turbo' mode for simultaneous connections, with auto reconnect and resume, fully integrated into OS X.
Yummy FTP Pro, the site's sponsor this week, bookmarks, syncs settings between Macs, and syncs files one way and two way mirror; or use drag and drop FTP aliases.
Auf der linken Seite sehen wir noch das schöne Wetter, das sich gerade noch über Landmannalaugar befinden muss.
Place all the ingredients into a mini food processor or into a container that you can use with your handheld immersion blender. Blend until smooth, but stop before you annihilate all the little flecks of the red peppers. Chill. Serve.
This can be used on rolls, but I like it best on steaks, chicken, and even grilled vegetables. Isn’t it pretty?
Don’t be Irma Impatient and microwave the butter. Melting is not what you want. You want softening. Okay, fine. You can microwave it a teensy bit if you’re really in a hurry. Try 8 or 10 seconds. Show some restraint, please. Back away from the microwave.
My name is Mary Beth Guard and I have always been entranced by pretty food and well-appointed tables. I wear lots of different hats, from magician to banking attorney to landlady to business owner, but my heart is, and probably will always be, in the kitchen. I adore beautiful dishes, pretty napkins, well-plated food, and entertaining with style. Read more »
Archives Select Month November 2018 (12) October 2018 (6) September 2018 (1) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (6) April 2018 (1) March 2018 (21) January 2018 (11) December 2017 (20) November 2017 (8) June 2017 (8) March 2017 (12) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (10) December 2016 (9) November 2016 (6) October 2016 (6) August 2016 (17) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (3) March 2016 (13) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (7) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (13) September 2015 (11) August 2015 (1) May 2015 (3) January 2015 (1) December 2014 (1) September 2014 (1) May 2014 (8) March 2014 (1) September 2013 (1) August 2013 (1) July 2013 (6) April 2013 (2) February 2013 (1) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (17) September 2012 (7) August 2012 (11) July 2012 (19) June 2012 (16) May 2012 (11) April 2012 (14) March 2012 (21) February 2012 (2) December 2011 (7) November 2011 (12) October 2011 (5) September 2011 (30) August 2011 (13) July 2011 (21) June 2011 (16) May 2011 (19) April 2011 (54) March 2011 (23) February 2011 (25) January 2011 (10) July 2010 (16)
Astrophotography is a spectacular form of photography that has captured Mark's imagination and interest. He often ventures out to the darkest, most remote skies all around the country, enjoying the challenge of combining New Zealand's striking landscapes with the ethereal beauty of the night sky in new, creative ways.
These fine art prints are a selection of Mark's favorite images, which he has captured from the night skies all around New Zealand and beyond. They look stunning on...
These fine art prints are a selection of Mark's favorite images, which he has captured from the night skies all around New Zealand and beyond. They look stunning on any wall, and while they can be printed on basic archival paper, these particular images truly shine when printed on metallic paper.
International orders now available - just proceed through to the checkout with your address details.
There are different kinds of articles. There are also different styles in writing. Some writers are able to pull it off and continuously manage to come up with a well-written article. However, there are also writers who struggle in article writing.
They either fail in presenting facts and opinions in a pleasing manner or fail to meet the client’s demands. If you’re having a hard time searching for a good writer, here are the qualities you should look for.
Some writers have loads of ideas going through their minds that they find it a must to write everything. This is when the flow of their articles become quite random. The readers end up confused upon seeing different concepts in an article.
Good writers only pick one topic which they will explore in their work. The content of the article will revolve around this focal point. They also choose to include the interesting facts regarding their main topic to capture readers’ attention.
In article writing, writers need to use subtopics to explain their main topic to the readers. A good writer plans what he is going to write before executing his work. He organizes the subtopics in a logical manner on which the readers can easily follow the flow of the article.
For instance, his topic is about a mental condition. He will first define it, and then he will cite the subtopics which are causes, symptoms, treatments, and medications. A good writer does not jump from one subtopic to another, and then return to the first one. He presents the entire information about the first subtopic before proceeding to the next one.
The information about target readers is vital in article writing. A good writer makes sure that his article can serve its purpose to the readers. The readers should not be the ones to compromise. A good writer adjusts his writing style for the sake of his audience.
Good article writers are aware that the key to a successful article is its appeal to the readers. First, readers must comprehend whatever the article tackles. Second, they have to get something from it. Lastly, they have to be interested in reading other works of the writer.
Researching is another important thing in article writing. Research can now be done through the internet. However, a good writer knows that most of the information found online are not verified. He cannot depend solely on what he read online, especially if he’s writing about a critical topic.
Good article writers know where to get facts. They spend time and effort in researching for their article. They interview people who are experts about the focal point of their article. They even travel to places just to make sure that their facts are accurate.
Once the writer has gathered every fact and information needed, he starts creating a rough draft. He has his own way of revising his draft. He does not only focus on the credibility of his writing. He also considers the flow of the article. A good article writer is also not content with one draft. He edits and revises until the article is perfectly constructed.
One of the most important qualities of an article writer is his ability to draw the readers’ attention to his article. He can make an eye-catching headline and a really interesting introduction. Readers will not get enough and will keep on reading until they finish the article.
The writers sometimes use their own life experiences to make their article more exciting. They also include famous sayings that a lot of people can relate to.
Amazing Image of Cute Curtain Ideas is one of several design collections from 19 Photos Designs cute curtain ideas Excellent Ideas Lovable Cute Curtains For Living Room Ideas with Aliexpress Buy Custom Made Finished Curtains For Living which is one of the very popular designs of the year.Cute Curtain Ideas published on Sunday, September 9, 2018 At 3: 57 am.
We are have 19 beautiful pictures about Cute Curtain Ideas. We hope you enjoyed it and if you want to see the high pictures, simply just click the images and you will be redirected to extra large page of Cute Curtain Ideas.
The rights of images, videos, and other materials found in this website, that's not mcatc.org's property, remains to its respective owner/s.
Congratulations to Watson Plant Hire on the purchase of his two well presented new Scania P450 8x4 Tippers.
Wishing John and the team continued success! Health to drive. #McElvaneyMotors#Scania#ScaniaP450#TidyTippers
We had Lily's 1st birthday party last night. Jon made his famous crepes. No one can make them better. I had lots of toppings on hand: strawberries, blueberries, raspberries, bananas, whipped cream, powdered sugar and our family favorite...nutella. We really did have guests too...I promise. It's just I was so busy during the party that I never took any pictures of everyone! Lily had on her birthday dress - the same dress her sisters had on for their 1st birthday parties. It was a special night for our little girl.
6 of the Best Accessories for Men - Most people, when they hear the word "accessory" think of women. This is a mistake. There are a ton of accessories for men and, given that their outfits ar...
Client therapy facts and outcomes will be collected and useful for intractable childhood epilepsy analysisSomeÂ of theÂ most popular planÂ queries with regards to healthcare marijuanaÂ contain how to manage its suggestion, dispensing, and registration of approved people.Â Some states and localities withoutÂ dispensaryÂ regulation are encounteringÂ
Some problem has actually been elevated if the use with the plant itself creates "significant psychological or Actual physical dependence" as needed by a program I or perhaps schedule II criterion. Given that there continues to be a considerable void within our familiarity with the plant and outcomes with the active drug contained in it, our recomm
Nepali actor Aaryan Sigdel has recently announced his upcoming film Kaira which will be produced by himself which will feature Samragyee RL Shah in lead role along with him in opposite. During an Evening Guff with Naresh, Aaryan Sigdel has revealed about the plans of the shoot of the film and more about his life.
Finnish soprano Taru Valjakka (b. 1938). Sang with the Finnish National Opera since 1969. She has worked all over the world.
The first bill introduced in the U.S. Senate this session was a bill to compel the federal government to issue a permit to allow the construction of the Keystone XL pipeline.
I am returning herewith without my approval S. 1, the “Keystone XL Pipeline Approval Act.” Through this bill, the United States Congress attempts to circumvent longstanding and proven processes for determining whether or not building and operating a cross-border pipeline serves the national interest.
The Presidential power to veto legislation is one I take seriously. But I also take seriously my responsibility to the American people. And because this act of Congress conflicts with established executive branch procedures and cuts short thorough consideration of issues that could bear on our national interest — including our security, safety, and environment — it has earned my veto.
This pipeline is a boondoggle that Republicans have, at the bidding of their Big Oil benefactors like the notorious Koch brothers, shilled for by touting the completely mythical job creation that it will spur and by lying about how it will decrease our reliance on nondomestic petroleum. The facts are that it will do neither. I have busted open these myths in full detail HERE.
This pipeline is nothing more than a conduit for Canadian tar sands oil to reach refineries in Texas where it will be loaded onto ships and sent out on the world market. It will create very few jobs and most of the oil will never be used in the USA. And, even if it were, it’s not American oil to begin with. But the Big Oil corporations in this country stand to make a killing if we allow the oil to be piped across our country. That’s why they formed corporate front groups like “Energy Citizens” who claim that anyone who opposes this pipeline or offshore drilling is “anti-energy”.
They’re good at what they do and what they do is to lie like rugs to enhance their corporate profits. Sadly, they are also very effective at convincing people that their lies are true.
Fortunately President Obama is smarter than that. Kudos to him for vetoing this horrendous piece of legislation that is little more than payback by Republican lawmakers to the wealthy individuals and corporations who fund their campaigns. Score one for the Good Guys.
Author: Eclectablog Chris Savage is the owner and publisher of Eclectablog, your one-stop shop for progressive state & national political news & commentary.
With YOUR support, all regular contributors at Eclectablog are paid for their work. If you would like to send a check to avoid fees being taken out, send it to: Chris Savage, P.O. Box 32, Dexter, MI 48130. Otherwise, you can use this Paypal form:
Michigan Governor Rick Snyder has admitted to knowing about the poisoning of Flint's drinking water with lead. Despite this, there are STILL Flint residents who cannot drink their tap water without the use of a water filter.
If you'd like to receive one email per day with a list of all the previous day's posts, click HERE. NOTE: If you were subscribed prior to October 2016, you will need to resubscribe. This service is free.
Chris Savage is the owner and publisher of Eclectablog, your one-stop shop for progressive state & national political news & commentary.
Amy Lynn Smith is a writer and communication strategist. Find her at alswrite.com or on Twitter at @alswrite.
Mitchell Robinson is associate professor and chair of music education at Michigan State University. His research is focused on music education and education policy. Follow him on Facebook HERE and Twitter at @mrobmsu. His own blog is at MitchellRobinson.net.
Susan J. Demas is a Democratic strategist, serving as vice president at Farough & Associates. She is a 17-year veteran of journalism and a syndicated political columnist for 12 years. She was most recently the editor and publisher of Inside Michigan Politics. Follow her on Twitter @sjdemas.
Tawana “Honeycomb” Petty is a mother, social justice organizer, youth advocate, poet and author. She was born and raised in Detroit, Michigan and is intricately involved in water rights, digital justice and visionary organizing work in Detroit. You can learn more about Tawana "Honeycomb" Petty by visiting honeycombthepoet.com. Follow her on Twitter at @CombsThePoet.
Ammara Ansari is a Masters in Public Policy student at University of Michigan. She is a board member of the Canton Democratic Club and Field Organizer for the One Campaign. Find her on twitter at @AmmaraAnsari16
Eclectablog was chosen as the Washington Post's "best state-based progressive political blog" for Michigan
All original content on this website is copyrighted © Eclectablog/Chris Savage, Anne C. Savage, LOLGOP, Amy Lynn Smith, Sommer Foster, Mitchell Robinson, Tawana Petty, & Susan Demas, all rights reserved. Unless otherwise specified, permission to excerpt portions of our written work is given as long as you provide a link back to this website and the appropriate author is credited. Please contact us for use of photos.
The term "Colin Mcgarry" or "us" or "we" refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is lieu dit Lignou, F61410 Couterne, France. Our company registration number is N" Siret 326 527 538 00028. The term "you" refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice. Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
From time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of France.
I have worked for, been called on by, or picked up clients from the following agencies, hotels and ships.
CDT (Comité départemental de tourisme) calvados, Mathez, OMM, In Quest Of The Classics, Uniworld, Allied Monté Carlo, Allied Travel, BLB, Regal Travel, Aristo Limousines, Queensbury Travel, Sacca Tours, Guides en Seine, Giroscope, Guidissimo, Bus Fly, Normandy tours, FillFranck Tours, Recevoir en Normandie, Kuoni, cruises services, Viking Cruises, Scenic cruises,
Wonderful spring days, oh how the sun is stretching its beams to every corner. And then in a moment it snows again.
Oops. A firewall is blocking access to Prezi content. Check out this article to learn more or contact your system administrator.
Only you and the people listed below can view or edit. Only you and the people listed below can view or edit. Only you can view and edit. You and the person listed below can view or edit. Anyone can view it with the link below: You and the people listed below can view or edit. Anyone can view it with the link below: You can view and edit. Anyone can view with the link below: The people listed below can edit or view this prezi, while the world can see it on prezi.com/explore and via the link below: This prezi can be seen by the world on prezi.com/explore and via the link below: The people below can either view or edit. The prezi is publicly reusable and can be viewed via the link below: This prezi is publicly reusable and can be viewed via the link below:
All models were 18 years of age or older at the time of depiction. analsextuber.com has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages.
Let's face it. Some artists are just so influential that there comes a time when they reach a certain level of inscrutability. Bob Dylan could be considered one of them; Björk is another; and it's safe to say that Brian Eno would be also. One of popular electronic music's first proponents, Eno is seen as the father of ambient, despite making some fantastic glam-styled art-pop albums like Here Come The Warm Jets and Taking Tiger Mountain (By Strategy) in the mid-'70s.
Ambient is one of those stigmatised genres that still divides people on the question of whether it is actually art or just boring self-indulgence. As a precursor to things like muzak, and waiting room music, ambient music is designed to creep into your mind with minimal detection and render you towards feeling a certain way. Alternatively, it could be seen as the series of sparse, oddly-timed pulses and subtle timbral manipulations that doesn't add up to anything resembling a 'song'.
Despite Eno's musical calibre and influence on modern music, Lux will do nothing to settle that debate. Lux (the measure of the intensity of light particles) is a seventy-five-minute composition split into four parts, and it will either bore the bejesus out of you or you'll get lost in its spacious, luxurious netherworld of echo-laden piano strokes and eerily pitchy strings. It's as simple as that. If you're at all inclined to even give Lux a chance, be aware that it feels designed to be an intensely solitary musical experience. Do this and you'll probably start imagining thousands of gently peaking and fading lights in your mind's eye. Otherwise, Lux will not enlighten the uninitiated about Eno's famed musical genius.
After I heard the song Amawalk, by Port St Willow, I kept listening to it over and over again. It's such a beautiful piece and I thought, "Why isn't this the most famous piece of music around right now?" It really deserves to be - and everyone I play it to thinks so too. It's about six minutes long and it just builds in overwhelmingness. I think it's just one guy who does it all himself [Brooklynite Nick Principe; 2012's Holiday is his first album]. I wish him every success.
International business opportunities often depend upon the economic conditions of a given country, but how do you determine the health of an economy? This video identifies how wealth is created, what determines economic output, and inflation effects business.
I am a MBA student and Henleys and I have to admit that your videos are clear and coherent. They have reinforced my understanding of the workshops, in fact they have provided clarity. Thank you.
Hi Shad Morris, i love you videos, I'm From Vietnam. I am also learning International Business, can I ask for you clips and translate into Vietnamese.? For education purpose only, and I think this can increase followed on you page. I'll credit you work at my description. . I'm a also a Vietnamese Voice Actor. Hope to hear from you Shad!
Welcome to the RPG Naruto Generation X. Feel free to look around the site. We are now looking for new members so If you would like to join, we'd love to have you join us.
A new generation of ninja are born. Over 500 years after the conflicts of the current naruto series the ninja world has been rebuilt and established once more. with new villages and new journeys, it's gonna need a new generation.
The Communities from Lassen Park through the Lake Almanor Basin to Indian Valey are collaborating to bring you the very best mountain experiences
Mountain Affairs is a cooperative venture of the merchants, restaurants & Lodging of the Lake Almanor Basin & Indian Valley
Companies on Site: Callaway, Ping & Wilson. Please come out and try the latest equipment from these great companies!
The demo day scheduled for today (Saturday May 27th) has been cancelled and Glenn will reschedule for a later date.
Golf Course Playing Conditions: We have decided to keep the back nine holes closed for today and plan to open them tomorrow.
whoever recites the first 4 ayats of Surah-e-Baqarah (chapter: The cow), then Ayatul Kursi and then the last 3 ayats of Surah-e-Baqarah, will not be inflicted with any kind of difficulty in his wealth or himself, Satan will not come near him and he will not forget the Qur’an.
Qur’an is a great word, and Surah-e-Baqarah is the leader of the Qur’an and Ayatul Kursi is the leader of Surah-e-Baqarah. In Ayatul Kursi there are 50 words and for each word there are 50 blessings and good in it.
3. One who recites Ayatul Kursi every morning will be in the protection, safety of Allah until the night.
These things increase ones memory: sweets, meat of an animal which is slaughtered in Islamic manner near the neck, Lentils, cold bread and recitation of Ayatul Kursi.
6. For those of our dear ones who have passed away, recitation of Ayatul Kursi and giving it as Hadiyeh to them, gives them light (noor) in the grave.
8. When leaving home, if one recites it once, the Almighty has one group of Angels to come and protect you. If recited twice, 2 groups of Angels are assigned to do this. If recited 3 times Allah tells the Angels not to worry as the Almighty himself takes care of him.
If one recites Ayatul Kursi before going to sleep, Allah will send an Angel to come and look after you and protect.
10. When one is alone in the house, recitation of Ayatul Kursi and asking Allah for help will make you remain calm and you will not fear.
When leaving home, if one recites Ayatul Kursi, then Allah will send 70,000 Angels to do Istighfaar for him until he returns home, and upon his return Poverty will be removed from him.
the 5th Imam Hazrat Imam Muhammad Baqir (a.s) has said: Allah will give him a reward of 40 years of Ibadaat, and his position will be raised in the Heavens 40 times (levels).
13. One who recites it after every prayer, their salat will be accepted, and they will remain in the safety of the Almighty and He will protect them.
14. Allah told Prophet Musa (a.s): If one recites it after every salat, the Almighty will make his heart a thankful one (Shakireen) will give him a reward of the prophets, and his deeds will be like those of the truthful (Siddiqeen).
But the best part is that it's fast (normally taking less than a second to run) key features: 1.PC Manager can help you optimize your system parameters to l... Download now
Here are some key features of 'LimeWire Basic': -No bundled software of any kind! No spyware. No adware. Guaranteed. -Firewall to Firewall Transfers. Since Download now
Mercury Graphics Engine See near-instant results when editing with key tools such as Liquify and Puppet Warp. The new Adobe Mercury Graphics Engine delivers un... Download now
key features Supports flash memory cards and USB sticks Fast and accurate file recovery Secure erase function, wipes entire contents Extensive error check... Download now
key Features Plays All Formats Reliably plays all music and video files, including MP3, WMA, WAV, Flash, MPEG, and more. One-Click Video Download One-c... Download now
Our service is endorsed by the key players in the Music Industry. BearShare 8 allows you to explore and experience the power of the Bearshare network where you ... Download now
Make things look professional by choosing from over 50 visual effects and transitions including chroma key or green screen technology that will amaze you. Fine Download now
St Mike's Friday night - good game with two evenly matched teams - SM scored the only goal of the first period to lead after one - We scored the only goal of the second period at 16:53, Milo from McCarthy, to tie it up and that is how it went right thru the third - the OT was short but not sweet, SM scoring 20 seconds into play to grab the 2-1 victory - a tough loss for the Jumbos
On to Norwich for the Sat matinee event - Norwich jumped out to a two goal lead midway thru the first period with a PP goal at 9:06 and an even up goal at 10:45 - the Jumbos came back with a PP at 15:28, McCarthy from Wilson and Gimbel, to get us back in the ballgame only to see Norwich get another PP goal in the final minute of the period - we played pretty well in the second period and cut the deficit in half with our second PP goal, Wilson from O'Connell and Milo - Norwich up the lead to two again with a goal at 15:23 ---- the final period was scoreless until we pulled our goalie, Kalec who did a great job all weekend, only to lead to an open net goal against for the 5-2 final
This weekend the team is off to VT and NY for games against Castleton and Skidmore who are both ranked in the top 13 in the country - Oh how times have changed - the level of hockey from top to bottom has raised considerably with the recruiting from the junior ranks the major factor - the average team age is probably 12 - 18 months older than it was 10-12 years ago - not a fact but my guess - getting a player directly from high school is very rare and while most prep players are a year older and many junior players are two years older and that is starting to be reflected in our roster
Yesterday we took a little day trip to Healdsburg, I’ve only been once before but it’s become a favorite place of mine. It takes about 2 hours to get there from my house, but the drive is so worth it. I love driving past the cows and vineyards.
Of course one of the reasons why I go to Healdsburg is for SHED. If you’re ever in the area, GO HERE! It is a coffee bar, restaurant, market, and fermentation bar all in one. I’m obsessed with their flowers, fresh fruit + veggies, baked goods, cheeses, and home decor.
We got seating on their charming back patio, and ordered from their brunch menu. We shared the homemade bread, butter & olive oil. YUM. I got the summer melon & cucumber salad. It had feta, watermelon radishes, and Indian pickled lime. My boyfriend got the anson mills stone ground polenta. It had a slow poached egg, wild mushrooms, garlic scrapes, and swiss chard. The food never disappoints!
Next, we went to get dessert! I had heard about this amazing place called Noble Folk Ice Cream and Pie Bar. I wanted to see what all the hype was about… and let me just tell you this place is delicious. WOW. I got their homemade strawberry + blueberry pie a la mode. Definitely worth every bite!
It was a fun-filled day. I haven’t been here since last October, so it was long overdue! I’m hoping to make my way here again, if my parents decide to come visit in October. I’d love to show them around this cute little town.
By the way, I am 25 weeks pregnant already! I’m starting to feel my belly get bigger and bigger by the day. It’s starting to get harder to tie my shoes, get comfortable in bed, and I’m out of breath a lot of the time. But I’m starting to feel her kicks more, which is so nice because of my anterior placenta! I swear her kicks were so light, now they are getting stronger. It’s so surreal, I know I keep saying this, but I don’t think it’s truly hit me that I’m going to have a child in a few months. But she’s coming… countdown: 14 weeks 4 days left.
One of my favorite things to do is trying new places to eat. I’m huge on aesthetics/decor when it comes to restaurants or cafes. How do I find the cute gems if it’s not a recommendation from a friend? I use Yelp! No, seriously. Yelp never really disappoints- and I use it ALL THE TIME. Who doesn’t use Yelp nowadays?
This past week I hit up 3 adorable places, one being a cafe. I thought I’d share, just in case anyone wanted to try these places out. They are all in San Francisco.
What did I order? Huevos Rancheros. Worth it? Beyond worth it, so freakin’ good. Not pictured, but try the Caribbean Iced Coffee- oh my.
What did I order? Pork salad, Greek fries & a glass of Rosé. Worth it? Absolutely! This huge bowl of salad filled me up, and they were not stingy with the pork. SO DELICIOUS. It had fresh cucumbers, tomatoes, kale, pickled red onions, and feta cheese. I’m totally going back- and the great thing is they have multiple locations in the city!
What did I order? Latte & cinnamon toast! Is it worth it? Yes, if you love a fancy latte & a place to come relax/ hang out with a friend/ do some schoolwork. They make all their loaves fresh (yum) and even have pizza night from 6-9pm every evening (which I haven’t had… yet).
Do you have any recommendations for me- not just in San Francisco, but in the Bay Area? I would also love some spots in Los Angeles (since I visit frequently)! Stay tuned for more Eating in the City posts.
I hope you all are doing well. I went on a date with my boyfriend on Sunday, to San Francisco’s north beach neighborhood, for some dinner. Dex took me to this cute restaurant called Tony’s Pizza Napoletana. They are very well known for their pizza and meatballs! The wait was around 30 minutes but before we knew it, we got a table outside.
I wanted to start with the “little Italy” salad, and I have to say it was SO SO GOOD. Also, big enough to share with Dex. Mmmm mmm.
Next we shared a meatball. The meatballs are HUGE, we both had a few bites, but had to take the rest home since we wanted to save room for our pizza! I’m telling you, if you ever come here… GET THE MEATBALL with the cream mushroom sauce on top, not on the side. There are NO words to describe this meatball, it was so rich in flavor, tender and juicy. It was a true foodie moment.
Lastly, is the margherita pizza. There are no words for this deliciousness. I told my boyfriend, it was the best pizza I have ever tasted- and he agreed! SO GOOD. Better than pizza I’ve had in New York! I mean, it isn’t award winning pizza for nothing.
This is a new favorite spot of ours! My parents are coming up from Southern California to visit this weekend, and we are definitely taking them here. I think they are going to enjoy it so much. It makes me happy showing my family new places that Dexter and I discover and love.
If you are ever visiting SF, check this spot out! You won’t regret it. If you enjoyed this foodie review, and want more, let me know.
Hi all! I’m back from my trip to LA. It was fun and always such a great time seeing my twin sister. I love spending time with her, even if it’s just watching tv. Since I live so far away from her, we enjoy any time that we have together, and don’t take it for granted. She’s planning a trip to visit me sometime in the beginning of January, so I’m crossing my fingers I’ll see her again very soon.
We’ve been home since Monday, and decided to take Lola Mae to the Golden Gate Park, and get something to eat afterwards. Ever since we have moved to the bay area, we LOVE going to the GG Park. It’s Lola’s absolute favorite. We walked around for an hour or so, then drove to one of my favorite cafes, called Rose’s Cafe. It’s in Cow Hollow/Marina area. The food is always amazing, and it’s pet friendly- they have bistro tables & chairs in the front and on the side of the restaurant. I was so shocked Lola was such a good girl. She’s not used to eating out with me and Dexter. But she sat on my lap the whole time like a good girl! She got rewarded with some bacon.
I ordered some coffee, and the french toast with glazed apples. (SO GOOD!) Dexter ordered the breakfast pizza that has an egg, and ham on it (a restaurant fav). I gave him half of my french toast, and I got two slices of his pizza. AMAZING. The best of both worlds!
If you’re ever in San Francisco, I highly recommend this cute little spot. The food is just so good, and it’s in such a cute area. My twin already requested that we go here when she visits, and I’m so looking forward to it already.
Pine Nut and Rosemary Cake – Combine all ingredients with a spatula in a bowl. Line and grease 4 x 7cm tall ring moulds and place on silpat lined oven tray. Divide batter among moulds, sprinkle pine nuts, rosemary, salt and olive oil over the top of each and bake at 180 for 25-35mins- or until a skewer comes out clean. Allow to cool on bench, before removing from moulds. Edges should crisp slightly on cooling.
Easy Eggless Lemon Ice Cream – Whisk in a stand mixer until thoroughly combined and voluminous. Churn in an ice cream maker for approx. 30 minutes before putting in a container in freezer for approx 30mins before serving.
To Serve – Place cake on plate, rocher of ice-cream on top and sprinkle rosemary flowers on and around.
It's back in Melbourne and as usual, Art Melbourne 09 includes hundreds of works by contemporary and traditional artists. But for the first time this year, Melbourne Art 09 will feature the New Artists Studio, where fresh talented artists (just like Melbourne's rising star Matthew Quick) have the opportunity to showcase their work.
With winter on the way, fashionistas are all searching for the most loved facial moisturiser. But it's Melbournites with beautiful glowing skin that know that ReVive's Moisturising Renewal Cream is the ultimate moisturiser in town. There's nothing not to love about Dr Brown's ReVive - and we especially love parading the famed Revive glow around town only two weeks after using it. Love.
Nestled up to Grossi Florentino’s is our longtime love – Cellar Bar. Sharing a kitchen with its famed neighbour, Cellar Bar is a fraction of the price but still serves up delicious and delectable Italian fare. We've especially fallen for their pumpkin ravioli with sage leaves – one bowl is never enough.
Designed and made in Melbourne, jewellery from Does Not Equal is fast becoming the talk of the town. And there’s never been a better time to get your hands on one of their limited pieces. Does Not Equal has just released their new collection Black Truth / White Lies. Based on the contrast between black and white, good and bad and truth and lies, this collection is limited to 20 pieces. Get in quick.
This Blog is about the Seattle Thunderbirds Hockey Team, the Western Hockey League and hockey in general. The opinions expressed are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Seattle Thunderbirds or their management, or the Western Hockey League or their management.
Tyler Hunnex - I started/founded/began Let's Go Birds in September of 2007 after feeling like my favorite Junior Hockey team needed more discussion and analysis. I'm statistically minded, forever frustrated by the Tbirds and my all-time favorite player was #10. I think I'm funny and my writing would probably disagree. Follow me on Twitter @TylerHunnex.
Jon Whiting - Jon joined the Let's Go Birds team in the summer of 2013. His passion for the Thunderbirds is as big as any fan I've ever met. His two kids are named after former Tbirds and his favorite all-time players were Patrick Marleau and Olaf "Ole" Kjenstad, who he swears is the best pure scoring Tbird ever.
I'm kidding, sort of. Seattle heads down the I-5 tonight to face the Portland Winterhawks. The Winterhawks have mostly had their number ...
Well the trade deadline has come and passed and Seattle was one of the few WHL teams to not make a move. No trade of Josh Schappert (when...
Seattle loses a tough one last night to the Everett Silvertips before a passionate and divided crowd at Showare Center. The loss is frustr...
I leave for a weekend and clearly the inmates start running the asylum. Just a reminder about leaving comments here on the blog. Comments ...
Just released, Seattle has added Scott Allan from Medicine Hat for a 5th round bantam selection. I know very little about Allan other than h...
Seattle had a chance to close things out at home on Wednesday night and simply couldn't get it done. They looked tired... both physica...
This was just posted as a comment on another post, but I thought it was such a great question / thought, it deserved it's own place. M...
I posted this comment this morning in response to a thread that was making wild accusations about Kent-Meridian High School and I feel it de...
I will update this throughout the day as the picks happen. Seattle kicked off their 2014 Bantam Draft by selecting Defenseman Jarret Tyszk...
Confidence is a dangerous drug. It's a drug the Tbirds are cresting on right now. Kelowna come out firing last night and for about 10 mi...
A website devoted to quality content about the Seattle Thunderbirds Hockey Club. Feel free to leave comments and email me if you would like at tyler@hunnex.com
"We took a gamble and traded for Oscar Moller’s rights from Chilliwack on the off chance he might still be returned to junior this season. If so it would be home run and a great addition to our team and if not it was at a price we felt we could afford. It is just a hunch but looked better than a minor upgrade which most other deals represented."
You would have to agree with that statement. If Moller indeed returns to Seattle this winds up being a huge deal for the Tbirds and if not... so be it. Seattle did have to give up Ondrej Palat and a 4th round pick to get him listed. If Moller actually comes to Seattle the pick is upgraded to a 2nd round pick.
Moller of course is currently out of action with a broken clavicle that he suffered at the WJC tournament and actually played the final two games of the tournament with that injury. I would think that Farwell thinks there is at least a chance that Moller will be sent back to Seattle or otherwise he wouldn't have made the move.
"We did not make a trade today that will immediately add to or take away from our team as it stands. We simply have too many home games left to justify taking away from our present team and prices were simply too high to justify trading a big piece of our future to add one player. It is the quietest deadline I can remember for a long time due to the prices and so many teams in the hunt. This means more buyers than sellers and everyone has to have enough to finish the season. With the early deadline (January 10) and so many home games every team has an obligation to their home town supporters."
While I still stand by my statement from earlier this week that I think Seattle should have been a seller here at the deadline, I certainly understand why they made the decision they did and quite honestly it does not surprise me that Farwell decided against making a big splash one way or the other. We certainly would not have wanted them to empty their future if the asking prices were that high.
If you require any more information or have any questions about our Terms of Service, please feel free to contact us by email at Contact Us.
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full and without reservation. If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
You must be at least 18 [eighteen] years of age to use this website. By using this website and by agreeing to these terms and conditions, you warrant and represent that you are at least 18 years of age.
Unless otherwise stated, https://www.letshotbox.com/ and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights published on this website and materials used on https://www.letshotbox.com/. Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages, files or other content from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
republish material from this website in neither print nor digital media or documents (including republication on another website);
redistribute material from this website – except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution; or
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of https://www.letshotbox.com/ or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities on or in relation to this website without https://www.letshotbox.com/’s express written consent.
You must not use this website or any part of it to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.
You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without the express written consent of https://www.letshotbox.com/.
Access to certain areas of this website is restricted. https://www.letshotbox.com/ reserves the right to restrict access to certain areas of this website, or at our discretion, this entire website. https://www.letshotbox.com/ may change or modify this policy without notice.
If https://www.letshotbox.com/ provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential. You alone are responsible for your password and user ID security..
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party’s legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or https://www.letshotbox.com/ or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
https://www.letshotbox.com/’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, https://www.letshotbox.com/ does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied. https://www.letshotbox.com/ makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, https://www.letshotbox.com/ does not warrant that:
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind. If you require advice in relation to any legal, financial or medical matter you should consult an appropriate professional.
https://www.letshotbox.com/ will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
These limitations of liability apply even if https://www.letshotbox.com/ has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit the liability of LetsHotBox.com in respect of any:
death or personal injury caused by the negligence of https://www.letshotbox.com/ or its agents, employees or shareholders/owners;
matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for https://www.letshotbox.com/ to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
You accept that, as a limited liability entity, https://www.letshotbox.com/ has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees. You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against https://www.letshotbox.com/’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.
Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph, you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect https://www.letshotbox.com/’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as https://www.letshotbox.com/.
You hereby indemnify https://www.letshotbox.com/ and undertake to keep https://www.letshotbox.com/ indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by https://www.letshotbox.com/ to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of https://www.letshotbox.com/’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by https://www.letshotbox.com/ arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions.
Without prejudice to https://www.letshotbox.com/’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, https://www.letshotbox.com/ may take such action as https://www.letshotbox.com/ deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
https://www.letshotbox.com/ may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time. Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website. Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
https://www.letshotbox.com/ may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with https://www.letshotbox.com/’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect. If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
These terms and conditions, together with https://www.letshotbox.com/’s Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and https://www.letshotbox.com/ in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
These terms and conditions will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of NEVADA, USA, and any disputes relating to these terms and conditions will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of NEVADA, USA.
This lesson covers how to add conditional formatting to an Excel workbook. We will review how to set up worksheets so that cells that meet a defined criteria get highlighted automatically, border applied. We also cover how to insert miniature graphics in a cell automatically.
Along with the book, there is a free Excel workbook that you can download to follow along and practice as you read.
Find the latest Buckhaven Subdivision homes for sale in Augusta, GA! Read more about Buckhaven Subdivision below. I'm available 7 days a week to set up a showing for any home for sale, no matter who the listing company is. Contact me today!
When my husband and I met Mark we could immediately tell he was knowledgable and passionate about the work he… Read more “Josh and Shelbie Review of Mulich Realty”
We contacted Mark because we had heard his name come up from a few families that we knew in the… Read more “Chris and Katie Review of Mulich Realty”
I was a first-time buyer, military and getting ready to deploy on temporary orders. Mark not only broke down the… Read more “Joseph Collins Review of Mulich Realty”
If you want someone who is honest, treats you with respect as a person and not a client whom they… Read more “Tyler and Tiffany Review of Mulich Realty”
I contacted Mark because he came highly recommended by a friend. The response was almost immediate. We were moving from… Read more “Justin Freeman Review of Mulich Realty”
Mark was very good at getting the paperwork needed together very quickly. He was very helpful with my wife while… Read more “Roger and Alana Review of Mulich Realty”
Show opening bits and songs included: A ''Fast Times at Ridgemont High'' movie clip, Don Felder performing ''Hotel California'' live in the Howard Stern Show studio.
Howard started the show talking about how tonight is Fred's big night with his show about audio drops. Howard said the show is called ''The Power of Drops.'' He sang to him and said the song was from the movie ''Twins.'' No one seemed to know the song. The show is on at 7 tonight on Howard 101.
Howard said he played phone tag with Robin yesterday. He said that he tried to get her on the line but he ended up leaving her messages instead. He said he left them at both of her places. Howard said he remembers the days when she didn't have security.
Howard had an audio clip of Larry King on a TV show and possibly farting. Howard played the clip and it sounded like he let one rip. Howard said JD speculates that he did fart. Howard replayed it and had it enhanced a bit. Howard said he would bet it is him passing wind. Robin said it sounded like it was a bit close to the microphone. Howard said they boosted the second one. Howard said he thinks he might be shitting his pants full on.
Howard said he watched Larry on Craig Ferguson. He said Craig just goofs on him the whole time. He said Craig doesn't really interview anyone. He said he just talks over everyone.
Howard said he saw Larry on a PBS show while he was in Florida. He said he comes out in jeans and suspenders and it's all off. He said the jeans are pulled up to his tits and it's just fucking crazy. Robin said he needs someone to get him a pair of jeans. Howard said he needs a John Varvatos makeover.
Howard said he has a bunch of stuff to play. He said he has to do that before he goes off on a rant. Howard said on 60 Minutes they had a story about nuns going crazy. He said they work their asses off and they're like the ladies in the trenches doing all of the work for the church. He said some of them are waking up and saying they should have the right to pick the pope too. Howard said the Jewish church will let women in but not the real orthodox thing. Robin said women get short shrift in all of the religions for the most part.
Howard said the pope thing is a throw back to a simpler time. Howard said this conclave thing has been around for thousands of years but it's time for a change. Robin said thousands of years ago things were terrible. She asked why they would want to keep it the same.
Howard said it's like the Amish not driving cars. He said they must want to drive. He said it's time to join the shave club too.
Howard said it's so cold there in New York. He said it's 81 down in Florida. He said he ran yesterday and it was so cold he stopped after 2 miles. He said he walked another 2 miles to his cousin's apartment. He said when went to see it and he was freezing his balls off. He said it's bitterly cold and he's not sure we should be living like this. Robin asked what's wrong with us. Howard asked what's wrong with Robin. Robin said she asked where they could do a winter location to do a show. Howard said he's not sure they could do that with people like Fred having a kid. Howard said Gary has his son still at home too. Howard said Tess doesn't seem to age. Fred said she's 10 now. Howard said he thinks that she'd like Florida. Fred said she would if they can move her friends down there. Howard said they might move down closer to Bubba so they can hook Fred's daughter up with Bubba's son.
Howard said he has a clip of Casey Kasem freaking out during a taping of his show. Howard said he has a cush job but he's so angry. Howard said he's angry too but this fucking guy is really angry. Howard played the clip and Casey was doing a read for a radio station when he makes a mistake with the call letters of the station. He ends up cursing and saying ''Shit!'' over and over.
Howard said he worked at WWWW and that was hard to get out. He said Casey is angry at everything though. He said he should try going out and digging a ditch sometime. Howard said he should just get over it.
Howard said he should just read his lines and keep going. Casey was getting upset about the lines he had to read about the station being the most listened to. Then he was upset about doing a promo in one of the reads. Howard said he has that dumb countdown show so that's what he has to do. Howard said he should be Cranky Kasem.
Howard said he has had his moments too. He played a clip where he got upset about some commercials he was reading for other stations. Howard said they could say it differently and told the guys what they could have said. He was saying that they just don't know.
Howard said he feels justified. He said they were giving him stuff that didn't make sense. Casey was freaking out over call letters. He said they were putting words in his mouth but Casey didn't have words being put in his mouth. Robin said she doesn't know about that. Howard said he should just shut up and read.
Howard played more of Casey freaking out and cursing over the lines he had to read. Howard said he's really angry. He said he's like Ronnie the Limo Driver. Casey was complaining about having to do the read over again. He read a line that didn't make any sense to him and asked what that was. He had to read it over again.
Howard said all Casey has to do is read. He said he doesn't have to think of anything. Robin said he's not doing it live either. She said he can read it and record it.
Howard said Beetlejuice was on that TV show with James Lipton... Inside the Actor's Studio. He played the clip that the guys had put together. It was Beet telling James Lipton his favorite words which were words like Pussy. Beet said he never curses when he was asked what his favorite curse word was. Beet called Lipton a dumb asshole and told him he was a dumbass fucking Jew when he asked what he would say to God when he gets to the pearly gates.
Howard said they were busy with the whole Pope thing. He said they asked people what the pope does. Howard played some clips of people answering. One woman said she doesn't know what he does. She said she wants to know ''what he do.'' Howard said she was great.
Howard said Psych wrote a new song about Robin. It was called ''Shit Away Robin'' to the tune of ''Drift Away.'' Howard said that's a man talking in that song.
Howard said that maniac who shot up the kids in Newtown is on the cover of the paper today. Howard said he evidently had a spreadsheet figuring out how many people he could kill. He said he had it all on a spreadsheet so the newspaper was pointing out how crazy he really was. Howard said they should kill that kid. Robin said he's dead already. Howard said it was the movie theater guy then. He said that kid had red hair. Howard said the kid in Newtown is dead but the red hair kid is back to normal hair color and the red hair looked more normal. He said that was a better look for him.
Howard said he hates that the new pope isn't black. He wanted a black pope so bad. Howard said they were at the Irish parade yesterday asking people if they were upset about that. Howard said they were all saying they were happy. Howard said he thinks that these kids would have left the church if the pope was black.
Howard played some audio of someone down at the parade asking people about the pope and people responding saying that they're glad he's not black but they would have liked it if he was from New York.
Howard said he was out on the street Saturday and they had the parade on Saturday. He said they usually have it on Sunday. He said there are kids out there who look like they're 12 and they're wasted. Howard said he must be getting old but the kids look like they're 10. He said they were wasted out of their brain. Robin said they come out of the subway wasted. He said it's scary. Howard said the kids sound out of their minds.
Howard played more audio of people being asked, by Tracey Millman, how much they're going to drink. Howard said she was thrilled to be out there. Howard played more of her asking what nationality they wouldn't want to be. One guy was saying Jewish. Tracey asked about Mayor Bloomberg and what he's been doing lately. They were yelling about him.
Howard asked if Robin saw a picture of Sarah Palin holding up a Big Gulp. Robin said she did. Howard said he hates her. He said that she's catering to an idiot group. He said that one guy called the tea party people ''chuckle heads.'' Howard said Palin quit as governor. He said she couldn't match up to Mayor Bloomberg in a minute. He said that she didn't hang in there with her job. He said what Mayor Bloomberg has done for the city would make her head spin. He said she's an ignoramus. Howard said he would love for her to come to New York and talk to him.
Howard said that the Big Gulp was never in danger in New York anyway. He said she's such a tard. Howard said what killed him is that she barely drank the Big Gulp. He said the dummies at the Tea Party drink it but she doesn't. Howard said ''Shut up you bitch.'' He said he was going to use the C-word but he changed his mind. He said he should have though. Howard said mayor Bloomberg is doing a great job and this Palin should go back to Alaska.
Howard played more of Tracey talking to people at the Irish parade. She asked about going to other parades and asking if they would have sex with a woman who was visibly intoxicated. They were all saying they would. Howard wondered who would want to be out there at these parades. Howard said he would never go. He said he'd rather be at home.
Howard said he hates a parade. He said it's like your neighbors walking around in the parade. He said half were in it and the other half watched. Howard said it's like watching them take a walk. Howard said some of them play instruments. He said none of them are that good though. Howard said when he sees parades in Russia they show off tanks and missile launchers. He said the parades he sees are horrible.
Howard played more of the interviews where they were asking about next year's parade being sober. The people on the street didn't like that idea.
Howard played another clip of a woman answering Tracey's question and rambling on and on about what nationality she wouldn't want to be. She was talking about what she would want to be though. Howard said she's like one of those characters they do on Saturday Night Live who you don't want to get stuck with at a party.
Howard played more of the people on the street talking about the kind of animal they'd want to be stuck with on an island. One guy said it would be a female chimp.
Howard said he was thinking about his pubes and how long and busy they were. He said he had to trim down there. He said it was getting so bad that he had to do something. Howard said there are different attachments for the trimmer and nothing came off. He said the attachment was too long. He said he took it down a couple of notches and now he's bald down there. He said half is bald and half was bush. He said he felt like such a girl. Howard said he just trimmed but it was so bad. He said there are hairs on his shaft and he can't get to those. He said it looks like what comes out of a mole.
Howard said he started to shave his chest a little bit too. He said half his belly has hair and half doesn't Howard said he won't be taking his shirt off anyway so he's not worried about it. Robin said Beth might think something happened to him. Howard said he's praying that when he gets back from San Antonio that his hairs will have grown back in. He said that way Beth won't think about it.
Howard played more interviews that Tracey did out on the street. She asked about why the pope isn't ever Irish. The guy said that if he was he might get the drinking age lowered.
Howard had a clip of someone on the staff asking a guy what he had to say to the people of Syria. The guy was more worried about the drinking age in this country. Howard said you know that guy is going to contribute to this society if that's the most important thing.
Howard said he was reading about this 19 year old kid who invented a glue thing for people who have surgery. He said that's contributing.
Robin said she thinks that they were working on some kind of medical thing where they would run a machine over you and fix everything. Howard said he thinks that's a long way off. He said they probably won't see that in their lifetime. Howard said he had to take a break after that. Robin said that Howard should be trying to have a genius and have a kid. Robin said there were probably babies conceived out there at the parade. Howard said he really has to take a break. They went to break a short time later.
After the break we heard a prank call Sal and Richard made to a Tradio show where they gave a very long serial number for a toaster they were selling. Fred also played Sugar Ray's ''Fly'' as they were coming back.
Howard came back and said he has Evan Metropoulos on the phone. He said Evan's family owned the Bumble Bee company and they just bought the Twinkie company. Howard got Evan on the phone and asked how old he is now. Evan said he's 32. He was on the show for the first time when he was 16.
Howard asked Evan if his father started the Bumble Bee company. Evan said he didn't and all of the companies they own are older companies. He said they all have a great storied past. He said they've been neglected over the years so that's when they get them.
Howard asked what company his father had first. Evan said they were in the feta cheese and olive business. He said that he was able to get in there with the Bumble Bee thing and being on the Stern Show helped with the successes he had.
Howard asked if his old man is still in the business. Evan said he is but he and his brother have been running the business with him for years. He said they run Pabst Blue Ribbon and they've gotten the value of the company up over the past few years.
Howard said they took Evan seriously when he was 16 years old. Howard said he tells people he's like Kim Jong Un in that way. Evan said that there is no room for a lot of nepotism in the business so he has to work his ass off for all of this.
Howard said Evan used to fly famous people around on his private jet. He said he was friends with Chelsea Clinton and people like that. Evan said he just went to her wedding a few years ago. He said he has been doing this for a long time.
Robin asked if he still parties. Evan said he feels old now. Howard said he does too. Howard asked if he's dating anyone. Evan said he's been seeing a woman for a past few years. Howard asked if she's a model. Evan said she is. Howard asked if he kept the weight on. Evan said he took some of it off. He said he's 239 and 5'9'' tall. He said he's banging a super model though. Howard said he loves this kid.
Evan said when he was on the show at 16 it contributed a lot to his life. Howard asked if he ever got to bang any celebrities. Evan said he was fortunate enough to hang out with some very good looking women and some of them were very well known. Howard said he was ''the guy'' back then. Howard asked if he had sex with any. Evan said he would say that he was fortunate enough to enjoy himself back in the day. Howard said he just wants a yes or no. Evan jokingly said yes, he's been with Kate Winslett. Howard said that was a joke.
Howard asked if this chick is going to get to marry into the family. Evan said he hopes to marry into her family. He said she lives a much simpler life. He said he caught more than a tuna over in Hawaii.
Howard said Evan's family bought Twinkies. Howard asked if they're thinking about coming out with a diet Twinkie. Evan said he doesn't think they would ever ruin the Twinkie like that. He said they might come out with a smaller portion. He said he thinks that they're only about 150-160 calories each. Howard said Twinkies always had a big demand but the company got behind. Howard said he was saying that it was the unions but it was also management that was doing a bad job. He said he stands corrected.
Howard said what they have to do is just make the Twinkie profitable again. Evan said he thinks that the management team did a good job. Robin said they must still be around. Evan said he thinks that they can get some good results out of the management team with the right leadership. He said that people love the brand. He said they have to reconnect with the American public.
Howard asked if they're working with Leon Black on this. Evan said they are. He said that they are very lucky to have a relationship with Leon and his company.
Howard asked what they had to pay for the company. Evan said it was $410 million. Evan said they're not done with the whole thing yet so they're not sure exactly how many of the brands they're going to have. He said they have to meet with the judge soon over that.
Evan said they know people want the brand back on the market so they're working to make that happen by this summer. Howard said they should take out ads in High Times magazine. Evan said he thinks that's a good place to place the ads.
Howard said High Pitch Eric wanted him to thank him for bringing back the Twinkie. Howard said Eric the Actor loves them too. Howard had Eric on the phone so he picked up on him. Howard asked if he loves Twinkies. Eric said he loves Zingers. Robin asked what those are. Evan said they're like a Twinkie on steroids. He said they have glaze and chunks of coconut on them. He said it's a glamorous version of the Twinkie. Eric said he loves the one that has yellow frosting on it. Howard said he should hire Eric to be a spokesperson for the Twinkie and Zinger. Evan said he'll run that by the attorney today.
Howard asked Evan where he lives. Evan said he's in Los Angeles and New York but he's looking for a home in Florida because the taxes are so bad in New York and California.
Howard asked Evan how things work with him at the job. Evan said he used to do it for fun. He said he has made his own money and now it's a family thing. He said they split it pretty much evenly between the three of them. He said it's his father, his brother and him.
Howard asked Evan if he could quit working and become a full time playboy. Evan said if he did he'd sit home watching TV and eating. Evan said he doesn't have to work. He said he could be doing a lot of things that would be considered retirement but they do work. Howard said he knows his dad is worth billions. Howard said it makes sense for Evan to move to Florida. He said he has no state tax there. Howard said if he's worth $100 million he could survive on that. Howard said he could save a million on taxes down there. Evan said he won't be moving to Florida for just a million. He said it's worth way more than that.
Howard asked Evan what he's worth. Evan said their father gave them a lot of the finances early on. He said he has trained them to work and be proud. He said they've been able to embrace that. He said they're only splitting the money between 3 people. He said the money is there for his brother and him. Howard said that's a great fucking deal. He said it sounds like his old man gave him like $200 million. Robin said it must be more than that. Howard said he's going to save a lot in state taxes living in Florida. He said that's some party.
Howard said he was one of the people who never took advantage of this kid. He said he could have. Evan thanked him for that and said that he was more of an inspiration and a mentor to him.
Howard said this all sounds pretty good to him. Howard asked what his girlfriend's name is. Evan said her name is Kavena Chun. The guys looked her up and showed Howard some pictures. Howard said she's really hot.
Howard said that Evan is now part of the dynasty that owns Twinkies. Howard said it was good talking to him. He said he really likes this kid. Robin said she was just asking where he had been a couple of weeks ago. Evan said he's looking forward to being a sponsor of the show soon. Howard thanked him for calling in and let him go a short time later.
Howard said he thinks that they sold the Bumble Bee tuna company. He read some details about that. Howard said they did sell it years ago for $2.9 billion. Howard said his brother bought the mansion next to the Playboy mansion. Robin asked who would want that. Howard said they do party so that's why they'd want that.
Howard had JD come in to explain this audio clip to him. He said he was reading that Nicki Minaj showed up late to American Idol. Howard said that he doesn't think this is real. JD said she doesn't either. He said he thinks it was just something she did to get attention.
Howard said they have a kid who stutters on the show now. Robin said she saw that one of the contestants stutters until he starts singing. Howard said he hopes they don't get anyone like that on AGT. He said the stuttering thing makes him laugh. Howard said this kid sounds pretty good. Howard played a clip of him stuttering. Howard said he heard that Jay Leno is going to hire him to be on the show.
Howard asked about another clip JD had. JD said that Richie Wilson found the clip and it's from a few years ago. He said he doesn't know what the show is or what the was doing on the show but the kid is a deaf transvestite. Howard played the clip and the kid sounded like he was howling like a dog in it.
Howard said he would have to tell the kid he has no talent. Howard said he'd get so much hate mail. Robin said Howie would let him go through. Howard wondered why they would let this guy on the show. JD said he doesn't know. The show was in Japanese and he didn't understand the language. Howard said the guy looks like a woman to him. JD said he knows that it's a dude. He said he has seen other clips of him/her. Howard said he should have sang Werewolves of London. He said that would have worked with the howling. Fred played some howling audio clips to go along with that.
Howard played another clip of this howling singer guy being interviewed. Howard said it sounds like he's deaf. JD said he heard what the lady said. He said he's not sure about that but it sounds like it. Howard had another clip of the singer singing a Lady Gaga song. Howard said that sounds pretty good to him. Howard asked who put that together. JD said he's not sure. Robin asked if they kept this person on the show. JD said he doesn't know. He said he didn't know anything about the show.
Howard said that person talks better than JD actually. He didn't say that while JD was in the studio. Howard said they asked the wack Pack what they thought about having a black pope. He said this was before they picked the pope. Howard said he thinks that the smoke coming from that chimney is actually just evidence being burned. He said it's probably underwear.
Howard played Wendy the Retard talking about a black pope and what that would mean to her. Then they had Debbie the Pet Lady talking about it and yelling about how she doesn't care. She said that they'll never forget the fucking past. She was screaming about that before hanging up.
Howard said the Wack Pack is great. Robin said they're amazing. Howard played Big Foot talking about the Pope and how people shouldn't get in trouble for shitting in the woods. He said he should be able to shit where he wants, when he wants.
Howard played Beetlejuice talking about a black pope and how it doesn't matter what color the guy is. Howard said he was making the most sense out of all of them.
Howard had Eric the Actor back on the phone. Eric said he called in to say that on May 8th he'll be in New York for a charity event. He said it's called BeyondTheBallet.org. He said it's to raise money for kids around the world. Howard wondered what the angle is there. He said Eric never leaves where he is because it's such a big deal. Howard asked who is paying to fly him out there. Robin said it must be the charity.
Howard asked Eric to come down to the Homosexual Room with him. Eric said no way. He said that he thinks it's disrespectful. Howard had Fred open the door to the room and Eric hung up as soon as he heard it. Howard said he almost had him in there.
Howard said the press is crucifying Matt Lauer. Howard said the more he thinks about it the more he thinks that Matt is the only one he cares about on that show. Howard said they're trying to make Matt the bad guy for getting rid of Ann Curry. Howard said that they started to lose audience before that though. He said that Matt isn't the bad guy in all of this. Robin said they can't say it's not Matt if he was there when they started losing the audience. Howard said NBC has a problem with losing audience with or without Matt. Howard said he's the only guy with anything going on. Howard said people didn't like Ann Curry. He said of course they're going to get rid of her. Howard said if he was an executive it would be suicide to get rid of Matt. Howard said he thinks that he's the only one bringing in any ratings there. He said they might need to tweak the show anyway though.
Howard said that they used to blame Bryant Gumble for bringing the ratings down on his show years ago. He said he hung in there and it went away. Howard said they don't have anyone else to pick on other than Matt. Howard said they risk getting into a CBS station if they don't do anything about it.
Howard said that Stevie Nicks and Dave Stewart did an album together. He said he was watching a documentary about that. Howard said he heard one song that sounded pretty good to him. He asked Fred if he could find it. Fred tried searching for it but he wasn't able to find it.
Howard said he has the new Bowie album but he doesn't want to listen to it. Robin said she has to hear some clips. Howard said maybe he'll play some.
Howard said Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman are trying to work things out. Howard said they must have realized no one else wanted either of them. Howard said he hopes things work out. Robin said she saw them on a train once and they appeared to be very happy. Howard said they do say that divorce is always hardest on the little ones. Howard said he saw a picture of them and they do have kids who are taller than them. Howard said that's good that they were able to overcome all of that.
Howard took a call from a guy who said he saw that Dominic Barbara got arrested for shoplifting a purse. Howard said he saw that. Howard said Dominic is saying that it was all a mistake. Robin said that everything is a mistake with him. Howard asked what Dominic is claiming happened. Benjy said that he isn't denying that he walked out with it but he may think he paid for it or it was some kind of accident. Howard said that was at this Hirshleifer's. Howard said that's a really nice store. Howard asked how you walk out with something accidentally. Benjy said that's happened to him. He said he just walked out and didn't realize it.
Gary asked Benjy if he walked out with a Twinkie or a piece of luggage. He said there's a big difference. Benjy said it was probably something like a Twinkie.
Howard asked what's going on with Dominic. Robin said she thinks he's out of his mind. She said that's her professional opinion. Howard said today would be a good day for him to call in. Howard said he's sure they'll hear the story eventually.
The caller asked Howard about Lisa G having a 30-D. Howard said he didn't airbrush her tits on her book cover. He said that's how they were. He said she came downstairs to his studio with a bustiere on and her titties were huge. Howard said he thinks that's just how she dresses them. He said he shot them and they weren't airbrushed. The caller said that she was on Fine Time and Rachel was asking her to show them because she didn't see it either. Howard said he can't explain it.
Robin said she's reading the story about Dominic and they found an Ambien pill in his pocket so maybe he was sleep walking. Fred played some Gilbert Gottfried laughing clips as they talked about that.
Howard moved on to play the David Bowie album. He played a second or two of a song but cut it off. He asked where the clips of Gary and Jon's TV show (For What It's Worth) are. He said they were with another guy who collects vinyl. Howard said that this guy is a loon. Gary said that the guy is a friend of Vinnie Favale's. He said he has like a $250,000 turntable set up. Gary said he doesn't know how he makes money but he knows he writes about this stuff on web sites. Howard said he can't watch that show. He said he doesn't mind if the guys promote but he hears Gary promoting it all the time. Gary said they do it like once or twice a week on the Wrap Up Show. Howard said he heard it a couple of times. He said he's not sure that many people care about the topic.
JD came in and told Howard where the clips were. Howard said you have to hear this clip. He played a clip from Gary and Jon's show where they talked to this guy about his vinyl record collection. Howard kept interrupting the clip and goofing on the whole idea of vinyl. Howard said he shouldn't interrupt so he restarted it. The guy was talking about how horrible CDs were when they first came out. He was going on and on about how upset he was and how he had a bumper sticker made up that said Compact Disc's sound terrible. Howard asked who cares that much.
Howard let the clip play and Gary was talking to the guy about him coming out against CDs and if he was alone with that. Jon and Gary were talking to him about the difference between CD and vinyl. Howard goofed on the guy and Gary was trying to defend him but Howard kept interrupting his answers.
Howard played more of the clip and the vinyl guy wanted to compare two versions of a Thompson Twins song. Howard wondered why anyone would do that. Gary said that this was really embarrassing. They were listening to the song and on camera at the time. Howard said he would have just left. He said he thought these guys would have sobered up. Gary said they actually enjoy doing this. Howard said he's wasting time with this show. Howard said they get all excited when they play a record because of that sound you get when you first put the needle down.
Howard played more of the clip and the guy puts the record on. Jon said he loves that sound when he put the needle down. Howard told him to shut up. Howard said records are such a pain to deal with.
Howard asked Gary if that song really brought back memories. Gary said it did. He said that he worked at a record store and the song was a big selling song. Howard said he remembers not caring about it in the 1980s. Howard said he never even heard that song.
Howard played more of the clip and Jon was talking about how he was hearing stuff in the vinyl version that he had never heard before. Howard said he's lying now. Gary said he heard more too. Howard said they're just making this up.
Howard said they were just lying about it sounding different. Gary said they were not lying. Howard kept goofing on the guys about what they were saying. Howard asked if the guy thinks that they should go back to records. Gary said he just likes the record better.
Howard asked if he should churn his own butter too. Gary said he might like the home butter better but he may not want to go through the trouble.
Howard said he's shocked at Jon. He said he thought he was more normal than this. Robin asked him if he has vinyl at home. Jon said he does. He said he did hear stuff during the vinyl song than when he heard the CD. He said you hear more instruments in the vinyl version. Gary said they were just pointing out there were more things in that.
Gary said they got the highest ratings on VH1 Classic the second week they were on. Howard said he wants to do a show where he and Robin visit people who sew their own clothing instead of buying store clothes. Gary asked if he could say something. Howard kept interrupting and goofing on the whole idea of this show. Robin was in on it too.
Gary said that they do a show about collectors. It's not about vinyl. He said there just happened to be two shows about vinyl collections. Gary said they saw a guy who had a collection of celebrity hair. Howard said they should do a show where they go look at people who collect microphones. Howard said he might just do his show door to door because it would sound better. Robin said maybe a show about people who collect speakers. Howard told her to call VH1 Classic to ask if they can do that. Howard said he might interview people who pump their own water.
Gary asked Howard why he still writes on paper instead of on a tablet. Howard said it's quicker sometimes. Howard said Gary is so dumb. He said he can't get to his computer sometimes so he uses paper. He said Gary isn't making sense. He said paper is still relevant, records aren't. Gary said they are to some people. Howard said he's not making sense. Howard said goodbye and kicked Gary and Jon out of the studio. Howard said they work on a relevant show, this one, so forget about that other show. Howard said they should lock all three of those guys up.
Howard said the guys went out on the street and asked people what they think about the vinyl thing. One guy was saying that they can go eat a dick and die. Another guy said they were weird for liking vinyl. They were showing pictures of Jon and Gary to the people they were interviewing and the people were goofing on them about their looks.
Howard played another interview where they asked if they looked like they should be on TV. The guy was saying that one of the guys looks like he was beat up by Mike Tyson. That was Gary he was talking about.
Howard said they went out on the street and asked women if they would rather date Howard Stern or Kim Jong Un. Howard said he lost in that one. Howard played some of those interviews and the women were picking Kim Jong Un. They were saying Howard is too old. One dude picked Howard though. Howard said he had to take a break after that.
After the break we heard a prank call the guys made to the guy using Jay Thomas audio clips. We also heard some voice mails that Gary got from various fans and Wack Packers. They played a news clip where a reporter had a tough time talking during a report.
Howard came back and went right to the phones. Howard took a call from a guy who said he's been looking forward to this special that's on tonight. He said he wishes that they'd have more show related stuff on the channels. He said he was bummed when Back Office Radio wasn't on last week. Howard said that was his doing. He said he won't say it's canceled but they have too many guys working on too many shows. Howard said the show is on hiatus right now. He said it takes a lot of work to put shows on the air and they needed more time for this show. The caller asked about Superfan Roundtable getting another hour. Howard said that's up to Tim. He said if he decided to go another hour he's fine with that.
The caller said he loved Back Office Radio. Howard said they don't always have the time to get it on every week. He said they have real work to do around there so he told them that they had to clear up the schedule for a while. Howard said he asked them not to do the show last week. Howard said the show will be back. The caller said they were attached to the show in the Stern Facebook Superfans group. Howard said they are good. He said they'll get them back but they have stuff to do right now.
Howard said everyone there wants a radio show but then he doesn't have them there working for him. He said Tim has a bunch of guys working to produce shows. He said he'd hire more people but they need budget to fix doors around there. He said he gets billed like 3 grand to fix doors around there.
Howard said that was all coming about when Mel was after him. He said this new guy, Jim, might not be like that. Howard said hopefully it'll be like that. He said he needs budget for the shows they put on there. Howard said it's one big headache. He said he may eliminate the channels and just do his show. Howard said that's the conclusion he's coming to. He said he could just do his radio show and that's it. Howard said he doesn't want to be cock blocked every step of the way. He said he didn't get into it for that. Howard said he just wants to entertain his audience. He said he's just going to go do his own show and forget about the management thing.
Howard said last night he was hearing about how they need a door fixed and they needed to budget 3 grand to fix it. Howard said it's a union thing and he didn't know he'd have to do repairs around there. Howard started moaning and asked what has it all come to.
Howard said he's stressed out about flying to San Antonio tomorrow. He said he hates being on a plane. Robin asked what's wrong with being on a plane. Howard said he's afraid of crashing. Robin said cars are less safe. Howard said he has a false sense of security in a car.
Howard said these pilots will talk about how reliable the old engines are and he doesn't want to hear that. He said the engine is 32 years old and his old cars used to conk out on him. Robin said she enjoys flying. Howard said Robin is the most together person. Robin said it's the way you program your mind. Robin said she's going to have a good time up there and do some things that she doesn't normally get to do. She said it's great.
Howard said he's flying to San Antonio after the show tomorrow. He said they asked him to do a photo shoot right after getting off the plane. He said he's not ready for that after doing the show and then flying. Howard said Howie doesn't understand it. He said he's up all the time. Howard said he doesn't know what to tell them about that. Howard said he wants to go to the hotel and get set up. He said he's up at the crack of dawn anyway so they could do it first thing Wednesday morning. He said they wanted him to do it on Friday and stick around to do it. Howard said he wants to do it first thing Wednesday. He said he sits around all day waiting for them to get ready for the show. Howard said they're going to do that. He said they're good that way. He said they don't charge him to fix doors either.
Howard said he likes the way the show runs. He said they do everything for him. He said he just has to walk in. Howard said the radio show is like a whole conglomerate. Howard said he has to look into fixing doors. Howard said he's not a CEO and doesn't want to deal with that. Howard said AGT doesn't bill him for building a stage. He said maybe they should.
Howard said this all started happening in the middle of his deal there. Howard said he always ends up being the douche. He said he has to get out in 3 years. He said it's been one struggle after the other. He said he needs rest. Howard said if he was a company he would make this stress free. He said that he'd just listen to him and make it easy so he will stick around. Howard said they think everyone is fine.
Howard said here's a premise. What if Rihanna had laryngitis? He played a clip of her being interviewed and they edited in clips of Chyna the wrestler laughing and coughing on the show. Howard said maybe it should have been Bronchitis instead. Howard played a song parody where they had Rihanna singing about Chris Brown kicking her in the hymen.
Howard took a call from a guy who said he can't wait for Fred's special tonight. The caller asked if Howard saw Gary on his TV show with his teeth hanging low. Howard said Gary asks him why he hates him. He said that's what he's said about him. The caller said Gary screwed up his math on the show too. Howard told Gary to get that straight.
Howard said he has a clip of a Croatian TV host fainting on a show. He played the clip and she starts slowing down her speech and then passes out and falls. Howard said the visual is great. He said you can look that up on the web.
Howard asked what happened to that guy Lil Wayne. Howard said he doesn't know much about him but he passed out and now he's in the hospital in critical condition or something. Robin said he passed out and had a seizure and then they found him passed out at home after he was released. Robin said they say he's at home recovering now. Howard said he read he was being visited by Bird Man so he thought it was like super heroes.
Howard said he's still all over that Dennis Rodman phone call they did last week. Robin said she saw a senator talking about King Jong Un and how they couldn't figure out his mental state. That all came about after Dennis Rodman was over there. Howard said that little guy is going to get himself killed if he threatens us. Robin said they're talking about tightening up security on the west coast now. Howard said Rodman is getting a lot of publicity over that whole thing. Robin said he's going to get North Korea blown off the map if he keeps that up.
Howard said he doesn't think that North Korea could get a missile to California. Robin said that if we're lucky it would blow up in the silo before taking off. Howard said he heard Gary Busey is going to North Korea next.
Howard said he doesn't like it. It's getting really scary with the nuclear weapons. He said we night be kind of crazy too. Robin said you have to be crazy to just create the weapon to begin with.
Howard said he heard that guy Sanjaya is performing in the subway now. Robin said that's our fault for making him think he had talent. Robin said he thinks that he has some talent now. Robin said if he had been booted off earlier he would be out there working a real job. Howard said he's looking forward to Kelly Pickler opening up a massage parlor.
Howard said he was reading this story in a rag magazine so he's not sure if it's true. Robin said she read it on the web too so it might be.
Howard said he talked about Sarah Palin already. He said he wont go over that again. He said he was reading about this senator whose son came out for gay marriage when he found out that his son was gay. Howard said these people come out for stuff when it's good for them and them only. Robin said they should be able to see when it affects other people and not just them. Howard said that's why we need these guy's daughters to get pregnant with babies they don't want so they will leave the abortion thing alone.
Howard took a call from Jeff the Drunk who said that it's about time he picked up. Howard asked if he was in a rush to get to work. Jeff said he was on hold all last week. Jeff said he's sick with pneumonia. Howard said that makes sense. He said he eats horribly and smokes. Jeff said he hasn't smoked since January 1st. Robin said he smokes pot. Jeff said yeah, well he can't deny that. Howard said he has no immune system to fight off pneumonia. Robin asked how he knew he was sick.
Howard said he must love being in the hospital. He said it's free for him and he's catered to and fed. Howard said it's not even that different to his real life. He said now he's in a bed and people are catering to him. He said he must love it. He said it's like his trailer but with staff. Jeff said ''yeah, right.'' Howard said what's cool about it is that it's clean sheets and a change of environment. He even gets bathed by the staff. Jeff said that's true. Howard said he must be a pain in the ass. Howard said they've had him on the show and just having him there for a half hour is a pain in the ass. Howard asked if he can ring the nurse now and have her wash his balls. Jeff said he can't do that. Howard said maybe he can get his foot rubbed. Jeff laughed. Robin said they won't rub his feet.
Howard said he has to go. He said he gets angry the more he talks to Jeff. He said he's on a vacation from the permanent vacation he's on. Howard wondered how he doesn't want to do some sort of work. Howard said we have people in this country who are completely on the dole. Robin asked what he would prefer. She said he could just be out on the street. Howard said he doesn't know what to do with him.
Howard said he's still wondering about Dominic taking that handbag. Robin said it was an expensive one so he has good taste.
Howard said Lena Dunham is going to be in Playboy magazine. He said he thinks she's going to do the spread with her clothes on. He said we've seen her naked on the show. Howard said she should be dressed for the layout.
Howard said he read about a woman who tried to kill herself. He said she tied her baby to herself with one of those Bjorn things. Howard said they named that thing after that singer Bjorn. Howard said he wants to hear some of her music... on vinyl. Fred found one of Bjork's songs, Hyper-Ballad, and Howard said someone must be buying her music. He said he doesn't get it but someone must. Howard said she must be winging it. Fred said it was a top 10 song in the UK. Howard said they're strange over there. Howard said he can't imagine being that there in the U.S.
Howard said this woman jumped to her death but the kid lived. Howard said she jumped 8 stories. Howard said she wrote a 13 page suicide note. He said he's not sure why she would make it so long. Howard said she must have thought she was really loved. Howard said the kid lived so he was glad to read that. He said he's not sure what the kid's life is going to be like though.
Robin said she read about a woman who died and her kids were in the house with the dead body for days. Robin said the kids weren't found until the landlord came to get the rent.
Howard said he read that Julianne Hough and Ryan Seacrest broke up. He said that she just lost a great cue card reader. Howard said that it's odd that guys like Ryan Seacrest, Tom Cruise and Richard Simmons can't find the right woman. Robin said she would take Tom Cruise. She said she'd even become a scientologist for him.
Howard said Julianne Hough is so hot. He said maybe Ryan is just playing it the right way and not getting stuck with her. Howard said Ryan is like Casey Kasem with his reading of the countdown. Robin said he just reads in a way that's supposed to be great.
Howard said the Iranians are another country that's just steps away from having us do something to them. Howard said they're saying that Ben Affleck should be hanged for war crimes based on his movie ''Argo.'' Howard said he thought that they were talking about Gigli, not Argo. Howard said he should be hanged for Gigli. Howard said he thought Argo was okay but not great.
Howard spent a minute talking about the movie Life of Pi and how good he thought it looked. Howard said he thought it would look good in 3D but he later found out it was in 3D.
Howard took a call from a guy who said that they played a different version of the Thompson Twins song on Jon and Gary's show. He said that it wasn't the same version on the CD and the vinyl. Fred said the guy is right about that. Howard said they're just liars on that show then.
Howard took another call from a guy who said he appreciates that Gerard Butler interview last week. He said he ended up going to a free preview of his movie and it was great. Howard said Gerard is a cool guy. He said he got a lot of email about the interview. Howard asked the caller about being a marine. The guy said he didn't see any action. He said he sits behind a desk. The guy said we all kill people in different ways. The guy said he just pushes buttons. Howard asked if he flies the drones. The guy said they talk to those guys but they don't fly them. Howard said he would like to be in the military if he didn't have to see any action. The caller said he has been to Iraq and Afghanistan. Howard said it takes balls just to go over there. The caller said they do get mortars shot at them. Howard asked if they're going to fuck with Kim Jong Un. The caller said he doesn't know about that.
Howard took a call from a guy who told Howard how bad things were in Florida when hurricane Sandy was heading up north. He said there was a lot of flooding and they lost parts of A1A down there above Ft. Lauderdale. He told Howard that it's going to get worse inland too. Howard asked how it is in Tampa. The caller said that things can get bad there too. He said there's also a lot of wildlife down there that's causing issues. Howard said there's that sinkhole thing too. The caller said that Florida leads the nation in sink holes. Robin said they should look somewhere else. The caller said he's moving out of Florida in a few months. He said that Florida is going to end up being covered in water eventually.
The caller said they have king tides in the fall down there. He said if there's a full moon and you have a storm things will get crazy. He said he lives near a canal and the canal overflowed. The caller said that things are really bad there. He said the flooding comes up through the storm drains when it's hardly raining at all.
Howard said this is really depressing to hear. The caller said that any coastal area is going to be like that. Howard asked about Miami. The guy said that Miami was clobbered with water. He said he can search it and see for himself. Robin said she almost lost a friend down there when a road flooded. The caller said that things are bad with the water there. He said Howard had better see what it's about down there. He said climate change is real and things are changing.
The caller told Howard that he gave Donald Trump a pass on a lot of things on the show. Howard said he has to go think about all of this stuff he said. He said he couldn't live with this guy, Ken. He said that he would bum him out. Ken said that they used to have a lot of movie shoots down there in Miami. He said they killed that off down there so the filming all went away. He said he's moving back to the New York area. Howard said he can come back and deal with the cold. Ken said he would take 20 blizzards before he'd take one more hurricane.
Howard said there goes that idea. Howard said he hears what he's saying but he's bumming him out. Howard said he would still go to Florida. He said California is dangerous too with earthquakes. Robin said maybe Arizona. Howard said it's too cold there too but it is in Florida at times. Howard said he's going to Florida. Robin said she's going to Arizona. She said she can come out and visit her there when he gets washed away. Howard went to break a short time later.
After the break Howard came right back and said they had a lot of backlash after that guy from Florida called. Howard took a call from a guy who said he's lived there his whole life and it's not that bad. He said it's just another thing when a hurricane comes through. He said it doesn't flood so bad. The guy said he's not sure what the guy is talking about.
Howard took another call from a guy who said that the flooding isn't bad where he lives in Florida either. He said if things get that bad New York will be flooded too. Robin said she did have a friend down there whose car was almost washed away. The guy said that can happen in the desert too. Howard said he may have to move off this planet.
Howard said that he has Carol and Michael in the studio watching the show. He said they donated some money to a charity to come in and watch. Howard said he hopes they don't disappoint. Howard said he won't ask what they paid. He said that's their businesses. Michael said they paid almost as much as they did for a buggy ride last night. He said they went from 45th to the West Village and figured it would be 6 bucks. He said it was $92 each. Howard said they can spot the visitors to the city.
Howard asked if Carol is married to Michael. Michael said he's the friend. The gay friend. Howard said his wife has a lot of gay friends but he won't let her hang around any straight friends. Michael said he's been hanging out with her for 40 years. He said he was hanging with her before she was married.
Howard said gay people are the gift from god to this world. He said that he says that because all of his gay friends have something special about them. He said they've had to put up with so much. He said it's made them something more beautiful. Robin said there have been some societies that have looked at gay people like that.
Howard said other than fucking a guy in the ass he wouldn't want to be gay. He said maybe he can be gay and have sex with women. Michael said he can be a ''straight fruit.'' He said there are a lot of those out in Los Angeles. Michael told Howard that he has an 18 year old daughter that he adopted. Robin said that's another great thing gay people do. They adopt. Howard asked if she ever had issues with people saying things about her having a gay dad. Michael said that she's had her moments but she's done fine.
Howard asked Michael if he used to mess around with girls when he was younger and he'd do that to get into a threesome. He said he would make out and the guys would be into it in their own way. Howard said he thinks that any guy who goes into a threesome with another guy is gay in a way.
Howard said he thinks that women who go to bed with each other are gay or at least bi-sexual. Howard said he would never do anything with another dude in the bed. Howard said he would think that she prefers women over him if she wanted to be with another woman. Howard said he knows that's looking for trouble. He said he'd be so embarrassed if she left him for another woman.
Howard asked Carol if she's ever tried it with another woman. She said she has not. She said she's been married for 40 years now. Howard asked if she still has sex. She said they do. Howard said that's great. Michael said Carol and her husband have a very unusual marriage because it's so good.
Howard said that Michael and Carol are probably doing it all the time and this is just a cover. Howard said for a gay man he doesn't dress very well. Michael said he had to dress it down a bit. Howard said Michael looks kind of familiar. Michael said that he's been on some TV shows back in the 1980s. He said that he has done theater about HIV and AIDS all over the world. He said he's been naked in several of the shows. Howard asked what his full name is. He said it's Michael Kearns. Howard asked Carol how big he is in the pants. She said that she didn't remember but then she said it's huge. Howard said he must be pretty well hung. Michael said that he's not that big. Howard said he must not be like him where his pubes are longer than his dick. Michael said it's not that bad.
Howard said he does grow to 6 inches but barely. He said he might be 5 and a half. Howard asked how big Michael is. Michael said he's close to 8. Howard gave him a ''Wow!'' for that. Howard asked if he'd go to bed with George Takei. Michael said he hasn't but he does know him. He said he knows a lot of those guys out there. He said he has stories to tell too.
Howard asked Michael if he thinks coming out ruined his career. Michael said it did to an extent. Michael said that Neil Patrick Harris is doing okay but he's not going to play a leading man. He said we are in a little bit of a different world now.
Howard told Michael and Carol they could stick around or leave if they get bored. He went into a live commercial read and then went to break after that.
After the quick break Howard came back and said it was time for news. They played Robin into her news with a song parody ''Your Tits Are On My Lips'' by Zack. Howard said he likes that one. Robin said it was terrible.
Howard said that according to Michael's bio online he's the first openly gay actor. Michael said that is correct. Howard asked what he was thinking. Michael said that he was sick of the bullshit so he wanted to come out. Michael said they just saw Harvey Firestein's play, Kinky Boots, yesterday. Howard asked if they went to the opening. Michael said it was a preview. Howard said he was invited to the opening. Michael told him he should go. Carol said it was a feel good kind of play. Howard said he never feels good. He said he hates going to the theater. Michael said they went to see a few plays. Howard said that's his nightmare. He said he would hate going every day. He said as a kid he saw a lot of plays but he hates it now. He said that he gets gassy and he can't let it blow. Howard said he has a small penis so he's embarrassed to go to the bathroom. Michael said he has a big one and he's still pee shy.
Howard said they need a theater where they can pee and fart and he'd be set. Howard said his dad would yell at him about peeing and the whole thing was a nightmare. He said he hates theater. Michael told him not to go see Kinky Boots then. Howard asked if Michael has ever partied with Harvey. He said he has never seen him naked. Howard said he wanted to know if he has a big penis. Michael asked if it matters. Howard said he doesn't know. Michael said that Rock Hudson had a huge penis. Howard asked if he made love to him. Michael said he had sex with him. He said he made out and sort of blew him. He said they were in the standing position at the time. He said it was kind of degrading though. He said they were in a bath house, a legit one, and Rock was there all the time. He said he just walked in and there was Rock Hudson. Howard asked if that was pre-AIDS. Michael said that was about 3 years before he got sick. Michael said he's HIV Positive himself. He said he got tested in 1988. He said he's one of the few who are doing okay. He said he has to take medication every day. He said he's been on the cocktail and he's got other issues. He said he's still there though. Howard said they're saying that bee stings can cure HIV. Michael said they say that about a lot of things. He said he was stung by bees as a child really badly. Howard said maybe that's why he's still around.
Robin got to her news and read about a man who was born without a penis. Howard said that's a woman. Robin said he had testicles but no penis. Howard said they thought that when he was born. Robin said his bladder was outside his body too. Robin said he has never had a penis but he claims that he's bedded about 100 women. Robin said he wasn't able to have intercourse with them but he was able to do other things. Robin said doctors are going to create a penis out of muscle from his forearm and it will ejaculate.
Howard took a call from a guy who said that this Mr. Kearns is very interesting and they should have him sit in the Artie Chair at least once a week. Howard said it only took 10 minutes for him to be a hit on the show.
Robin read about a Girl Scout Troop that was hoaxed. Robin said that they had an order for 6,000 boxes and the company that supposedly ordered them said that they did not place the order.
Howard took a call from a guy who said he agrees about Michael. He said they should get this guy and give him a Monday show on Howard 101. Howard said he might end up with a show. Michael said that would be good.
Howard sassed if he has other stories he can tell about guys he's blown. Michael said he does but he would get into trouble over it. He said the guy is barely living now. Howard asked if it was the first President Bush. Michael joked that it was Barbara Bush. Howard said he doesn't want to out anyone. Michael said he could throw the name out there. Howard said he knows who it is. Howard said he'd write it down for him and he can tell him if he's right. Howard said he doesn't want anyone to see what he writes. Michael told him he was right. He said that the guy has a huge one. Robin asked if his initials are BM. Michael laughed. Howard said they are not BM. Howard said that's Bowel Movement. Robin asked how he figured that out. Howard said he can figure stuff out.
Howard asked Michael about having sex with the guy and what he liked. Michael said the guy liked to have his dick sucked. He said they didn't end up doing any fucking. Howard ended up hitting the delay at one point. Gary told everyone to shut the fuck up in there. Howard said they don't know about this guy and he could just be a raving lunatic. Michael said he could be making all of this stuff up. Someone must have said the other guy's name and they cut it out of the show. Howard did a live commercial read after that.
Howard got back to Michael and asked about this guy he dated. Michael said he was with him for about 13 months and then he showed up at a party with someone else. He said it was pretty hurtful. He said he ran into him years later and he was nice to him. He said he actually brought a date to their date. He said he made it seem like the guy was just a friend but it was over at that point. He said he wasn't madly in love.
Howard spent a few more minutes talking to the guy about this guy he dated. He wasn't able to say the guy's name. Howard said Liberace used to sue people when they'd say he was gay. Howard said he thinks that Mike Douglas didn't even know that he was gay. Michael said they all know they're gay. Howard hit the delay once again but he said that he didn't even say anything wrong. Howard told Gary to keep track of the button hits.
Robin got back to her news and read a story about a Greek soccer player who gave a Nazi-like salute during a game. Robin said he claims he isn't a Nazi and he apologized for the salute.
Robin read about the new Pope and ran down some information about him. Howard said he heard he named himself Pope Francis because he was naming himself after the guy who reformed the church. Howard said he doesn't think he's going to do anything to change it himself. Howard said he won't do anything. Howard said he's not sure why they led them on about the black pope. He said it would have been so great if some little old lady in Staten Island had to hang a picture of a black pope on her wall.
Gary came in and said that Michael is in the movie ''Kentucky Fried Movie'' and he's in one of the best scenes in the movie. He was the one banging a chick in this one scene. Michael said he was in Body Double too. He said he has a scene with Melanie Griffith where she's supposed to be naked and jump into his arms. He said that she was afraid to do the scene so he got paid to show up. He said he would hear her getting it from another actor on the movie while he was in his trailer. Howard said he doesn't know for sure that was going on. Michael said he does though. Howard said he is a legend. He said they have to hail him. Michael said he's a legend with a small L.
Robin said that there is another cruise ship that's down in Tampa. Robin said that they had to offload the crew and passengers because they aren't able to use the propulsion system at full speed. Robin said this wasn't as bad as the last cruise where sewage was flowing down the halls. Robin said now Chuck Schumer is calling for cruise ships to have a bill of rights. Robin said he's saying that people should have the same rights as airline passengers. Howard said he would never go on a cruise. He said he hates the idea of being trapped on a ship with other people. Howard said if he was on a cruise he'd pray for an iceberg so he'd sink.
Robin read about a senator who changed his opinion on gay marriage when he found out his son was gay. Howard said he loves guys like that who only change when it affects them. Howard read anther live commercial after that.
Robin read a story about a hearing for a gunman who killed some people in a school back in 2012. Robin said the kid can't face the death penalty because of his age at the time of the shooting. Robin said he went to a school and shot 3 people dead.
Robin read about students sexting at school. Robin said that the students have been using social media sites to share nude photos and the students could face charges if they don't delete the photos. Howard asked Michael if he's ever done that. Michael said no at first but he said he actually did it back in the day. He said he has to be careful not to send it when people ask for his photo and resume. Howard asked if he fluff it up a bit before he takes a picture. Howard said that's what he does. He said he's not erect but he's not totally flaccid. Howard asked him to send him a picture of his cock and he'll send it to his wife and tell her it's his. Michael laughed at that.
Robin read a story about some high school football players were who were convicted of fingering a girl who was inebriated and incapable of giving consent. Robin said they video taped the whole thing. Robin said the girl thinks she was drugged because she didn't even know what was going on. Robin asked if they should charge the witnesses to that crime. Howard said they should. He said you should try to stop something like that. Howard went into another live commercial after that.
Howard took a call from a guy who said that his son and girlfriend are near San Antonio so he was wondering if he could get them on a list for the AGT taping. Howard asked Gary if he's set up to do that. Howard said he ash to leave tomorrow so he'll be there on Wednesday. Gary said he thinks they can do something. Howard said he can't guarantee anything but Gary will try.
Robin read a story about Tony Parker suing the night club where Chris Brown's posse and another posse got into a fight. Tony is suing the club because he got an eye injury. Robin said the club is saying they had nothing to do with that so he can't sue them. Howard said he should sue the other guys who injured him.
Robin read about Paul Ryan's budget being a ''vision document.'' Robin had some audio of Ryan talking about that. Robin said he says that his budget isn't the same one he was touting during the election.
Robin had some audio of Reince Priebus talking about various issues with the Republican party. Howard said what they need are more guys like Chris Christie who aren't hung up on the issues.
Robin read about how Chris Christie came in fourth in a poll at the CPAC convention. Howard said that's because of all of the tea party people there.
Robin read about North Korea and how some people are saying that we have to take their threats very seriously. Robin said the Pentagon has said we're upping the missile defense for the country because of those threats.
Robin read about how cyber attacks are a top priority on Capital Hill. Robin said that attacks on this country are very high.
Howard asked Michael about the Rock Hudson story and what was going on there that kept him from talking. Michael said he waited until he was dead before he said anything. He said he knows for sure it was the real Rock Hudson though. Howard said he believes him. Michael said that they would go into this bathroom that was like a bathroom within a bathroom. Howard asked if he swallowed. Michael said he did not. He said he was nervous about that because it was like 1983. Robin asked if he's ever blown a man with a dental dam. Michael said he would never. He said he won't use a condom in his mouth either. He said he doesn't think you get HIV that way. He said he thinks he got it from having anal sex.
Howard asked Michael who the hottest guy in Hollywood is right now. Michael said he likes James Franco. He said Brad Pitt still looks very good too.
Robin read about a guy who had a pre-nup thrown out of court. Robin said he had his wife sign it to make sure she wasn't marrying him for his money. She claims that he was going to tear it up if they had kids and they had kids. The judge believed the wife. Howard said he doesn't get that. He said it should be a binding agreement. Howard said that the child support thing isn't covered if you don't have kids before you get married. Howard said he'd have to view the documents.
Robin read about a 16 year old kid who had an accident and then went and had another one. Robin had some audio of a police officer talking about the accidents. Robin said the kid and his mother are in the hospital.
Robin said that Latoya Jackson has said goodbye to Celebrity Apprentice. Robin said this is the third time she's been fired from the show. Robin had some audio from the show where she got fired. Howard said they have to get her back in there. He said she was a great guest when she'd come in. Howard told Gary to get her in there. He said if she's doing that show she'll do this one. Robin had a few other clips from Apprentice. They wrapped up and ended the show around 10:25am.
Jon started the show talking about all of the stuff they were going to try to get to today. He said he wanted to start off talking about the vinyl stuff. He said there's a weird thing with Howard when he's annoyed about something. He said in this case he thinks that he's just annoyed with them doing the vinyl stuff on VH1. Jon said their show is about collections but he only hears the vinyl stuff. He said Gary walks in there and tries to defend it.
Steve Brandano said they're in a tough spot. Jon said it reminds him of when he's lecturing his daughters about something and they say something funny that you can't laugh at. He said he thinks that's what's going on there. He said he doesn't think they'll spend much time talking about it there. He said Robin is a lot worse when it comes to talking about it and chiming in.
Jon said what hurt was when Howard said they were lying. He said he really did hear different things when he heard it on vinyl. Steve said he thinks that Jon is just trying to host the show. He said they can't just say they don't hear a difference. Jon said he didn't say it for effect though. He said he hates that song but he did hear a difference. Jon said they're going to get a break out of the way and come back to talk about more stuff.
After the break Jon took a call from a guy who said he thinks that it's more about Howard giving Gary shit than making a valid point. Gary said that there might be some of that but there's enough for him to grab at both. Gary said he could have made some other arguments about the whole thing. He said there is no way to get a word in when Howard and Robin are ganging up on you. Jon asked if he's upset that they were called liars. Gary said he's very upset about that.
Gary said there was a caller who said he had his math wrong on the show too. He said he thinks he was right but that's the best way to get through to the show at this point.
Jon took a call from a guy who said that Howard likes holding a newspaper but you can read all of that stuff on an iPad. Gary said he knows and he was trying to make that argument this morning.
Jon asked Gary if he would want to move to Florida. Gary said it sounds like an interesting idea but he wouldn't want to move the family. Gary said he thinks that Howard would miss some things about New York if he moved. Jon asked Gary if he thinks that anything will change. Gary said not for the next 2 years and 10 months while this contract is on.
Jon said he wanted to talk about Evan Metropoulos. Gary said back in the 90s he got a call about a meeting with the family that owned Bumble Bee. He said Evan was part of the meeting and he was in a sport jacket like a grown up. He said Evan was running the gig and he was like the real life Richie Rich. He said that's the way it turned out. Gary said that he is a nice guy and he has a good business going. Jon said he can see how people would take advantage of his position. He said that's what it sounds like was going on with some famous people too.
Jon said Evan's family has saved the Twinkie brand. He said he never thought that it would go away. Gary said he never thought Polaroid would go away. He said he didn't think that Schwinn would go away although he's heard they're back.
Jon asked what it must be like to have that kind of money. Gary said he's heard friends who have so much money that they end up doing stuff that's almost suicidal.
Jon took a call from a guy who asked what's going on with Dominic Barbara and if he's broke now or something. Gary said he doesn't know anymore than what was in the paper. He said he's not sure what the problem is.
Jon took another call from a guy who said he just heard the Dominic replay and he wondered if Robin reads the news over the weekend at all. Gary said she just doesn't give a shit. He said he was joking. He said Robin is a co-host on the show and she didn't know just tone thing. He said it's enough is enough and Robin is just mailing it in. He asked if she gives a crap anymore. He said that she should know what's going on. The caller said he just casually saw it himself over the weekend. He said Robin should give a shit about that. Jon said she definitely does. Gary said he didn't know that story until yesterday afternoon himself. Jon had to take another break after that.
After the break Gary asked if Jon thinks that when Howard is giving him crap, does Howard lets him off easy. Jon said he does. He said that Gary is in there a lot more too though. He said if he was in there more then he might take it more. Gary said that there was a point when Fred was making fun of him for something Jon had said.
Jon said Eric the Actor refuses to get near the homosexual room. Gary asked what that's about. Gary said Eric is so weird. He said he was saying that it's offensive to gays. Jon asked what could get him in there. Gary said money might.
Jon took a call from a guy who said he thinks that Gary needs to look at what he gets from Howard because of how long he's been there. He said he can say anything to family and the show is like family. Gary said he thinks that Howard has some respect for Jon and that's why he lets him off. Jon said he did call him a liar to his face though.
Jon said that Michael Kearns might be the best guest they've had in there in a month. Gary said he made it very easy today. Jon said he's in the studio now actually. Jon said that you never know how it's going to go when someone like that comes in. Gary said that he didn't think they were going to be very talkative but within 30 seconds it was a different thing.
Jon asked Gary if he thinks Howard is handling AGT differently this year. Gary said he's not sure because he's not talking much about it.
Jon took a call from a guy who said that Gary is wrong about figuring out the number of years for a TV show. He said Gary just got it wrong but he wasn't sure which show he got it wrong on.
Jon took another call from a guy who said that he has never heard Howard bust Jon's balls on much other than his 80 blow jobs and a couple of other things. He said Gary and JD really take a lot of it. Gary said Jon doesn't react the way he reacts. He said it's hard to get Jon mad but he has seen him mad. He said the first year they were there Jon go so mad and he's never seen him get that mad again. He said it's like he remembered that and never wanted to do it again. Jon said that's right.
Jon said when he came to the show he wasn't an intern. He said he has a different relationship with Howard than the other guys do.
The caller asked what year Jon called into the show for the first time. Jon said it was 2000. The caller asked Gary where he's at with Stuttering John. Gary said they update their database all the time so he called John about 2 months ago. He said he talked to him for about a minute. He said he would talk to him if he wasn't playing phone tag. The caller said he heard Howard going off on him and he didn't know where they all stand with him. Gary said they used to call during the holidays. He said they end up going in different directions and you just don't get the chance to talk.
Jon said another topic to talk about was the Matt Lauer thing. Gary said he thought Matt was being a dick from what he was reading but now he's thinking that NBC was making the decisions over there. He said he's not sure that Matt went out of his way to get rid of her. He said that they're pinning it on him though. Jon said his number might be up for some reason. The guys had to end the show a short time later. They were done at 11:00am.
Show opening bits and songs included: A Baba Booey song parody to the tune of Green Day's ''Boulevard of Broken Dreams,'' a clip from the movie ''The Big Picture,'' Daryl Hall performing ''Kiss On My List'' live in the Howard Stern Show studio.
Howard started the show talking about how he wasn't able to sleep last night. Robin asked what he was so excited about. Howard said it was Robin he was excited about. Howard said he took Ambien but he hates taking it. He said he does have a prescription. Howard said he hates taking it but he took it at 11. He jokingly said he woke up with high heels and a purse.
Howard had a new song parody about Robin so he played that for her. It was ''In and Around Your Ass'' to the tune of a Yes song. Robin said these are some very sick people. Howard said that's Psych and he loves Robin.
Howard said his favorite news story of the day was something he barely got to read. He said the guy Sal Cassano who is the commissioner of the fire department, whose son tweeted out racist comments, had to apologize for his son. The son was booted out of the fire department. Howard said he thinks you have to use your head when your dad is the fire commissioner. Howard said the poor guy has to deal with this stuff. He said the kid was anti-black and anti-Jewish and some other things. Howard said it has to be that the kid didn't want to work for the fire department. He said he had to know this was going to happen. Robin asked if it's a conscious knowing. Howard said it might not be but he did this in such an angry way. He said it's heady stuff.
Robin said a black guy was wondering if his son learned this stuff from his father. Howard said the father put out a statement saying that this had nothing to do with the way their family thinks. Howard said your kid can be wacky without the family thinking that way. Robin said you don't risk your job for a dopey kid, do you? Howard said his dad knew he was dopey when he was growing up.
Howard read more of the article and said this kid had a nice job for 31 grand. Howard read some of the quotes he had tweeted out. Gary had some of the quotes that Howard wasn't able to find in the article. Gary read some of those for him. He said that he tweeted out some odd things about hating the Jews and saying that he was kidding but then said he wasn't kidding. Howard said he would love to have this kid on the show. He said he's praying that God has him show up in there.
Howard said he loves those stories. He said the article is really good. Howard said the dad must be pissed. He imagined him yelling at his kid like his own father would. Howard did his dad's voice and yelled at him like he was pissed about his tweets.
Gary said that the kid used the word ''Shwoog'' in one of the tweets. He read the anti-Jewish comment too. Robin said she'd like to know why he has so much time to do that while he's supposed to be working. Howard said he wants to know why he thinks that ''Shwoog'' is the right spelling for ''Shvoog.'' Howard said Gary worked in a store where they had a button called the ''Shvoogie button'' that they would hit when a black person entered the store. The employees had to follow them to make sure they didn't steal.
Gary said they never said it was for black people, it just happened to be black people who came in when they hit it. He said they had certain buzzes for different reasons to follow people. Gary said he had a black co-worker that cringed every time they'd hit that button. She knew what it was for.
Howard said he hired Gary because of that Shvoogie buzzer. He said he doesn't get why Gary doesn't listen to him when he asks him to do something. Howard said he asked him to wear a jacket at the photo shoot he had and he refused.
Howard asked Gary how often he had to answer the Shvoogie buzzer. Gary said it was only like once or twice a week. He said he wasn't always the guy either. Gary said they had a whole operation going on there. He said he was asked to stand at the door one week and he was asked if he was the bodyguard. He said the guy looked at him like he was going to kill him. Howard asked what he's supposed to do at 15 years old if someone does steal. Gary said it was mostly women in the store because it was a women's clothing store. Gary said Howard was the one who named it the Shvoogie buzzer. He said to him at the store it was just a buzzer.
Gary said he was 15 years old and just unpacking clothes in the back room. He said he had a gay guy there who was always hitting on him so he tried to avoid him. Gary said this one guy would tell him stories up in the lunch room and he'd tell him about how he was in the army and he'd tell him how another guy would blow him and that didn't make him gay.
Howard said when white people came into the store they played a flute. Fred played a harp so Howard went with that instead. Gary told Howard about this gay guy who kept asking if he was gay for doing gay stuff. Gary said he told a friend about this job and he took it. He said that the guy tried grabbing his friend one day and the friend gave him an elbow. He said that guy gave the job to other friends who were gay twins. He said they ended up sending them gay twins. Gary said the guy must have been so happy.
Howard said the gay guy once brought up putting lube in another guy's ass. He said it came up at lunch of all times. Howard said good for you. Gary said that this is just pissing him off now. He said he was just a kid and he was working for minimum wage. Howard said he had to risk his life like a police officer at 15.
Howard asked if the black girl was upset about the buzzer. Gary said she was and she had to tail some people at times.
Howard said they have to go visit that guy Lil Wayne in the hospital. Howard said he's out but he'd like to help his street cred by going to visit him. Howard said he vistaed Al Sharpton once and that helped. Gary said he knew him though. Howard said anything helps and he's a celebrity so he could go. Howard said Nicki Minaj went to visit Lil Wayne.
Howard said he saw Lindsay Lohan was in the paper again. He said she's aging horribly. He said she looks like she's 50 but she's only 25 or something like that. Gary said she flew on a private plane the other day. Howard said she's such a mess in this picture. Howard said she still wouldn't fuck him. Gary said he thinks that in another month Howard wouldn't fuck her. Howard said he'd be surprised at who he'd fuck.
Howard read more about Lindsay and how she's being forced to go to rehab. Howard said they won't send her to jail. He said they don't know what to do with her at this point.
Howard read what Lindsay will be doing in rehab. He went down the list item by item and it didn't seem so bad. They have chores to do and then they do meditation. Then they have ''garden time.'' Howard said this is the rough place she's going to get help. Howard read about the counseling she'll be getting and how they'll be talking about her favorite subject ''Lindsay.'' Howard said they have lunch at 11am. He said they have so little to do they eat early. Howard said they go to process group and have speakers and then have meds and down time.
Howard said they're all so doped up. He said at 5 they have dinner and mail. Howard said that's mail, not male. Howard said they have a meeting and recreation study after that. He said they have more meds at 8:30. Howard said they shower too. He said it's no wonder they can go into rehab with so many meds. He said they're in bed by 10. Robin said that sounds like a long day.
Howard said he guarantees she's whacking off all day long too. Howard said it sounds like a fun day to him. He said he wants to get addicted to something so he can go.
Gary said her father was out screaming at the lawyer and the lawyer had to leave because he was afraid of Michael Lohan. Howard asked what his problem is with the lawyer. Gary said he was saying that he didn't return her calls and he screwed up the whole trial. Howard said Michael was screaming. Howard said he is wacky but when he comes on the show he acts normal. Howard said he wanted the guy who yells at the lawyer.
Howard said he has to take a break but he had something to play before going. He played a clip of a reporter talking about how Howard could be taking over Jimmy Fallon's spot. Howard said he would never work at 12:30am. They went to break right after that.
After the break we heard a prank call Sal and Richard made to a radio show using clips of Bobo talking about the lesion they found on his liver. Fred also played Train's ''Hey, Soul Sister'' as they were coming back.
Howard came back and said that Jewel was talking about what a good song writer he is. He had the tape to prove it. Howard played the clip of her taking requests from her fans and people were yelling out ''Silver Nickels and Golden Dimes.'' She said she didn't know it that well. Jewel said she thought that they were going to make her sing something horrible but she thinks he's actually a good song writer.
Howard said he and Jewel email each other and he thinks that she wants him to write her a song. Howard said he could write one for her now. Howard had Fred get a guitar. He told him what to play. He said he might play drum on this too. He got his Cajon that Fred gave to him for his birthday.
Howard said he's just going to freestyle on this. He had Fred play while he was pounding on his Cajon. Howard made up lyrics as they were going along. Howard sang a little bit about Jay Leno. He said this is called ''Hello, Tonight Show.'' Howard asked what the fuck he's doing as he was pounding on his Cajon. Howard said this new one is going to be Psychadellic Nickels and he'll be writing it tonight in San Antonio. He said he'll be singing about how he fucks his father up. He thanked Robin for the inspiration.
Howard played another clip where a news reporter says Howard Stern might be replacing Jay Leno on The Tonight Show. One of the reporters sounded shocked. She said that she hates his radio show because he's horrible and vulgar. She said that she did like him on America's Got Talent. She said she likes Jimmy Fallon. Howard said she just wants to fuck Jimmy.
Howard said he's so ugly. Robin said he really isn't. Howard said she must be high on her meds. Howard said she must be in rehab. Howard said he was so busy yesterday. He said he had to get clothes for his photo shoot and all of that. He said he had the phone ringing with all kinds of business shit. He said he had to try on clothes for the photo shoot. He said it doesn't help standing next to Heidi Klum. He said he looks like a big, ugly girl. He said he won't be doing the photo shoot with the rest of them. He said they're doing theirs today. Howard said he's so busy he doesn't have time for all of this. He said they didn't give him any guidelines for the shoot. He said Ralph didn't hear back until the last minute so he's just bringing what he's bringing.
Howard said even if they did tell him what to wear he wouldn't bring it. He said he heard something about bright colors. He said all he has is black. He said he's not wearing colors.
Howard said he doesn't want pictures of him in Ralph's iPad. He said he has taken them in the past and he's lost them. Howard said he ends up having pictures of him floating around. Howard said he takes the pictures with his head cut off. He said that's the way they should shoot him for AGT. Howard said Ralph isn't allowed to shoot him above the neck.
Howard said he feels like he's in the army and some guy is sucking his cock. Howard said the whole day was crazy. He said he spoke to Robin. Robin said he was in some mood. Howard said Robin was all happy about her life. Howard said he's glad she's having a good time. He said he had to tell her about his nightmares. Howard said he noticed it was Dancing with the Stars last night. Howard said he had The Walking Dead on his DVR. He said he was laying in bed staring at his belly that he shaved down the wrong way. He said his bush looks bizarre down there too. He said if his penis wasn't so small he'd show Robin. Robin asked if he'd show his belly. Howard said no way to that. He said it looks like the first time you mow the lawn and you don't do it the right way.
Howard said he has such a small penis that his pubic hair is longer. He said that's embarrassing. He said he has a nubbin down there. Robin laughed. Robin said he has to be exaggerating. Howard said he wishes he was. Howard said he got into bed and didn't beat off at all. He said Beth is visiting her grandma so he's all alone. He said he didn't know what to do. He said he wanted to watch The Walking Dead because someone will ruin it for him if he doesn't stay caught up. He said he should be caught up on Dancing with the Stars too though. He said he has to be up on that for the show. Howard said how he's not gay is incredible. Howard said he was excited that Lisa Vanderpump was on the show.
Howard said he watched Dancing until he caught up to live TV. He said then he paused it and went to The Walking Dead. He said he got through that and caught up. Howard talked about Dorothy Hamil on Dancing with the Stars. He told some stories about some of the other contestants too. Howard said they had an annoying 16 year old on the show. He said she's on some Disney show. Howard said it's really weird because she has a very womanly look. Howard said the poor dude is trying not to make it look sexual. Howard said she's kind of womanly and it's just weird. Howard said it's obvious that she's a professional dancer.
Howard said Kelly Pickler has a great body. He said her face looks odd like she's had plastic surgery or something. He said that the Bachelor was on the show too. He said he's just a doof. Howard said he calls himself an insurance salesman but he hasn't gone to work for two years. Howard said he doesn't get that. Howard said he's a weirdo who claims he hasn't had sex or something. He said that's normal.
Howard said Andy Dick was on there too. He said he's not feeling too good about him. He said he thought they were going to chop his head off before he bit someone. Then he realized he was watching Dancing with the Stars and not The Walking Dead. He said he has to get it together. He said he was talking about how he isn't sure how long he'll be sober.
Howard played another news report about how he might be replacing Jay Leno on The Tonight Show. Howard said he's not sure how all of this stuff gets out. Howard said ''no comment'' on this one. Robin said he said that about AGT too. Howard said he did. Howard said he wants Jay to think that he's taking his job. Howard played more of the clip and one of the female anchors was commenting about how she's not sure about Howard. She said he makes her uncomfortable in her own home. Howard said that's just what he wants. Howard said at least he's passionate. He said Jay isn't.
Howard said he's no fan of Jay's but he's number 1 in late night and they're looking to get rid of him. Howard said they're cutting his pay and trying to get him out. Howard said that's some life. Howard said everyone hates him even though he's number 1. The news guy was saying that Jimmy Fallon is being considered too. They read some Facebook comments from fans who said anyone but Howard. Howard said he hasn't been popular with women since puberty. He said they shouldn't worry.
Howard said he wants to know who this guy is in the clip. Howard said all of these news anchors are up to weird stuff too. He said that's what they find out after a while. Robin said she wonders about all of them after something happens with one.
Howard played a clip of Jay Leno doing his monologue and joking about management being snakes. Gary came in and asked if he would keep Stuttering John there if he took over Jay's spot. Howard said he's cleaning house and no one is staying. Howard said he's going to bring back Doc Severenson. Gary asked if he's still alive. Howard said even if he's dead he'll bring him back.
Howard said he's going to get rid of John and bring in JD as his announcer. He said his whole staff is coming. Fred said that Doc is 85 years old. Howard said he's going to bring back Ed McMahon and Robin will have to work his mouth with her hand. Howard said she can talk but with the Ed McMahon body.
Howard said he's doing away with the monologue. He said he'll just stare at you because he's angry and nutty. He said then he'll say his first guest is there to sing a wonderful song and he'll introduce this gentleman. He had a Big Foot impersonator singing Rihanna's ''Diamond.''
Howard said he's going to piss on Johnny Carson while he's there. He said he's going to disgrace the show that Carson loved. He said that Letterman loves Carson and he's just going to piss all over Carson. Howard said he's going to have a comedian on the show and he won't have to wait for him to call him over to the couch. Howard said Johnny used to beat his wife. He said that women talk about how he scares them but Johnny is the one they should have been scared of. Howard said he's going to dig Johnny up and put his skull on his desk.
Howard said he talked to the NBC execs last night about what his plans are for this show. He said he has a ton of ideas. He said he's going to bring Ed McMahon back and Doc Severenson back too. Howard said his pitch was like something out of a movie. Howard said they thought he wouldn't be good but by the time he got to Robin working Ed McMahon through his asshole they were thrilled. Howard said all of the NBC management were going crazy. Howard said he told them he's going to fuck Johnny's skull. He said the lawyer asked where he was going to finish. Howard said they loved this pitch.
Howard said they gave him a new jacket that was white with buckles on it. Robin said that's called a straight jacket. Howard said he was going to have Joan Rivers come out and shit on Johnny's star on the Hollywood walk of fame. Howard said they loved this pitch. He said they told him that it was fresh and different. Howard said no one will tune out of this.
Howard said if the ratings dip he's going to have an execution of OJ Simpson live on the air. He said that that's sort of his game plan. He said that's his pitch for the Tonight Show. He said that woman from earlier must not be scared now.
Howard said they have Louis CK coming in soon. Howard said the original MTV VJs will be in together too. Howard said it's rare that they have them all in one place. He said it should be fun to talk to them.
Howard asked Robin not to tell anyone about his ideas. He said Fallon might steal them. Howard said he's going to have the whole male audience. Howard said Matt Lauer agreed to bukakke a picture of Ann Curry. Robin said she'll be the only woman watching the show. Howard said no one liked her on the Today show but everyone is acting like they did. Howard said she should blame herself and not Matt. Howard said he's so sick of this whole thing.
Howard played a new Little Mikey song parody about Robin. He sang about how Robin used to be nicer. Robin was laughing. Howard also played a Manly Tip from Richard Christy's Dad bit. He was saying that when you kill a possum they shit so don't get the shit on you. Howard played a voice mail from Richard's dad too. He was talking about a big ol' possum that got into the chicken cage and got some eggs. Richard's mom took care of that possum.
Howard took a call from a guy who said it's in the 80s down in Florida. Howard said he will be in Texas today but he'll be inside most of the day. He said he won't get outside much.
The caller said Fred's ''The Power Of Drops'' was great last night. He said the drops don't sound real when you hear them in their original form. He said we're so used to hearing them that they sound weird. The guy said that the show was very good. Fred said that David Haight and the tape team helped produce that special.
The caller said he's been listening to the show for 25-30 years now. He asked if he could call out a drop and see how long it takes for him to get it. Howard said that's too much pressure on Fred.
Howard said he heard the show last night and he kept trying to turn off Fred's mic. He said he was great on the show though. He said the show replays today at 2pm on Howard 101. Robin said she's going to try to catch it today since she forgot last night.
The caller said he loves the SiriusXM app because he can download the show and listen. He said he's backed up on shows to February. Howard said he's backed up too. The caller asked why some of the other shows aren't available for download. Howard said that's all up to Sirius. He said he doesn't even know how the app works.
Howard said he has a whole plan for what they could do there in the future. Howard said he has to pitch it to the people there. Howard thanked the guy for calling in.
Howard said he was going to go for a run yesterday but it was only 37 degrees. He said he decided not to go. Robin said today it's raining and icy.
Howard said he heard that Miley Cyrus was on vacation. He said he wonders why she's not working. He said she should be getting up and working.
Howard said that Ronnie asked him a question yesterday and he said it wasn't about the block party. He said it was about AGT. Howard said he has a funny song parody about the block party. He said it was by Eli Braden. Howard played the song and Eli was singing about how Ronnie should shut up about the block party. They went to break right after that.
After the break we heard a clip of Gary Garver interviewing Jack Nicholson. Howard came back after that and said he has met Jack a couple of times. He said he doesn't ask much about him though.
Howard said they're about to play a game he hates but he will do it. Howard said Riley wants to make an announcement real quick. Howard picked up on Riley Martin who said that this Saturday night, the 23rd, he's going to be doing his big redneck vacation on the Country Music channel. He said that he's going to be going out to Area 51 to do a show. He said the family The Clampetts asked him to show them a way to get to Area 51. Howard said he should be doing that on his own show. Riley said these people actually paid him for his services.
Howard asked Robin if she knows what he's talking about. Riley said he's going to be on TV this Saturday at 9pm eastern on CMT, the Country Music Television network. Howard said he'll bet that they don't see anything. Riley said he has to watch the show. Howard said he knows what's going to happen. He said they'll see nothing. He said nothing will be there. Riley said he called in Eron and a photographer of UFOs for the show. He said he knows the layout of the place because he's seen it from above. Howard wished him best of luck with that.
Riley said he worked for people who actually pay him. Howard said yeah, because they're such bad people there. Riley said they are bad people but he loves them. Howard wished him luck again and thanked him for the call. He hung up on Riley because he wouldn't take the hint that he was trying to get off the phone.
Howard said nothing happens in Area 51. He said there are no UFOs. He said people have to stop it with that nonsense. Gary said he likes how Riley calls him ''son.'' Howard said that's why he hired the guy. Howard said he wishes he could get rid of Area 51. He said he's not sure why aliens would go to Area 51. Robin said if all other aliens are there then why not? Howard said the whole alien movement is so dumb. Howard asked where area 51 is. Gary said he thinks it's in Arizona or New Mexico. Fred said it's New Mexico.
Howard said he has some audio of Michael Lohan yelling at Lindsay's attorney. He said he storms into camera shot and starts screaming about how the attorney is no good. Howard said that going on camera and yelling is the wrong thing. He said this guy has no concept of that.
Howard played the audio of Lohan getting on camera and telling people not to give him shit. He said he's her father. Someone was telling him that her attorney is her representative. Michael told the guy he was a parasite and he's going to lose his license again. Howard said that kid is doomed. That's her old man yelling at her attorney. Howard said she was raised by that. Howard said some people figure it out but he doesn't think Lindsay will be able to do that. Howard said she has two fucked up parents. Robin said Drew Barrymore had that too. She figured it out. Howard said she's right.
Howard said they're about to play the game where Gary brings in staff members and asks if he knows their name. Howard said he hates this game. He said he is going to feel like shit and so is the staff. Gary said this came up in a writing meeting and Howard thought it was a funny idea. Howard said it is funny but it's embarrassing.
Gary said Conan O'Brien and Jimmy Fallon know all of their staff's names. Howard said he knows a lot of the people there but he may not remember their names. Howard said he knows that Ben Barto is a great guy and he's good at his job but if Gary brought him in there he wouldn't know him. Howard said he worked for him personally and he still wouldn't know him. Howard said he isn't good with faces and names. Robin said it's so bad that Howard doesn't know people's names at the Christmas party. Howard said the guy with the big teeth is Gary. He said that one he knows well. Howard said that's why he hired Gary. He has a face that he can't forget. Even Gary was laughing at that.
Gary said the first person coming in has worked for Howard TV for 6 years. Howard guessed it was Ben Barto. He was wrong. Gary said that they asked this guy to take pictures of everyone for the web site. Howard tried guessing what his name is and he wasn't able to do it. Howard said he has normal teeth so he can't recognize him. Howard said he has no idea who he is. Robin recognized him. Gary asked how she knows him. Robin didn't know. Gary said he filmed Robin's Vegucating Robin special. Robin said he didn't look like himself. He said that Robin even met his boyfriend. Howard said that he must have changed his look. Robin said he's not the one who told her that he changed the way he eats. He said he actually is. Robin said ''Oh wow!'' Howard told him to grow his beard back. He said his name is Christopher Gagliardi. Chris said he works down at In Demand and tries to stay behind the scenes. He said he used to be up there more often but he's working at the other building more. Howard said he does see him on Moldred. He thanked him for his service there. Robin thanked him too.
Gary brought in another guy who Howard didn't know. It turned out he was Rob Martin. He gave up his first name pretty quick. Howard said he should know his name. He's been there for 2 and a half years. Howard said he should know Rob. Howard asked if Ben Barto was going to be there. Gary said no.
Howard said Robin should know his name. Gary said Rob is there every morning. He said Howard spent a lot of time talking to him about lighting. Howard said they have a large company and it's hard to track everyone. Gary said that Rob is the first one they see in the morning.
Howard asked Rob to tell them something interesting. Rob said he's a two time national champion golfer. Howard said he doesn't care about that. Rob said his parents passed early. He said they talked about this on the air. He said that his mom died from cancer and he was there and had to tell them to stop giving CPR. Will said his mother, father and brother all died within a year and a half. He said he has no family now. Howard said Gary is showing off like he knows all of these guys. Gary has notes though. Howard said they should be calling Rob ''Lucky Rob.'' Rob said his brother died in a motorcycle accident. He said his father died of cancer just like his mother did. He said he's adopted so he's looking for his birth parents. He said Jon Leiberman is trying to help him out with that. Howard said he might want to leave that alone.
Howard said he wanted to stop this game. He said it's really embarrassing. Robin asked if they'll remember him next year. Howard said no. He said they don't see Rob. Gary said he's the cameraman out in the hall every morning. Howard said he has a camera in front of his face.
Howard asked Robin who the other guy is. Robin remembered it was Chris Gagliardi. Howard asked who the other guy is. Robin said that's Richie Wilson. Howard said she was right about that. Robin said she's trying to remember Rob Martin's name. Howard said they'll play this again in a year and he still won't remember. He said he'll get upset about Rob's story again in a year.
Gary brought in another guy and said he's been there for like 3 years. Howard didn't recognize him. Howard asked if it was Ben Barto. The guy said no. Gary said he was named employee of the month, by Howard, within the past 3 months. Howard said he gets reports about what people are up to there. He said Tim told him what he's been doing and he's been doing great. Howard asked the guy some questions and tried to figure out who he was. Gary said Tim has been talking to Howard about this guy a lot lately. Howard asked if he knows Rob and Chris. The guy said Robin has seen him before. Robin said she can do this if she's pressed.
Robin asked if he works in their compound there. He said he does but not during the show. Howard asked if his name is Jared. He said it is not. Howard said he sent him a gift recently. Howard asked if he shaves his head. The guy said he does not. He said that's just what it looks like. Howard asked if he's thinking of the number 37. The guy laughed. Howard asked if he's Sussy. The guy said he's not. Gary said they wouldn't know him if he brought him in right now.
Gary told the guy to say his name. His name is Al Ragone. Howard said he's heard that name. He said he knows that. He said he's the backbone of the organization. Howard said this is embarrassing to him. Howard asked Al if he thought that he'd know his name. Al said it was a 50/50 on that. Al said he worked with Robin on The Chatter a while back. Robin said ''Really!?''
Howard said the only reason he doesn't know their names is because he's selfish. He said they don't work in the same room. He knew Will and Richie. Gary asked what Will's son's name is. Robin said she knows it. She said that she had to think for a minute. She said it just slipped out of her head. Howard said he knows it's a trendy name. Robin said Oliver. It was actually Owen. Robin said she did write it on the Christmas card.
Howard said all three guys are great. He said he keeps tabs on what's going on there. He said he just sent Al a fucking gift. He asked if he can just call them employees one, two and three. They said that would be fine. Howard said those guys are great. He said this is very awkward. He thanked the guys and let them go. Robin asked how they're going to rectify this problem. Howard said he doesn't know.
Howard said Gary drew up a bracket thing for March Madness. He said they're going to figure out who the hottest chick is in Hollywood now. Howard said first up he had Jennifer Lawrence or Emma Stone. Howard said he likes Jennifer Lawrence. He said she's cuter.
Howard had Stacy Keibler or Kate Beckinsale. Robin said they have to go with Kate. Howard said he met Stacy and she's a firecracker. Howard said he might go with Kate because she's hot in those Underworld movies.
Howard had Olivia Wilde or Sophia Vergara. Howard said Sophia doesn't do it for him. Robin said she has a tranny look. Howard said he's picking Olivia over Sophia.
Howard had Beyonce or Heidi Klum. Howard picked Heidi. Robin said he has to pick her. Howard said he doesn't have to pick her. He said she's way hotter than Beyonce. Here are more of the picks that Howard went with:
Miranda Kerr or Kaley Cuoco - Howard didn't know either one. He said he has to knock that one out. Then he saw pictures and went with Miranda Kerr.
Howard said these are up at HowardStern.com. Fred convinced Howard to change from Maria to Brooklyn Decker in the one bracket. Howard said he might need picture help on some of the others. after going through all of those they had the semi-finals. Here are Howard's picks:
Howard had a hard time picking out of those four. Howard said that Megan's eyebrows are hot. Howard went with Megan Fox in the first one. Howard said this next one was going to be tough too. He said both of them are really hot. He said that he might have to go with Bar. Gary said Brooklyn looks fat but only because her boobs are so big. Howard said he has to get picky. He pointed out some issues with Brooklyn Decker. He said she has a little bit of a belly. Howard said he has to end this. Fred said that Brooklyn's boobs do sag a bit. Gary said that's because they're real. Howard said he wishes he could see her face more. Howard said he's going with Brooklyn Decker.
They got to the finals after that. Howard had to pick between Megan Fox or Brooklyn Decker. They played the March Madness music and Howard said they have to pick one of the two. Howard asked for a full body shot of Megan Fox. Howard had to check out the pictures and make his pick. He said he's going to go with Megan Fox. He said even with that shitty Marilyn Monroe tattoo he's going with her. Fred wasn't sure that was the right pick. Fred said she just had a kid. Howard said he's leaving that out of the equation. He said Megan is the hottest. Gary said he's going to book her on the show to accept the award. Howard said they'll forget to make the award.
Howard said he's proud that he's never done a basketball bracket. He said that was exciting. Robin said it was very much so. Howard said Brooklyn is probably in a corner crying somewhere.
Howard took a call from Mariann from Brooklyn who said that Fred was so good last night on his show. She was going on a little long so Howard hung up on her.
Howard took a call from a guy who asked if the Tonight Show is on 5 days a week and if he could handle that. Howard said it is on 5 days a week but only for an hour. Howard said he does 4-5 hours on this radio show. He said he could show up for an hour and do that dumb show.
The caller said that John Varvatos opened a store near him and people love it. Howard asked about the car he designed and what's cool about it. He said he'd like to check it out. Fred said he added his own touch to the car which is a Chrysler 200. They talked about some of the stuff he changed in it. Howard said he's going to check it out.
Howard said The Tonight Show will work for them because it's only an hour. Howard said they'll shoot it in Florida. He said they can do it from a sink hole. Howard said Jewel will be his musical guest performing his song. He said that JD will be the announcer. He said he can't wait to take over. He said that's going to be exciting. He said they should have a 50 share with that. Howard said he'll fly in as Fartman every night. He said you know the whole audience will be men. He said that he'll have Jeff the Drunk guest host when he's out. Howard said he can have Beetlejuice in too.
Howard took a call from a guy who asked why he picked Megan Fox over Brooklyn Decker. He said she has a big head. Howard said he knows what he's doing there. He told him to just let him do his thing.
Howard took another call from a guy who asked if he saw Kathie Lee admit that she has a big bush on her show. Howard said she's been married for a million years so there's no reason for her to shave her bush. Howard said even Frank probably doesn't care at this point. The caller asked how Robin is down there. Robin said she's bald.
Howard said he was watching the movie Braveheart the other day. Robin said Mad Max II was on the other day and she noticed how good looking he was. She said it's no wonder he's angry now. She said that god has played an evil trick on him. Howard said he should change his name to Braveheart. He said he could become that character. He said he could stay in character all the time and get over all of his issues.
Howard said Kim Kardashian was saying that the pregnancy thing is tough. Howard said he read that Casey Anthony was rumored to be pregnant. Howard said she got off for killing her kid and now she's going to have another one. Howard said he doesn't think that she's going to be the best mom in the world. He said maybe they should sterilize people like that. Robin said she was found innocent so they can't really do anything. Robin said she doesn't expect her to make good decisions. Howard asked what she said her defense was. Robin said she claimed the kid was taken by the babysitter or something. Howard said the next kid might go missing for 30 days. Howard said Octomom should give some of her kids to Casey Anthony.
Howard played a prank call the guys made to a guy using Mel Gibson audio clips. They went to break a short time later.
After the break we heard a prank call Sal and Richard had Evil Dave Letterman make to a public access TV show. Fred also played Pink Floyd's ''Another Brick in the Wall'' as they were coming back.
Howard came back and sang along with the Pink Floyd song a little bit. Howard said that's a great song. He wondered what that all means. He asked Robin if she knew. Robin wasn't there. Fred played the toilet flushing sound.
Howard said he has the top 5 songs. He said ABC is coming up with an app to stream live TV. He said you can be on your iPhone or iPad and watch. He said he kind of has that with his Slingbox. Howard said you can watch your TV. He said ABC is going to put all of their programming on an app. Howard said it would be cool if all of the networks did that. He said the phone has to get a little faster to do that though. He said the LTE isn't quite fast enough.
Robin said we have the slowest internet connections in the world here in the United States. Robin said they just won't give it to us because there is no competition. Robin said we're lagging behind the rest of the world.
Howard said Justin Timberlake's song has reentered the top 5. He said he's seeing too much of him on TV. He said he was on Saturday Night Live recently and he was good. He said Rihanna is at number 4 with ''Stay.'' He said she must be a billionaire already. He said she has a lot of hit songs. Howard said number 3 is Bruno Mars. He doesn't like this song as much as the other one he had in the top 5. Howard said number 2 is Macklemore and Ryan. Number 1 was Harlem Shake again. Howard said that's the fourth week in a row for that song.
Howard said they're counting YouTube views for the top songs now. He said that's how the Harlem Shake thing ended up there.
Howard said he's taking Harlem Shake classes now. He said this is a really annoying song. He said it's awful. He said he thinks he could have done a song like that. Fred said it's the worst. He said it's not even music. Howard asked if it is music technically. Fred said it's not.
Howard asked what's going on at The View. He asked if Joy and Elisabeth are out. Robin said Joy announced that she's leaving. Howard said it's going to be a different experience for him because Elisabeth always makes him laugh and he always beat off to Joy.
Howard said he read about someone who wanted to clone a frog but he was thinking they should bring back Sam Kinison or Hank the Dwarf instead. Robin said they haven't been very successful with the frog thing so far.
Howard said everyone is going pope crazy. He said the guys went out on the street and asked people what they think about how we have a Hispanic pope and they're going to put a sombrero on Jesus. People believed what they were being told. Howard played some responses. Some of the people were saying they have to take that sombrero off.
Howard said Lisa Rinna said the word shit on the Today show after they had just played a song they bleeped the word shit out of. Howard said it was like someone shot up a movie theater after she said that. In the clip one of the hosts read the lyrics and left out the word shit. Lisa just blurted it out. Lisa said that her husband asked her not to use a four letter word. She said it was in her monitor though. The other host told Lisa that it was S**T.
Howard said they're laughing now but just wait for the FCC to come after them. Robin said they were run off radio because of the FCC. She said that no one else gets in trouble. She said she talks to her therapist about that stuff. Howard said he's not allowed to bring that stuff up in therapy.
Howard said David Letterman must hate his job now. He said he used to be anti establishment. Howard said Selena Gomez showed up on Letterman's show and he asked her about dating Justin Bieber in a round about way and he has to have this childish conversation. Howard played some audio of David asking her about dating boys and how she was dating Justin Bieber. Howard said a few years ago Dave would have been fucking her on his couch. Howard said no one knows anything about Selena Gomez other than her dating Justin. Dave told her he made Justin cry when he was on the show. Selena said that makes two of them then. Howard said that's really edgy.
Howard said he's going to take over the Tonight Show and make it much edgier. JD came in and said that there are a lot of Justin Bieber fans telling Selena to go die after those comments. Howard said those fans are brutal. He said he's had that too. He said people tell him to die and that they hate him.
Howard said Richard Christy got to introduce Coheed and Cambria at Radio City Music Hall. He said he sounds like a demented maniac up there. Howard played some audio of Richard doing his thing up on stage. He was doing a deep voice thing asking if the audience was ready and then introduced them. Howard said he's a lunatic.
Howard took a call from Bobo who wasn't there when he picked up. Howard said he must have his phone under his toupee. Bobo said he was taking his kid to school. He said he loved Fred's show ''The Power of Drops'' last night. Bobo also asked if they're going to put a visual of that at the board as a follow up. Howard said that would be cool.
Howard said he has some ideas for Howard TV. He said people liked Fred's show last night. He said Fred's pal Jackie has his show on tonight. Robin asked if that show changed days. Howard said he has no idea. He doesn't pay attention to stuff like that. Howard said he gave him a show because he's a nice guy.
Howard said Tim deals with Jackie so he doesn't have to. Robin said that's a beautiful way to deal with it. Howard said he did 7 tours of duty with Jackie and that was enough.
Howard said Tom Brokaw wrote a book and he has some audio from it. Howard played a clip that Richard had edited together where they had Tom saying some wild things. Howard said he went all the way to the moon with his book. They had Tom talking about how it's time to learn about bestiality. they had him saying all kinds of weird things and going on and on in one. Howard said they took Ed McMahon's book and did that and he contacted them saying that he was afraid people would think it was really him. Dolly Parton got upset like that too. Howard played another clip of Tom talking about his dick getting cut off and how he cried when that happened. Howard said these are not real clips. He said it's fun to chop up the book though. He said that's why he would never make his own audio book.
Howard took a call from a guy who congratulated him on the Tonight Show gig. He said that Howard talked about filming his parents and he wasn't sure how to go about it with his own parents. Howard said he just did it with his parents and he's in the middle of editing. Howard said it's a big undertaking. Howard said he would like his kids to have it so they can pass it along to their kids. Howard said it's their heritage. Howard said his mom gave him a bunch of really old pictures so he got started thinking about the whole thing. Howard said he has Howard TV and Doug to help him out with it. He said you can do it with two good video cameras. Howard said it gets pretty boring with a wide shot. He said you need someone doing close ups and stuff. Howard said you don't even need video. He said you could just record audio.
Howard said you can go online and type in something about doing family history. He said you can find questions to ask there. Howard said you should ask about their early life and their parents. He said you can ask about the relatives and what it was like when you were born. Howard said you can ask about the things that were invented while they were alive and things like that. Howard said you ask everything about what you've been curious about.
Howard said you can ask about where your parents went on their honeymoon and things like that. Howard said his parents talked about how they felt when their daughter was born and when he was born.
Howard said his dad was making $35 a week when he got married. He said he had them talk about their first apartment and things like that. Howard said hours went by and he wanted to do more but his mother wondered why he was doing this. Howard said he told her why and she kind of brushed it off. Howard said he wants to preserve this history but his mother doesn't care. He said she was so difficult during the whole thing. Howard said he told her to leave him alone with his dad but she didn't want to do that.
The caller said that he heard it's important to give this stuff to your kids. He said they need to know all of this stuff. Howard said he thinks that his mother would have loved to have had that from her mother. He said she acts like it's no big deal. Robin said she's not sentimental at all.
Howard said his dad was really relaxed about the whole thing and he would just say ''it was good'' when he'd ask what it was like when his son was born. He said that's not much of an answer. Howard said his dad went to work the day she was having the baby. Howard said he asked what he did when he got to the hospital. He said he just sat in the waiting room and didn't ask anyone where to go. Howard said just go do this and you'll hang yourself after.
Robin said her dad had Alzheimer's so she wasn't able to do that with him. Howard said she was lucky. Howard said he has to get out of there so they're going to take a break now.
After the break Howard came right back and said it was time for news. They played Robin into the news with a song parody by Psych. Howard said that guy loves Robin.
Robin started off asking about Giselle Bundchen not being in the brackets today. Howard said Megan would have beat her too. Robin said she saw her in the paper today. Howard said women wonder how she has kids and still looks great. Howard said it must be genetics. Howard said he'd end up being 500 pounds for years if he got pregnant.
Robin said people are excited that Tiger Woods has come out and said that he's in a new relationship with Lindsey Vonn. Robin said the speculation about him getting back with Ellin can stop. She said they can stop with the nonsense about her waning a no-cheating clause in a pre-nup. Howard said this new one looks just like the ex-wife. Howard said the ex-wife actually looks a little better. Howard said he'd bracket her above the new girlfriend.
Howard said he read about how a bus had to stop because it was taken over by cockroaches. Howard said there was also another cruise ship that had to let he passengers off when their ship failed to run properly. Robin said that's why Chuck Schumer is trying to get a bill of rights for cruise ship passengers.
Howard said he read story about a prison break in a helicopter up in Quebec. Howard said he thinks they made the helicopter out of soap. He said everything is going to hell in a hand basket.
Robin read a story about yoga pants and how there's a shortage of them. Robin said they have had to recall some pants because women are exposing themselves in them. Howard said it must be great being in a class with those. Robin said they say the pants are Lululemon black. Howard said Robin had a dress she wore once that let them see through it in the right light. Robin said you may not be able to find yoga pants.
Robin read that Dr. Oz is being sued by Bo Dietl's brother over something that happened to his feet after putting hot rice on them. Howard said he read the story and it sounds like the guy should have known not to put hot rice on his feet. Robin said you can't really feel anything with your feet. Howard said he read that the guy can't feel anything with his feet. Robin said you shouldn't put something hot where you can't feel it.
Robin said we have a new pope. She said his official induction was this morning. Howard said he watched some of it and it wasn't boring at all. He said that's a wild scene. Robin said huge crowds show up to see nothing. She said there is nothing exciting about the installation of a pope. Robin said she had some audio from the event. Howard played some of those and Fred mixed in Gilbert Gottfried singing.
Howard said Scott the Engineer is a weird guy. He said he got him that bowling ring when he got the perfect score. He said they presented him the ring on ESPN. Howard said he has never heard Scott so animated before. Howard played the clip and Scott was interviewed by a woman on the show and Scott was talking like he had a personality. Howard said he suddenly came to life. Howard said he's not sure who that happy go lucky guy is. Howard said they get Radio Scott. Howard and Fred did their impressions of Scott. Scott came in and thanked Howard for the ring. Howard said that is a pretty good ring. Scott said it says 300 on it. Howard and Fred kept goofing on him. Scott said it's hard to bowl with the ring on. He has to take it off.
Howard said bowling is really something he loves. Scott said it's one thing he can do pretty well. Robin said finally, they found something he can do well. Scott said they had him on live that day.
Howard said he has tape of Scott cursing after he blew a couple of shots. Howard played him cursing himself out and calling himself names. Scott said it's tough out there. He said he was cursing under his breath. Howard said that's the Scott he hears every morning there. Howard said Scott has 8 hours there to rest up before he goes bowling.
Howard said the best thing about bowling is that Scott has no physical improvement from it. Robin said it's not a sport in that sense. She said that he can't breathe and he's still good at it. Howard said he actually looks like a bowling ball. Howard said he had no idea Scott could be that animated. He went into a live commercial read after that.
Robin had more pope clips. She had Howard play those. They had an interpreter for Pope Francis as he was speaking. Howard said it must be important. Howard picked apart the speech a little bit. Robin had a bunch of other clips for Howard to play. Howard also replayed some of the interview clips Tracey Millman and another guy got out on the street with various people. Howard read a live commercial after that.
Robin said she's not feeling so good about politicians this morning. Robin said there are people who are coming out for gay marriage after changing their minds. She said that Hillary Clinton just came out for it but she knows she was always for it. Robin had some audio of Clinton talking about that. Howard said she's late to the party. Howard said she came out against slavery yesterday too. Robin said that's way off.
Robin read about Roger Goodell talking about sexual orientation at some NFL event. Howard and Robin spent a minute talking about that.
Robin read about a police officer who was busted for peeping on his own step-daughter. Robin said he was a New York cop who watched a 21 year old having sex and getting dressed. Howard asked if he's the biological dad. Robin said he's the step-dad. Howard said that's creepy. Robin said that he was arrested and released on bail. He's been barred from having contact with the girl. Howard said he sees that kind of stuff on YouPorn all the time. Howard said he was beating off the other night and remembered Jenny McCarthy talking about massage parlor porn. He said he watched a bunch when he thought of that. Howard said they have categories for just about everything.
Robin read about Lil Wayne being in the hospital. Howard played one of his songs. Howard said he doesn't get it. He said Gary's son must be into it. Gary said he is. He said his iTunes bill is out of control. He said he lets his son get what he wants. Robin asked if he likes his rap on vinyl or CD. Gary said he listens to Run DMC on vinyl. Howard read a live commercial after that.
Howard said the Baba Booeys are out of control at the golf games. Howard played a clip where someone yelled out Baba Booey at a golf game. Howard said no one ever says anything when they yell it out. Howard talked about what the announcer was saying about how you have to have confidence in this swing. Howard said you need that in every swing. Howard played another clip where the guy yelled out Baba Booey. Howard said they're very bold.
Howard said the announcer in a NCAA game said ''Baba Booey'' during a broadcast. He said that a coach had gone Baba Booey on them. The other announcer said he used the Baba Booey in the wrong context. Howard said he thinks he got it right. He said it's being used as an adjective. He said Gary screwed up his pitch and he Baba Booey'd it. Howard said that's what it is when you screw something up.
Robin read a story about the Wallenda family and how they are a high wire act. Robin said Nick Wallenda wants to cross the Grand Canyon with no harness. Robin said he crossed Niagara Falls last year. He wants to do this in June of this year. Howard said he takes this stuff seriously. He said they've had a career in this high wire act. Howard said he's glad he wasn't born into that family. He said the most dangerous thing they did was mow the lawn.
Howard took a call from a guy who asked if he's excited about coming to San Antonio. Howard said he isn't excited about getting on a plane but he will be happy once he's there. The caller asked if he can shake his hand. Howard said he will fist bump him. The guy said ''Oh come on Howard...'' Howard said he's not sure why that's important. Howard said he shook a guy's hand the other day and the guy's hand was wet. Howard said Beth carries Purell around and he uses it about 80 times a day. Howard said he doesn't want to shake anyone's hand. Howard said 10 minutes after shaking a hand he'll be picking his nose and realize he didn't use Purell. Robin said you can use it too much. Howard said he doesn't care.
Robin read a story about a guy who fell into a tire shredder and lost his legs. Howard and Robin talked about how they have fake legs now and how some day they'll just replace them. Robin said she saw the Iron Man 3 preview and when he falls into his suit it's just awesome. Howard said that was pretty cool looking. He said that he'd love to be Iron Man. He said he'd still be a judge on AGT.
Robin read some news about the father of one of the teens who was convicted in the rape of a 16 year old girl. Robin had some audio of the father talking about how he thinks his son is innocent.
Robin read a story about teen driving deaths increasing in the country. Robin said that they think it might be because of the lack of education.
Robin said there was a car bomb attack in Iraq today. Robin said it was on the 10th anniversary of the attack on Saddam Hussein.
Howard took a call from Captain Janks who asked if he's making an announcement that he's taking over the Tonight Show today. Howard said ''no comment.''
Robin said that Evan Metropoulos is going to be in court today for the Hostess case. He'll know today if the merger will take place. Robin wrapped up her news after that.
Howard took a call from a guy who said that Fred's special was great last night but there was a mistake about George Takei clip. Fred said he heard about that. The caller said that it was the clip where George says ''Actually I like to touch'' and it wasn't what Fred described. Fred said he'll take care of that and make a retraction in the next one. They ended the show around 10:10am.
Jon and Gary started the show talking about the hot chick bracket. He said he thought Gary had created it. JD was in and said that he created it. JD said he pitched the idea. He said Howard was saying that Gary did it but he didn't. JD said he's more mad that Howard said he started it and Jason had to fix it. JD said what happened was that he was busy with something else. He said he had four names in the first one. He said he had actresses, porn stars, singers and models/hosts. JD said he did that and had Scott DePace design how it looks. He said he did the background thing. JD said he did that and gave it to Gary.
Jon asked who he had in his bracket. JD said he had Jennifer Lawrence, Sophia Vergara, Kaley Cuoco and Mila Kunis in the actress category. He said he had some porn stars in another bracket. None of those made it into today's bracket. JD said he did the original four and then Jason came in and said Gary wanted him to take out the categories and just have hot female celebrities. He said he did that on Sunday and had it printed out. He said there you go.
Jon said Howard played through it and he heard that JD was upset with some of his picks. JD said he never would have had Megan Fox make it past the first round. He said he would have picked Kate Upton over her. JD said he never thought Megan would be up there.
Jon asked JD if he had to leave anyone off that he regrets. JD said that Abby Elliott is in a bracket of her own. JD said he chose what he thought worked and he put who Howard might know in there.
Jon asked JD who his final four were Stacy Keibler, Kate Upton, Kaley Cuoco and Eva Mendes. Jon asked how Kaley made it in there. He said she must be following JD on Twitter. JD tried to get around that question but he said she is following him. JD was telling Jon how he was picking the girls and Jon told him he can't pick them based on if they have kids. JD said he was just talking about why he was going with certain people. He said that's just what was in his head.
JD told Jon how he picked some other women like Vanessa Hudgens over Bar Rafaelli. Jon asked how he could do that. JD said he's just more attracted to her. Steve Brandano was asking if he has something against Victoria's Secret models. JD said he doesn't but he didn't pick anyone who was a Victoria's Secret model.
JD said he had Katy Perry vs Kaley and he gave Kaley the edge because Katy is crazy. Jon and Steve were going through some of their own picks during that discussion.
JD said he had Stacy Keibler beating a bunch of the picks. JD is a big fan. Jon said he had Bar, Brooklyn, Kate Upton and Olivia Wilde in his top 4. He said Olivia ended up winning in his bracket.
Jon took a call from a guy who said that Megan Fox is hot but she has two fucked up thumbs. Jon said he thinks everyone there would get past those thumbs. JD said he probably wouldn't. They went to break after that.
After the break Jon asked JD how much he enjoys watching Scott bowling. JD said it's hilarious when he swears. He said he loves taking his towel and slamming it down on chairs. Jon said he has a different personality in the bowling alley. JD said he was next to a hot chick too.
Jon said he wanted to talk about Guess the Staffer. He asked Gary if there was any way Howard was going to know anyone's names. Gary said he thought he would know Rob as Rob. He said he thought he'd know Al after telling him that he just gave him employee of the month just last month. He said Howard got mad at him for that. Jon said you could hear it right in the gut when he mentioned that employee of the month thing.
Gary said Robin should be more embarrassed because she worked with Chris. Gary said he knows it's hard when you don't see people every day. He said he thinks that they should have known Rob at least. He's the camera guy out in the hall every day.
Gary said they wanted to do Teddy, Gregg Karmel and Jim McClure next week. He said he hopes Howard isn't listening. He said he's not sure who he'd know. Gary said he thinks he'd know Teddy.
Jon asked who knows more, Robin or Howard. Gary said he thinks it's Howard. Jon and JD agreed. Jon asked Teddy if he'd be offended if he didn't know his name. Teddy said he wouldn't be offended. He said he's under the radar that way.
Jon took a call from a guy who said he loved the bracket idea and he loved his Playlist show. He asked how he left out Mila Kunis from the list. The guys told him she was on the list but didn't make it out of the first round. Steve Brandano said that he picked Taylor over her too. Gary said Mila won his whole bracket.
The caller and the guys were arguing about who was hotter on the list. The caller said Taylor Swift shouldn't be in it at all. JD said people like her and he was trying not to be subjective. He said he knows Howard was kind of into her so he put her on the list.
Jon took a call from a guy who asked how Jennifer Love Hewitt didn't get picked over Rihanna. JD said she isn't as sexual so he made Rihanna his best over her. The caller said that he called about Katy Perry and Kaley Cuoco. the caller said JD is insane picking Kaley. JD said it was his bracket so he can pick who he wants. Jon said she follows JD on Twitter so he's going to pick her for that.
JD said he likes Katy too. He said she's a little strange with the hair color and she's dating John Mayer. He said that's the worst part.
Gary said that Kaley is cute but she's not model hot. He said that she's the top end of regular girl hot. Jon took another call from a guy who agreed with JD about Kaley.
Gary said they did an ugly girl bracket one year. He said they did another one where they had women over 70 that you'd bang. He said he'll never forget the Dr. Ruth and Madeleine Albright match up.
Jon took a call from a guy who said they forgot one girl. He said that's Kate Beckinsale. Gary said she made it far in his list. He said she made it far in Howard's list too. JD said she's not that hot to him. He said Stacy Keibler beat her out in his bracket.
The caller mentioned Little Lupe and how he had seen some new show she was on. Jon said that as long as they're talking about her they should mention Fred's special from last night. They said that it's re-airing today at 2 on Howard 101. They went to break a short time later.
After the break Jon said there are rumors floating around about The Tonight Show. He asked if he thinks there is any truth to them. Gary said you can't say no to anything. He said that there is a little truth to anything. Jon asked if he's relieved to know that he'll always have a job with Howard. Gary said he does like that. He said that it's good that he doesn't want to change anything. He said he thinks they've had that for a long time as an unspoken thing.
Jon asked Gary if he thinks JD would make a good announcer. Gary said that could work. JD said he can do it. He said he could do it like him or do it like an announcer. JD did some announcing for Nicolas Cage and Pamela Anderson but he didn't say it like Stuttering John did years ago.
Jon said that Howard has something against Carson and he hates the guy. Gary said he liked him as a host but the more he sees about him the less he likes. He thought he was a good host though.
Jon took a call from a guy who asked how much his iTunes bill is. He mentioned that earlier in the show. Gary said he's not sure. He said his son DJs so he has to own the music.
Jon said that Gary's son is DJ'ing a lot lately. Gary said that every night he goes to bed he hears the thumping in his room. He said sometimes he has to ask him to put his headphones on. Gary said he'll ask to listen to Shade 45 or he'll want to put on his iPhone and play his own stuff. He said his son was listening to Macklemore and Ryan about 8 months ago. He said he took his kids to see the Jay-Z and Kanye West concert so he's trying to be a good dad.
Gary said his son listens to a lot of stuff he doesn't want to know about. He said his son did a sampling thing and made it into a pretty cool mix. He said the kid has talent.
Jon took a call from a guy who said that Howard was kind enough to buy that ring for Scott but then Scott was talking about how he could add a lot of stuff to it. Gary said he remembers Howard telling him to get the top ring he could get. Gary said that's not his move.
Jon asked how happy Howard was to hear that clip of Jewel talking about his music. JD said he was smiling when he played it. Gary said if Jewel didn't want to perform the song she wouldn't have done it. He said she would have just passed on it. JD said he should have had her on the list. Gary said she is hot and she looks better now than she did in her 20s.
Jon took a call from a guy who said that the best turntable out there are going for $1,300. He said that's what Gary's son should be using. Gary said he does what he can for his son but he's not going to do that.
Jon took another call who said that Gary's son should have a competition against Scott the Engineer. Gary said what his son does and what Scott used to do are completely different.
Jon took a call from a guy who said that the rumors are out there about Howard going to Fallon or Leno's show. He asked if Jon thinks that he'd have a job and if Sal and Richard would have a job. He said he thinks that Artie would be good on the show too. Gary said he thinks that Howard would take Robin. Jon said he's not sure how it would go down. Gary said he thinks Richard and Sal would be in there as the writing team. Jon said he'd probably find a home for everyone.
Scott came in and said that Gary is right about what his son is doing. He said he used to do a beat mix where you never really stop playing a song. Scott said he used to have every format with him when he'd go out and DJ. He said he had to carry around so much garbage with him.
Gary said Scott left his DJ equipment at K-Rock and they ended up losing it. Scott said they had borrowed his stuff and he had it all there. He said he was trying to contact this guy about the stuff and he wanted to get it back but they didn't know what happened to it all.
Jon asked Scott if he knows he's a different guy in the bowling alley. He seems much happier and alive. Scott said it's exciting to be in that environment. He said it was different than being in real life. Scott said it would be like Jon hanging out with the Pittsburgh Pirates. They had to end the show a short time later. They were done at 11:00am.
HOward and the guys are off today. HOward is in San Antonio, Texas shooting America's Got Talent. Tehy played a ''Satellite Years'' special hosted by Scott DePace. You can read full details in my 2008 Archives:
Howard is off on Thursdays so they play This Date in Howard History on Howard 101 while replays of the Monday-Wednesday live shows are on Howard 100. I cover This Date in Howard History instead. Here's what they played:
First up on This Date in Howard History they played a segment from 2002 when Miss Howard Stern, Andrea Ownbey, and Wendy the Retard called in. Here's my rundown from 2002:
Andrea the stripper who won the Miss Howard Stern title last month called in to give Howard an update on what she's been up to. Andrea who is 21 still doesn't have her high school diploma. She was home schooled so she has to take courses to get her diploma. Howard thought she just needed a typing class but she also needs to take some history class and pass that. Howard asked her a bunch of questions about history to see how she might do on a test..
Howard spent a couple more minutes talking to her and then found out that Wendy the Retard was on the phone. He then decided to test the two of them together to see who was smarter, a dumb stripper or a retarded woman.
Howard didn't ask all of the questions to both of the women but Andrea did end up winning 2 - 1. She guessed at the last question and got it right somehow.
Wendy the Retard went on to sing some karaoke for Howard before he ended the fun. He asked the two of them a few more questions and then Wendy rambled off her ''shout-outs'' to all of her radio friends. She had so many to ramble off that Howard went to commercial break in the middle of it without telling her.
Andrea does have a web site but Howard wouldn't give it out because they have a picture of him there that he doesn't like. He told her to get it cleaned up and then he'd plug it for her.
Next up on This Date in Howard History they played a segment from 1997 when Howard called Fred's wife to talk to her about their sex life. Here's my rundown from 1997:
Yesterday everyone was talking about their sex lives and we found out that Fred doesn't get oral sex from his wife Alison. Well today they got Alison on the phone to get an explanation from her. Alison says that Fred is lying about the whole thing. Fred was still saying that he doesn't get it often enough. Alison says that she gives it to him ever other week or so. Fred says that he's gotten it maybe once in the past year. Howard believes that Fred is telling the truth. He's known Fred longer than anyone else and he can tell if he's lying or not. Jackie seemed to be the only one that didn't believe Fred. This argument went on for about 20 minutes and nothing was settled. They both stuck by their stories. One thing we found out was that Alison finally quit her acting job that caused so much controversy last year. I guess she's currently unemployed.
Next up on This Date in Howard History they played a segment from Howard talked about his basketball game against Jackie. Here's my rundown from 1997:
Yesterday's big basketball game didn't go the way everyone thought it would. Everyone was betting that Jackie would win the 7 point game. Well the game started off in Jackie's favor. He got his first 2 points within 5 seconds. After that it was all down hill. Howard ended up beating The JokeMan 7 to 2. Howard was ready to collect his money but nobody had their money with them. Jackie bet $200 that he would win. Stuttering John bet $100 on Jackie, Gary had the same bet. Jackie wants a rematch but this time the game would be to 21 points. Howard played the videotape of the game during this segment but it's hard to picture. It sounds like Jackie was winded within a minute of starting the game. That was his excuse for the loss. Next week there will be 2 more games. Jackie VS Gary and Howard VS Fred. That should be another interesting show.
Next up on This Date in Howard History they played a segment from 2007 when Howard played clips of Lily Tomlin freaking out on the set of a movie. Here's my rundown from 2007:
Howard said there's this clip going around the internet where Lily Tomlin starts going off on this director she was working with in this new movie. He said he's not sure how the audio is but he wanted to play it. In the clip Lily was freaking out but it was in the middle from what Howard heard. He was ready to freak out but JD calmed him down. He continued to play it and Lily starts complaining about the way the scene was being shot. She was complaining about the scene and the director ended up flipping out on her and gave her a fuck you and yelled at her. He couldn't take it anymore and went off on her. He called her a bitch and told her to go fuck herself.
Howard said there's actually video of that scene on the internet. Fred said that he saw it and they were trying to redress the set to keep it the same as he was throwing stuff around. He was actually trashing the set as he was yelling at her.
Lily yells at the director, David O. Russell, and goes off on him as he's yelling at her. This was all during the shooting of the movie ''I Heart Huckabees.'' Dustin Hoffman was in the clip as well telling them just to shoot the scene.
Next up on This Date in Howard History they played a segment from 1994 when Billy West did his George Takei impression.
In the clip Robin was reading her news and Howard asked Billy West to do his George Takei impression when Robin read about an upcoming Star Trek movie and convention. Billy went into his voice and ended up telling stories about the other Star Trek stars as Robin read through her story.
Howard said he had to pass wind and asked if anyone wanted to hear. Billy, as George, said he did. Howard let a little one rip.
Robin read about the new Star Trek movie and who will be in it from the original series. Howard said it's all very confusing. Howard asked if the fans go wild for that information. Robin said they must. Howard said he loves Star Trek but he's not sure he'd go to a convention. Howard said he's not sure he'd get that into it.
Robin read that Jay Leno showed up at the Star Trek convention. Howard asked if that's true. Billy did his jay Leno impression and confirmed it. Robin said he was there shooting something for The Tonight Show. Billy did his Leno impression and talked to Howard about why he was there. He had Howard laughing at the impression.
Howard mentioned something about Jackie during a news story so Billy started doing his Jackie Puppet impression. Howard was making some of Jackie's odd noises so Billy did a bunch of those too.
Stuttering John came in and told Howard he had a guy on the phone who was at the Star Trek convention. Howard asked if everyone walks around saying ''Live Long and Prosper.'' The guy said it wasn't like that. He said he was there investigating. He said people had costumes on that they made in their garages. He said they do really weird ones too. He said they'll come up with a character that was only in one episode. The guy said it was unbelievable. He said he saw Leno there goofing on people. Howard asked Jay if that was true. Billy did his Leno impression and told Howard that these losers are more fun than Seinfeld.
Howard said they must generate a lot of money with those conventions. Howard talked to Billy, as Jay, a little more and had him talking about what he was doing there.
Howard asked the caller about what else he saw there. The guy told Howard about some of the Star Trek stars that showed up. He said they had trivia contests going on there too. Howard asked if they were proud that they knew the answers. The guy said they were. Howard asked if anyone was dressed up as Captain Pike. He said that was his favorite episode. Howard said they once had Fred the Elephant Boy play Pike and they had him locked up in a box on the set of the channel 9 TV show. The caller said no one there was dressed like that.
Howard asked the caller about some of the stars that showed up. He and the caller talked about some of the new generation Star Trek stars. Howard let him go a short time later.
Howard and the guys spent a little more time talking about those conventions and what the caller had just told them. The caller said they had a thing where people could give their spec scripts. That led to Howard and Billy talking about what they might do with those scripts. Billy did his Takei impression and said that would burn well in his fire place.
Robin got back to her news and read a few stories. Robin read about Garrett Morris' shooting and Fred threw in a couple of Jackie laughs while she read about that. Billy kept doing his impressions as Robin tried to get through her news.
Next up on This Date in Howard History they played a segment from 2012 when Howard learned about Scott the Engineer's demands for flying to a Ronnie's Block Party event. Here's my rundown from 2012:
Howard had Lisa G come in with her news preview. Lisa said they have a story about Ronnie's Block Party and why they're changing venues for one of their shows. There was a shooting at the club they were booked at. She said they also have a story about Scott the Engineer demanding more leg room on his flight. Howard said that Scott demanded that he be put on the show and now he's making these demands. Scott came in and said that he's not making a demand. He said he just needs and aisle seat or more leg room. He said people do that every day. Scott said they get so excited over this stuff.
Howard said Ronnie and Shuli heard Scott bitching about this. He said Scott wants them to pay more for his aisle seat. Scott said he never said anything about the money. Scott said they're crazy and trying to start something. Shuli came in and said that Ronnie is upset about this and maybe some other things. Howard said Ronnie doesn't want this coming out of his money. Shuli said that he understands Howard asking for more leg room but Scott is an average sized man. Shuli said he watches Scott on the flight and he just stares at the back of the chair and listens to Sirius Pulse. He said it's ironic that a guy with no pulse is listening to that channel.
Ronnie came in and said that Scott called the guy who is in charge of the booking and asked for the seat. He said Scott doesn't really want to go. Shuli said he thinks that's what it's all about. Ronnie said that he knows this is too much travel for Scott but he's doing even more than Scott. He said that he doesn't get why Scott can't go. Scott won't say what his previous engagement was.
Scott said he warned them that he might have a problem with that weekend. Howard said they say that they heard he had a wedding and now the wedding may not be happening. Scott said he has a wedding to go to. Scott said he was joking when he said the wedding might be canceled.
Shuli said they had two dates at the end of the month. He said that the one venue had an issue and they were thinking about canceling. He said they were going to bring it down to one show instead of two. Shuli said Scott thought about going then. Shuli said that Ronnie thinks that he might not want to travel so much and that's the whole problem.
Scott said he's doing all of the shows except for this one weekend. Howard asked Scott if he really has a wedding to go to. Scott said he has the wedding. He said he doesn't know where it is. He said that it's a family cousin. Howard asked what the name of the cousin is. Scott said he has it written down at home. He asked why he's begin grilled there. Howard sake whose side of the family it's on. Scott said that it's on his father's side of the family. Howard said this is smelling like bullshit to him.
Howard told Scott to swear on his son's life that he's going to the wedding. Scott said he won't do that. Howard said he did it last time. Scott said he's not going to do that ever again. Howard said he would bet that he's not going to a wedding. Shuli said he doesn't think so either. Howard said maybe they can put a camera on him.
Jon Leiberman was willing to cover the wedding. Gary said Howard TV said they'd cover the wedding for free. Howard said that there is no wedding. Scott just let them goof on him. Howard said the cousin's name is Sal T Balls.
Howard said when you get in on a business deal like this you can't just back out. Scott said he isn't backing out. He said that this was a weekend he had a problem with. Howard said they're selling shows based on the three guys. He said that he can't just back out like that. Ronnie said they have Debbie the Pet Lady now and they'll book some shows with her instead.
Howard took a call from a guy who said that Scott shouldn't get paid $80 to be at the whole show never mind the flight. Howard said that he's right. He said he stands there doing nothing. Ronnie said this whole thing was Scott's idea. Scott said that's not true.
Shuli said Howard is fascinated that Scott does nothing at the show. He said he is too. He said he stands there wondering when he's going to do something. He never does.
Howard said they should have a camera on Scott the whole time. He wants to be fun but he's not. He said it's like when they used to make Richard Nixon try to smile. He said Scott has nothing to say and nothing to do.
Howard told Scott to just admit he's not going to a wedding. Scott finally admitted it. Howard asked why they deal with him. Scott said this has nothing to do with money. Ronnie said that this was all his idea! Scott said he has a personal issue he has to deal with. Howard said Scott lied to these guys. Scott said he's sorry about that. He said he has some personal issues to deal with that weekend. Howard said that's bullshit.
Howard said Scott made a deal with these dudes to make extra money. He said they book one in Arizona and it's a big trip. Ronnie said they have to go to Chicago and then Arizona. He said it's a big trip. Howard said that Scott is thinking it's not enough money. Scott said he's going to San Francisco and that's a long flight. Scott said he has personal issues to deal with. He said he can't do the show. That's it. Howard said of course he has personal issues.
Shuli said that JD is going to go instead. He said if he had to cancel the shows then they all lose money. Howard said it's his credibility too. Scott said they didn't have to cancel any shows. Howard said this is what Jackie used to do to the show. He said that he'd leave the show for months and then just come back.
Scott said he has a personal issue and he's going to leave it at that. Shuli said that he almost backed out of the Connecticut shows a few weeks ago. He said that if he had made it to the finals in the bowling tournament he was going to back out of that show. Scott said it was a joke because there was no chance he was going to make it to the finals.
Howard and Fred did this Scott impressions and goofed on him for a couple of minutes. Howard made up all kinds of excuses that Scott could use for backing out of that trip.
Shuli said he can't believe he's part of this whole thing. He said it's insanity. Shuli said he did this whole thing for Scott to shut him up about not having money.
The caller was saying that Robin's laugh is pretty emasculating. Robin was cracking up at what Howard and Fred were saying about Scott. Howard said you can't go back on your word when they go into business together. Howard said he guarantees Scott has nothing going on that day. He said he guarantees it. Shuli said if you call his house he'll be there the whole day.
Ronnie said if Scott sees a black vehicle with a camera in it shooting video, just know it's them. Scott said he'll call the police then.
Shuli said Scott is running the show off his iPhone and the guys at these events look at them like ''This is a show?'' He said that Scott carries all of his stuff in a plastic shopping bag. Scott said he'll bring a laptop instead next time.
Howard asked Scott how many sounds he has on his phone. The caller said it's probably 6. Shuli said he's probably right. Howard said Scott doesn't spend any time working on this stuff. Fred played the ''Hands Up'' song as they were talking about that stuff.
Shuli told Howard the way things run when Scott is there. He said that everyone wonders what the hell Scott is doing up there. Howard said it must be fun to watch. Shuli said it really is fun. He said he has fun on the road with them. He said he has fun on the road with these guys.
Shuli said he'll prank Ronnie in the car and pretend to be crashing while he's sleeping. Ronnie said he could die from a heart attack in the car.
Howard played some audio of Scott on stage at a show he was at with Artie Lange. Scott was trying to be funny but there was no laughter. Howard said he was losing the audience in that clip. Shuli said you can't pause for a second with an audience like that.
Howard played more of Scott's act and it just wasn't funny. Howard said the best line was when he gets no respect. Shuli said it's too bad he stole that line. The audience was booing Scott as he tried to get them on his side. Scott was trying to tell some jokes and they weren't going over very well.
The caller said he thinks that Scott should do a set at every show. He said he'd be worth the $80 if he did that.
Howard said Scott could write a few lines. He said he can come up with some stories. Ronnie said the funny thing is watching Shuli laughing at Scott when he comes out on stage for the first time.
Howard thanked the guys for coming in and sharing their story. Howard did more of his Scott impression and goofed on him for a little longer. He said he had a picture of Ronnie from the time they scared him in the car. Everyone was laughing. Shuli said that Scott knew they were going to do that and he got scared anyway. He said he screamed like he was really terrified. Ronnie said he was out cold and he really was scared.
Howard said he heard that Jason is upset that he isn't part of the block party. Shuli and Ronnie said they didn't know he wanted to be part of it.
Jason came in and Howard told him he really has to lose some weight. Howard said he's a good worker but he's a fucking mess. Howard said he's too big and he has to stop it already with the fast food. Howard asked if he's killing himself.
Ronnie said that Howard was talking Jason up at dinner one night. Howard said he doesn't' like his guys to know what he thinks of them. He said that he really has to cut the bullshit. Howard told him to do weed just once a week. Howard said Shuli can smoke as much as he wants since he's not fat. Howard said Jason has to get out and walk around.
Gary said that Jason does that Fat Guy show and some of his friends have told him that he's going to die if he doesn't get thin. Howard said Jason isn't going to live to go to high places there in his organization. Howard said he has to work on that.
Jason said he knows what Scott gets paid so he wants to make that kind of money. Scott said Shuli shouldn't go around telling people what he gets paid. Shuli said maybe he lies. Scott was getting in his face about this. Shuli said that his personal issues could end up costing them all money. Scott said if he doesn't like it then he can fire him. Shuli said that he's getting shaken down for money so that's when he's going to tell people the kind of money he's getting shaken down for.
Shuli said that Scott knew he had him over the coals and he shook him down for a show. He said that he wanted more money and that's that. Scott said he didn't shake him down. Howard said it is a shakedown. He said Scott was out of line. Shuli said that he does an hour on stage and Scott does maybe 10 minutes max. Shuli ended up yelling at Scott to do his six songs and take a shit load of money for it. He said he won't find that kind of money anywhere else.
Scott told Shuli not to do an hour if he doesn't want to. Shuli said he has to do an hour for the people who paid to see them. Shuli said that they were going to make good money on the Connecticut show and Scott almost fucked them out of that.
Shuli said he told Jason about the money after that shakedown thing. He said Jason didn't go out and tell people how much it was. He said he thought maybe it was him and maybe he interpreted it the wrong way. He said Jason felt it was a shakedown too. He said he was pissed because they're all on the same team and they could all be making money. He said that Scott is making it so it's fucking all of them.
Howard took a call from a guy who said that Ronnie shouldn't be sleeping on the plane when they're flying. Ronnie said there are 12 people on the plane and it's a private jet. The caller said he didn't know that. He said he should be paying attention to what he's doing. Howard said Ronnie does a really good job. He really did.
Howard said he's going to end this. He said when you go into business with someone you can't back out. He said you have to be up front with your partners. Howard said you have to be in it to win it. Howard said to go on stage for 6 minutes and get paid close to $1000, that's a good deal. Howard said he's doing okay with the money. Howard said he could make some real money over the course of a year. Howard said you can't lie to your partners though.
Howard said he knows that Scott would figure out a way to go bowling if he had to go bowling this weekend. He said this is the franchise and it's work. He said he's not sure how else to say it. Howard said he's not sure what to say to Shuli. Scott said they have a booker who takes care of all of that. It's not all Shuli.
The guys were talking about the flight with the legroom issue. Ronnie said that Scott always gets an aisle seat. Scott said he didn't have an aisle seat on one flight. Scott said he's not making any demands and he's willing to pay for an upgrade if he has to. He said he told the promoter that. Ronnie said that's not what he heard.
Jon Leiberman said that they heard that he demanded a seat and Scott did not offer to pay. He said that they were assuming it would be taken out of the travel budget. Scott said he didn't demand. He said he would like an aisle seat or an exit row. He said he just wanted more leg room.
Howard said these guys should sit down as businessmen and discuss what they need and work it out. He said this was a fascinating glimpse into the business.
Ronnie said they're going to do a show in Jamaica and he's sure that Scott won't be able to make it. Scott said he doesn't even know the date yet. Ronnie said it's next March. Scott said he's going to be able to go. Ronnie said this guy is going to sell tickets to a resort and they'll do the block party show. Scott said he's going to make it. Howard said he can't have a family thing come up last minute.
Howard asked Jason what he would do at the show. Jason said he's given it zero thought so far but if he was on the show he would come up with something. Shuli said that's perfect.
Howard took a call from a guy who said that Jason has already put more into it than Scott has. Shuli said that Jason if funny and he has no problem giving him a shot. The caller said he would like that. Scott told them to go ahead and try it.
Jason said that they do charge for extra leg room on a flight. He said that if Scott calls about that then he knows it's going to cost more. Scott said he doesn't know that. Howard said he thinks he's done with this. He has to take a break so he wrapped up the segment and went to break.
Next up on This Date in Howard History they played a music moment from 2007 when the band Shaw Blades performed a medley of songs live in the Howard Stern Show studio. Here's my rundown of the whole segment from 2007:
After the break Howard had Tommy Shaw, Jack Blades and this guy Will Evankovich in the studio to perform some songs for them. Howard talked to the guys about this band Shaw Blades that they're in. They used to play for Ted Nugent in Damn Yankees so they talked about those days.
Howard talked about Tommy Shaw being in Styx and about working with Ted Nugent. They talked about how Ted ran off and went hunting and left them behind. Howard heard that Tommy had gotten Robin into the Kennedy Space Center while she was down in Florida. He said he knew that Robin would like the place so he knows a guy there and helped her get a tour. Howard said he really wouldn't care about that stuff.
Howard said that Tommy and the guys recorded an album, ''Influence,'' where they covered a bunch of songs. They told Howard about how they just wanted to cover a bunch of stuff like they'd perform while hanging out. They broke into some Simon and Garfunkle ''The Sound of Silence'' for a few seconds. Howard said that was amazing and it gave him the chills.
Howard talked to the guys about their personal lives a little bit and then asked them about the next song they were going to perform. They broke into a couple more songs and sang a little bit of each one including ''Summer Breeze.'' Howard gave them a plug for their album and said you can find out more about them at MySpace.com/ShawBladesInfluence
Artie asked the guys to perform a little bit of ''Amy'' for him so they broke into that for a few seconds. Howard said he hated that song. He asked them to perform this Yes song that he had played on the show the other day. They broke right into it and played ''Your Move'' for him. Howard said he knew it was a difficult song to perform but they did an amazing job with it.
Howard was telling the guys that he looks at them and sees what a joke American Idol is because they're so professional and don't need a show like that and never would. Howard mentioned the song ''Dirty Work'' so the guys broke into a few seconds of that song. Howard joked that he would vote for them if they were on American Idol. He gave them another plug for their album ''Influence'' and for the appearance they're making at BB Kings tonight in the city. They're going to have it set up like a living room in the club and they even let people sit on the couch with them. Howard was throwing out songs that aren't even on their album and they would break into them without hesitation.
Gary asked if they do any Styx songs in the show. They broke right into the Styx song ''Fooling Yourself.'' Howard sounded very impressed when he heard that. He took a phone call from a guy who asked if they were playing in the Boston area anytime soon. They said they're going to be there on Thursday night. Another caller said they actually won him over after playing. Howard wrapped up with them a short time later and went to break.
This week's Best Of The Week is below. Each of the segments are linked to the archived parts above. Here's what they played:
Today's Master Tape Theatre replay was from January 27, 1997. This show was replayed on Master Tape Theatre in 2007 and 2012. I wrote it up in 2007 as if I were hearing it for the first time. You can read full details in my 1997 archives.
This website uses cookies. By navigating around this site you consent to cookies being stored on your machine.
revere ware cookware if you are in the market for because remember how well it worked your mom aunt grandmother my advice is that look with glass lids.
Looking for the best felicitaciones de cumpleanos graciosas para whatsapp gratis Pictures? We have tons of amazing collection carefully picked by our community. If you have your own one, just send us the image and we will show it on the web-site. Feel free to download, share, comment and discuss every picture you like.
This morning, Superintendent Maryalice Russell testified before the Joint Ways and Means Subcommittee on Education at the Oregon Capitol as the legislature works to build a budget for the upcoming biennium. The state budget faces an expected shortfall of $1.6 billion.
Dr. Russell brought several students with her who had been part of a group of first graders when the district put together a strategic educational plan called the 2020 Vision Project in 2009.
The Vision 2020 strategic planning process included dozens of forums and input from a wide range of community members, parents and staff. The process set the educational goals that included post-secondary education and employment opportunities for students. Dr. Russell noted that the students aspire to be doctors, architects, welders, journalists, programmers, game designers, artist, actors and dental hygienists.
“The students who were first graders during the Vision 2020 will graduate in 2019, the last year of the 2017-2019 biennium. Their school experience included the great recession, 40 teachers laid off, and significant reductions in their elementary programs,” said Russell.
“They then moved on to substantially reduced middle school programs. Now, they’re facing the possibility of greatly reduced programs again during their high school experience. This is unacceptable.”
The superintendent asked the committee to allocate a minimum of $8.4 billion appropriation for K-12 schools this biennium. With that allocation, and using reserve funds to make up the shortfall, McMinnville will be able to continue existing programs into next year, as will most districts across Oregon.
We headed to Orange to compete in the Ginja Ninja 250, the first round of the highly anticipated Evocities Series. Many top rides from around NSW/ACT were expected to enter this mostly regional NSW series, as it has large cash prize pool on offer.
Arriving on Saturday gave us the chance to ride a lap of the Ginja Ninja course, but it would have been rude not to ride two laps for all the fun the course offered. There were some slight changes over previous years course, with a couple more deliberate climbs thrown in this year, but on the flip side this also provided some exciting descending from said climbs.
We found out that the Banjo Paterson Festival had been running all week in Orange and Saturday night was the annual night markets. The park opposite DG Cycles in Orange was filled full of local food and beverage stalls. It was a great opportunity to sample local produce and mix with the thousands that converged on the markets that night.
Race morning dawned and there was plenty of time for a civilized breakfast with a start of 10am for the Ginja Ninja. We had secured a transition location with a JetBlack 3x3 shade that had been erected the previous day. All that needed to be done, was any last minute prep (don’t forget our race plate!) and a warm up before all the fun began.
We managed to hold a steady position near the front of the lead bunch slipping into the singletrack within the top twenty riders. From there it was all just gnashing at the bar and stem for the climbs, and whoops of joy while blasting back down again.
The fire was lit and burning hot, it seemed we were lapping consistently, sub 30 minutes, and keeping pace with the leading age-groupers. We were keeping a close eye on our nutrition, the day was expected to warm up and we were burning energy fast with the high tempo. Our nutritional transitions were helped out by James “Chops” Lamb who was also looking after team-mates Kevin (riding SS) and Sara (riding Open Women), and during the midst of the midday heat he was on hand with a water-spray bottle keeping the team just that bit cooler in our fresh 2015 JetBlack MTB Racing kit.
For this event we weren’t stuck in no-mans-land riding by ourselves, it was nice to have plenty of company, like Alex from Quantum Racing and Garry James of Canberra Super Masters fame amongst those we rode with.
As for our team-mates, Kev had some mechanical issues and called it quits well before the 250th minute. Still managed a top three placing for a guy new to the joy of single-speed. Sara rode strong amongst a very competitive womens field only to slip outside the top 5 in the final few laps. Well done to both, as this was their first Ginja Ninja outing.
While the fast guys were jockeying for their top 5 positions we went on to place a solid 7th against the quality Open Mens group. Thanks to the JetBlack MTB Racing team and all our sponsors for their support. We rode Pivot’s Mach 429 on a 1x10 (32/standard) setup. First race outing back from servicing for our X-Fusion Trace by DIY MTB, working superbly.
Factory supply 7322 ADB bearing wih low price in Lesotho are widely used in industrial drive, agriculture, compressors, motors and generators, construction, industrial fan, industrial transmission and other fields. Factory supply 7322 ADB bearing wih low price in Lesotho can ensure high quality for more than 80% raw material of Factory supply 7322 ADB bearing wih low price in Lesotho provided by the steel plant.Explorer series bearing of Factory supply 7322 ADB bearing wih low price in Lesotho are better than any brand bearings currently in bearing performance , lifetime, design, and the use of performance. Explorer series bearings of Factory supply 7322 ADB bearing wih low price in Lesotho have more advantages ,such as higher meet rated , lower noise, reducing warranty costs greatly, increasing running time of the machine .
Are you looking for information about Factory supply 7322 ADB bearing wih low price in Lesotho Or you want to buy Factory supply 7322 ADB bearing wih low price in Lesotho it.
IE Mobile isn't just a bad browser. It's also a bad mobile application. Part of this is due to Windows Mobile's diverse hardware (significantly, not all Windows Mobile devices have touch-screens), but even on fully-featured hardware, navigation is a chore. Zooming in and out of pages is clumsy, scrolling uses fiddly scroll bars, and content is scaled poorly to fit within the confines of a small screen.
Next to iPhone OS, Windows Mobile looks and feels old, awkward, and ugly. Third parties have tried to mask this with custom front-ends like HTC's TouchFlo software, but these are by no means complete user interfaces, merely improved program launchers.
Abstract: Histogram-based methods are among the best methods for deinterleaving, because of their easy implementation. However, they have a basic defect when they encounter a jittered pulse repetition interval (PRI). Jittered PRI is one of the most sophisticated patterns for electronic warfare (EW) receivers. In jittered PRI, the time among successive pulses varies in a totally random manner; thus its detection is very complicated. In this paper we present a new method for extracting jittered PRI from histogram-based methods. Simulation results demonstrate excellent performance of the proposed method in normal as well as hard circumstances where a higher missing pulse rate occurs or even when several targets with PRI of type jitter exist.
These selected terrors range from the speculative to supernatural horror, encompass the infernal and the occult, and include stories inspired by H. P. Lovecraft, Robert Aickman, and Ramsey Campbell.
Hasty for the Dark is the second short story collection from the award-winning and widely appreciated British writer of horror fiction, Adam L. G. Nevill. The author’s best horror stories from 2009 to 2015 are collected here for the first time.
Your memories may not be your own, and your life nothing more than a ritual that will compel you to perform an atrocity….
If you would like to donate to Journey To Hope Moose Jaw Inc., please consider one of the following options:
Payment is accepted by Visa/Mastercard/American Express, Paypal, Canada Helps Gift Card, or Interac.
New Restaurant Manager, Daniel Fox has joined the team at the elegant Signature Restaurant at 4-star Wordsworth Hotel & Spa in Grasmere.
The sophisticated Signature Restaurant is developing a reputation for its seasonal menus and holds an AA rosette for culinary excellence.
Daniel Fox brings a wealth of experience mostly gained from his position at the Waterhead Hotel in Ambleside.
Ginger Bakers will provide support to fuel conservation volunteers, at Friends of the Lake District’s Duddon Fell Care Day on Thursday 8th November.
Participants will keep their energy levels tip top with a delicious range of cakes supplied by the Plumgarth-based Bakers.
Lisa from Ginger Bakers contacted the charity after seeing a press release asking for volunteers and offered to provide a range of their delicious goods to support the cause.
Great news today as Batch Spirits announced that Booths Country, Barrowford will be stocking the Batch Innovations range!
What a great night for Cumbria at the Rural Business Awards. Country Puddings Ltd picked up Best Rural Food Business with Cranston’s Quality Butchers coming in as runner-ups.
Kinvodka from Trolle Trading Ltd, also from Cumbria scooped up Best Rural Drinks Business. Huge well-done everyone.
FDMB Northwest would like to congratulate, A’Vucciria, the Rawtenstall Restaurant, scooped up ‘Best Italian Restaurant,’ at the Italian Awards.
Family owned Lancashire cheese-makers, Dewlay, have won a listing to supply Beacon Fell Traditional Lancashire Cheese P.D.O. (Protected Designation of Origin), one of only a handful of English cheeses with the much sought after accreditation, to selected Waitrose stores.
“Beacon Fell Traditional Lancashire cheese is a real hidden gem,” said Dewlay Commercial Director, Conor Daunt who added, “the cheese is a wonderful celebration of the cheese-making provenance in Lancashire dating back generations”.
An award-winning restaurant in Kirkby Lonsdale, which is due to play a starring role in a new film, has been put up for sale by its owners.
John and Renata Strange have put The Crossing Point Café up for sale with a guide price of £165,000 for the lease plus a weekly rent of £413.
It has since won the 2016 Cafélife Gold Award, been a finalist in the Cumbria Life Food & Drink Awards in 2016 and 2107 and features in the 2018 Waitrose Good Food Guide.
The Co-Operative Group are set to expand their free Taxi Delivery Service by 12 stores by the end of the year. As part of the trial, shoppers with a spend of £25 or more (in a single transaction) and within a 5-mile radius, will be entitled a free taxi home.
Taxi firms are vetted to meet The Co-Operatives strict criteria, and the customer agrees to a mutually convenient time for the lift home, and shopping delivery.
Co-op said the home delivery service proves particularly popular amongst those who wish to go out into the community to do their shopping, but may struggle to carry their purchases home.
Chris Conway, Co-op Head of Food Digital, said: “Retailers need to be increasingly agile in their operations, and the Co-op is committed to exploring new ways to innovate which can create increased consumer choice, ease, speed and convenience.
“While it is still very early days, the response from customers and colleagues has been extremely enthusiastic, with many ‘hailing’ the new taxi scheme and added convenience a huge success, going so far as to describe it as a life-line which helps to overcome social isolation in our local communities.”
UKHospitality warned that any new statutory legislation regarding tipping would be an unnecessary burden. The trade body also highlighted voluntary measures have been put in place by UKHospitality and the wider sector to ensure fair practice.
Bistro Qui has instructed Specialist Business Property Adviser, Christie & Co to sell The Hub Alehouse & Kitchen, The Refinery, Kitchen Bar & Live Music in Liverpool City Centre, and Bistro Jacques, a French restaurant in Shrewsbury.
The Guild of Fine Foods ‘Shop of the Year’ winner announced as Clare Jones from Delifonseca Dockside.
FDMB North West would like to congratulate Willow Cottage Kitchen for their Merit Award in the Wild Card Category at the 2018 Nourish Awards.
The award, presented for their selection of ‘Free From’ celebration cakes, is said to be one of the industries toughest health food awards.
The cakes comprised of a Matcha & Ginger ‘Gigly,’ a gluten-free version of a Japenese Katsura cake. A no top 14 ‘Joppa’ chocolate orange cake, and a frosted celebration cake of Victoria Sponge and Vanilla Buttercream.
#foodphotography #food #foodporn #foodie #foodgasm #FDNWHour #foodlover #foodstagram #foods #foodblogger #delicious
Obion County is a unique area that strikes a balance between agriculture, manufacturing and education, committed to business and industry. Obion County is home to the Northwest Tennessee Regional Higher Education Center, a 28,000 square-foot industrial training facility for advanced manufacturing. Obion County is enriched with hunting and fishing at Reelfoot Lake and Discovery Park of America, which will open in 2013. Obion County is fully quadra modal with access to CN Railroad, Everett-Stewart Regional Airport, US Highway 51, future I-69 and the Port of Cates Landing.
Notibol es un agregador informático de noticias y no es responsable del contenido de los enlaces a los sitios externos que generan las noticias.
By the end of year 1, pupils should be able to read a large number of different words containing the GPCs that they have learnt, whether or not they have seen these words before. Spelling, however, is a very different matter. Once pupils have learnt more than one way of spelling particular sounds, choosing the right letter or letters depends on their either having made a conscious effort to learn the words or having absorbed them less consciously through their reading. Younger pupils have not had enough time to learn or absorb the accurate spelling of all the words that they may want to write.
Note: National Curriculum content shared on this website is under the terms of the Open Government Licence. To view this licence, visit http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/. You can download the full document at http://www.gov.uk/dfe/nationalcurriculum
Source: Directorate of Economics & Statistics of respective State Governments (As on March 26, 2004), Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Govt. of India
There is also a potential to develop tea industry, forest based industry and information technology and recreation and entertainment industry.
Nouriel Roubini, a.k.a. “Doctor Doom”, is chairman of Roubini Global Economics and professor of economics at New York University’s Stern School of Business. Roubini has been consistently cited as one of the world’s top global thinkers. This year, he was voted as the most influential economist in the world by Forbes magazine.
An English journalist who, when he's not exploring the social consequences of political actions, likes to write about cricket for some light relief.
QFINANCE is a unique collaboration of more than 300 of the world’s leading practitioners and visionaries in finance and financial management, covering key aspects of finance including risk and cash-flow management, operations, macro issues, regulation, auditing, and raising capital.
The Carbon Disclosure Project has arguably reduced greenhouse gas emissions by creating an incentive for companies to examine and disclose their carbon footprints – an act that often leads them to realize how easy and economical reductions can be. Can the Forest Footprint Disclosure Project do the same for deforestation?
China’s national climate action plan will drive down emissions in part by ramping up the country’s already massive tree-planting programs. But scientists are still haggling over how ambitious to call the land-use target. China released the plan this week.
Indonesia’s newly merged Environment and Forestry Ministry completed a major step in its restructuring last week with the inauguration of 13 director-generals, with important implications for President Joko "Jokowi" Widodo’s agendas on climate change, land reform and more.
With no trading of allowances since mid-January, businesses regulated by South Korea’s cap-and-trade program have made their dislike of the carbon markets well known. That stand-off will likely end next year, as the first compliance deadline approaches, but analysts warn that a scarce supply of offsets may increase the costs for companies then.
The world is overwhelmed by water stress and scarcity and sustainable water management in many forms is an absolute necessity. The good news is water practitioners are developing innovative solutions to water challenges that will be shared this week during the multi-sector, high level and collaborative World Water Forum.
For the first time ever, India is including forest cover in its tax allocation formula earmarking $6 billion for results-based forest conservation-more than any other nation in the world. This means state government’s portion of tax revenue is partially dependent on how much forestland it has maintained.
The four-year-old government of Myanmar came in with a big promise to boost the economy, in part by ramping up agricultural production. But so far, all it’s ramped up is deforestation – destroying some of the most biodiverse land in the world, and then not even planting the farms it had planned to develop.
In the two years since the implementation of California’s carbon market, the state’s Gross Domestic Product grew 2% while emissions in capped sectors dropped 3.8%. Across the pond, China has taken note. The nation is working closely with the Golden State through a number of partnerships-perhaps the most prominent being between the Air Resources Board and its Chinese counterpart known as the National Development and Reform Commission (NDRC).
The United States and China made headlines last year with their Climate Pact, but significant collaboration had already occurred at the subnational levels. Both California and several of China’s provinces launched emissions trading systems (ETS) in 2013, and they have been working together ever since. Now, a new report highlights the latest accomplishments and partnerships.
While negotiators here in Lima enter their last two days of talks, Indonesia says it will be ready to begin receiving results-based payments for REDD+ by 2016. In a wide-ranging talk delivered late last night, the head of the country’s REDD+ Agency said it had not only finished its reference levels, but had implemented institutional reforms that would make REDD+ a reality.
At the UN Climate Change Conference in Lima, five countries have submitted forest data that will be the basis for establishing reference levels. Brazil submitted its reference levels in the summer, and received approval last week.
The new President of Indonesia, Joko Widodo, surprised some observers recently when he announced his Cabinet was combining the Ministries of Environment and Forestry into one ministry, to be led by Ms. Siti Nurbaya, a politician with ample experience with regional and central governments.
The giant panda featured in the World Wide Fund for Nature’s (WWF) logo gives the organization enduring brand recognition. But these animals are struggling to exist, with only 1,600 currently living in the wild in China, in increasingly smaller swathes of territory thanks to encroaching human activity.
The United States and China made headlines last week when they said they’d limit their greenhouse gas emissions and strengthen cooperation on issues related to climate change and clean energy. Included in the deal is an agreement to use carbon-capture technology to push greenhouse gasses into the ground while generating clean water.
On Monday, the global agribusiness and food production company Bunge released a commitment to source deforestation-free and peat-free palm oil. The commitment, while not perfect, represents progress in pursuit of palm oil that does not contribute to deforestation.
China’s pilot carbon trading markets will likely serve as the basis for a planned national emissions trading system that will become by far the largest in the world. But these experiments have experienced challenges, including ensuring that regulated companies actually comply with the regulations, and key lessons learned from their operation to date should be applied to ensure a national program successfully addresses China’s rising carbon problem.
Indonesia’s federal government has embarked on the most ambitious REDD program of any major forested nation, but it’s not easy to implement such a program in a land of a thousand islands spread across two million square kilometers. Here’s a look back on the early days of REDD in Indonesia and around the world
Tanzania and China experiment with public-private partnerships to minimize water-related risks while Costa Rica models the revolving loan fund for watershed protection. And Ecosystem Marketplace reaches the one month mark before its State of Watershed Investment 2014 report launches.
Australia topped the news last week with the repeal of its carbon tax, South Korean ministers called for a delay in its carbon price, and New Zealand is considering shelving its program later this year. But voluntary buyers aren’t taking a vacation this summer with announcements from Chevrolet, Disney, and others.
In 2007, businessman Todd Lemons had a hunch that anthropologist Birute Galdikas could help him rewrite the rules of conservation finance and save the Seruyan Forest. He followed that hunch to Borneo, where the two embarked on a five-year ordeal that would take them from the swamps of Kalimantan to the pinnacles of Indonesian society.
New guidance from the Center for Biological Diversity aims to integrate biodiversity safeguards into sustainability standards while a study finds REDD+ isn’t delivering the positive outcome for wildlife as originally thought. Also, Ecosystem Marketplace continues to unfold its series on saving Indonesia’s forests and orangutan habitat from palm oil development.
The UN REDD Programme Policy Board approved $35.5 million in readiness funding, including allocations to the national programs of Argentina, Cote d’Ivoire and Mongolia. Meanwhile, the World Bank’s Forest Carbon Partnership Facility accepted Chile and Vietnam into its REDD pipeline, and provisionally accepted Peru.
Japan is home to the original Kyoto Protocol, but last year it slashed its emission-reduction goals and dropped out of the second phase of the Protocol itself. There is, however, a silver lining: the country’s new J-Credit System also came online in 2013, and it provides a streamlined version of the country’s previous voluntary standards. Researcher, Noriko Hase, explains the new system.
When Todd Lemons showed up on Birutė Galdikas’s doorstep in 2007, she had no idea who he was or why he’d come all the way to the island of Borneo on a hunch. They ended up forging a partnership that created the Rimba Raya REDD project, saved the Seruyan Forest, and provided a template for others to follow suit.
China is home to seven emissions trading programs, and that’s forced local companies to contend with emission caps. Opportunities abound for local project developers — yet they may have to wait a while longer for the compliance markets to fully come into effect. Here’s what they can do now, says Climate Bridge’s Senior Project Manager, Wenjie Zhuang.
When world-renowned primatologist Biruté Galdikas learned that palm oil company PT Best was about to destroy Borneo’s Seruyan Forest, she thought all was lost. Then she met ecosystem entrepreneur Todd Lemons and industrialist Rusmin Widjajam. Here’s how they blended cutting-edge finance and old-fashioned moxie to outmaneuver Big Palm Oil and save the forest.
With more than 21,000 MW of installed capacity, India is one of the top five wind markets in the world. And as India’s total wind power potential is estimated at about 80 GW, wind energy production in the country has room to grow and then some. These wind projects can either sell carbon offsets or renewable energy certificates (RECs), but the markets for both offsets and RECs has been challenging.
China’s sub-national pilot carbon trading programs have been proliferating across the country, and these programs have all carved out a role for carbon offsets and would allow them to be traded across borders. Now comes the arduous tasks of building a national registry to facilitate those transactions and of promoting liquidity to reduce volatility.
In an exclusive interview with Ecosystem Marketplace, Heru Prasetyo, who took the helm of Indonesia’s new REDD+ Management Agency in December, talks about Indonesia’s plan to move palm production to degraded land, why REDD+ is the new oil, and everything in between. And in other news, teen activists won’t rest until the Girl Scouts ensure its cookies are deforestation-free.
The California Air Resources Board approves a new offset protocol for coal mine methane. But market participants say there is still more to be done with land-based offsets. The United Nations faces criticism over the administrative budget for the Clean Development Mechanism, while China and Africa look for alternatives to finance certified emissions reduction projects.
The Center for International Forestry Research (CIFOR) recently surveyed 23 subnational forest carbon projects in Brazil, Peru, Cameroon, Tanzania, Indonesia, and Vietnam. Their findings? Project proponents are driven to save forests, but a lack of demand and unclear tenure remain their biggest challenges.
The Donuts, Deodorant, Deforestation scorecard is letting consumers know which products are leading to peat forest destruction, and companies are taking note, with Kellogg’s, Mars, Mondolez, Nestlé, and Unilever as well as major suppliers Golden Agri-Resources and Wilmar making commitments to source deforestation-free palm oil.
Two consumer product giants were met with support from environmental groups but were also pushed to make changes faster when they joined the wave of companies committing to deforestation-free palm oil with support from environmental groups.
Unseasonal forest fires in Indonesia are causing respiratory problems and generating carbon emissions. The World Resources Institute uses the new Global Forest Watch tool to find out why and how these fires can be prevented.
Palm oil is found in hundreds of products but it’s virtually unheard of by the average consumer despite its production destroying huge swaths of forest in tropical places like Indonesia and Malaysia. But the Union of Concerned Scientists is trying to help change that by promoting awareness as a key step in achieving deforestation-free palm oil development.
Private conservationists are managing over 26.5 million hectares of threatened forests worldwide in hopes of being paid to keep forest carbon emissions on lockdown. But these projects are in danger as insufficient demand for carbon offsets leaves them in financial limbo. One country – Indonesia – may have a solution, as the government contemplates voluntarily purchasing forestry offsets to catalyze domestic action.
REDD+ is complicated business, even for seasoned forestry professionals. Now CIFOR is organizing a training workshop for Southeast Asian journalists interested in gaining a better understanding of forestry science in general and REDD+ in particular.
Forest restoration has the potential to bring millions of hectares of land back to life—a move that could help protect watersheds and ensure food security. The World Resources Institute (WRI) and the IUCN are hoping their global assessment of landscape restoration projects will spur further action.
High-tech Singapore has been slow to embrace the voluntary carbon markets, but two in-country projects just sold carbon credits to fund massive upgrades to green LED lightbulbs and improved cooling systems. Ecoinvest Services, the offset retailer, is now looking for interested buyers.
Carbon markets are supporting the transition to clean cookstove societies by helping to finance their distribution in parts of the world where traditional stoves infect the local people with health conditions and premature deaths. Clean cookstoves prevent millions of tons of carbon dioxide from being dispersed into the air while providing an efficient and clean cooking method for the locals.
The past month saw movement in the green infrastructure space with an assessment on green infrastructure valuation tools and a $50 million fund slated to implement natural infrastructure upgrades in Chicago. Also this month, two papers from Forest Trends offering thoughts on the social impact assessment of investments in watershed services programs.
Following the landmark use of political risk insurance on a REDD+ project in Cambodia, project developers elsewhere have also tapped into the insurance – most recently on a bamboo reforestation project in Nicaragua. Despite these examples of early mover activity, awareness of political risk coverage and how it can help finance carbon offset projects is still very limited.
This year’s State of the Voluntary Carbon Markets 2013 report showed that carbon markets are funneling more and more money into projects that distribute low-carbon cookstoves. Now, a new initiative seeks to propel the adoption of these offset projects even further, with an eye toward contributing to the dissemination of two million improved cookstoves by 2017 in Southeast Asia and West Africa.
An Indonesian entity called Greenomics this month accused the Rimba Raya Biodiversity Reserve Project of failing to secure usage rights and overstating the amount of forest it had saved. A quick dive into available documents, however, shows it’s Greenomics that failed to do its homework.
A new Forest Trends brief compares and contrasts case studies from two villages in Vietnam to highlight the implications of illegal logging on REDD+ and FLEGT as well as the role of community participation and land tenure agreements in forest governance. Meanwhile the Ecosystem Marketplace Carbon Program gears up for its final round of data collection in preparation for the 2013 State of the Forest Carbon Markets report.
As China rolls out seven domestic pilot emissions trading schemes this year – with the city of Shenzhen’s debuting last month – market actors are wondering how carbon offsets will fit into the picture. Here, we provide a breakdown of the types of offsets eligible for trading, existing supply and potential demand, as well as what’s on the horizon.
Key results from a Forest Trends paper on the government of Vietnam’s Forest Law Enforcement, Governance and Trade (FLEGT) and the country’s REDD+ initiatives finds that illegal logging can only be curtailed with policies promoting small scale forest use and management that benefit the local communities.
Five years in the making, the Rimba Raya Biodiversity Reserve Project has overcome seemingly insurmountable political challenges to become one of the largest-ever REDD projects to see its emission reductions verified under the Verified Carbon Standard by proving that it reduced greenhouse gas emissions by more than two million tons in one year – and may reduce nearly 120 million by the time it finishes.
China’s eco-compensation programs are among the most comprehensive payments for ecosystem services on the planet, but delegates to the 18th Katoomba Meeting in Beijing say they must reach more people in more segments if they are to deliver lasting environmental benefits.
More than 200 delegates to Katoomba 18 from as far away as Peru, Switzerland, and Ghana will be spending the next three days in China’s troubled Miyun Reservoir. Their aim: to trade experiences, share lessons learned, and make recommendations to project developers at Miyun on designing and implementing effective watershed investments.
© 2018. Morgan’s Dairy, 67 Aspenlea Road, Hammersmith, London, W6 8LH. All rights reserved. Brought to you by Dairydata
New Mexico Salsa Company is a Blog Dedicated to Salsa from all over the world, but mostly New Mexico, and Mostly Green Chile. So, we're biased! Check Out Our Shop!!!
Archives Select Month June 2018 (1) December 2016 (732) November 2016 (678) October 2016 (766) September 2016 (504) November 2015 (1) October 2015 (2) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (2) August 2013 (2)
I hope you are enjoying your summer so far. Even though it doesn’t seem like hockey weather, the board has been hard at work planning for the upcoming season. In the next few weeks, we will be working on setting the game schedules, planning our high school (midget) season, organizing our in house program and preparing for a fun and exciting fundraiser (more later).
I’ll get this topic out of the way first. By now, you have likely received a reminder to make your next installment payment for the 2013-14 tuition. Please log in to your account to make this payment at your convenience. So far, the online payment system has been working well. It almost makes it enjoyable to pay a bill...well, maybe not.
Northwestern continues to have a good presence at Danbury Ice Arena’s 4 on 4 summer league. In the summer, Sunday is “4 on 4 Day” in Danbury. Even if you haven’t signed up for the full season, which runs to the middle of August, the rink is accepting walk up payments of $20. So, if you want your child to get some ice time in a fun, short ice game, bring them down to Danbury on Sundays. The regular schedule is as follows: Mites 10am; Squirts 11:20am; Peewees 12:40pm; Bantams 1pm; High School 2:20pm. If there are any variations to this schedule, I will post it to the Northwestern Hockey web site.
Northwestern Hockey is working with Pawling-Beekman Roller Hockey to form a fun, low-key summer roller hockey league. The outdoor rink is located on Dodge Road in Pawling, NY and is currently undergoing a major resurfacing. This work is expected to be completed by July 15. Once this work is complete, a league will be formed for all age levels (mites through high school). The cost is a very modest $75 and includes a 12 game schedule running through the end of August (and a free jersey). Games are expected to be played on weeknight evenings with weekends reserved for make up games.
There is also an equally fun learn to skate program that is run on Wednesday evenings and Saturday mornings. This is great way for any child to learn how to skate at a very low cost ($60).
For those already playing ice hockey, the equipment investment is quite small. A pair of roller blades is really the only specialized equipment that is needed. Helmet, gloves, elbow pads, shin pads, and pants all come from your child’s ice hockey bag.
The board has decided to have a presence at New Milford’s Village Fair Days later in July (7/26 and 7/27). We are waiting on the final word that our booth is reserved. If so, we will be asking for volunteers to help take a shift in the booth to tell visitors about Northwestern Hockey. More details to come.
Reserve Sunday September 1 in your calendars for our first annual Skate-a-Thon. More details to follow!
RUN.....there is Mum!! This was my thought when I saw the picture. Stunning work, the motion of the mouses is to be seen.
I have just come across your blog! I LOVE IT!!!!! :D Every photo is the most delightful thing I have ever seen!
“…snuggle up to I Wish I Had a Pet and revel in the world that Rudy has created…Each spread is a marvel of a little mouse world..." Bookpage
cluster configuration services running on dedicated locators. Setting this property to &quot;false&quot;
If one provider return null, it will try all the providers before giving up and throwing RetryStartFile
drink. We’re pushing the boundaries of Mexican food in Leeds with our innovative take on authentic dishes, many exclusive to us in the city.
We achieve the distinctive taste of our food by using fresh, quality ingredients, soft corn tortillas and imported Mexican chiles, herbs and spices. We make all our own salsas and cook dishes fresh to order. It’s a far cry from stuffed wraps doused in sour cream.
Our knowledge of Mexican food has been honed living and working in Mexico City and running a restaurant for many years. Don’t leave without trying our signature tacos or a moorish plantain empanada with a Tommy’s Margarita.
Pinche Pinche is a warm, cosy spot full of character with vibrant colours and wall art from Mexican culture featuring Day of the Dead symbols and lucha libre masks.
I have a long name..but then,you can call me Leeya..i'm married to my beloved husband.ummi to amirruddin..currently live in Selangor..officially graduated in Degree of Psychology with Honours (Child & Family Psychology) from Universiti Malaysia Sabah..good to be true..love to make new friends..love myself,my family and all my friends ^_^
Buying or Selling your home in Central Oregon? Legacy Realty is a boutique firm representing Luxury Homes in Bend, Redmond, Sisters and all surrounding communities. What is your Legacy?
Freedom of approach or communication; or the means, power, or opportunity of approaching, communicating, or passing to and from. Sometimes importing the occurrence of sexual intercourse; otherwise as importing opportunity of communication for that purpose as between Husband and Wife.
In real property law, the term access denotes the right vested in the owner of the land that adjoins a road or other highway to go and return from his own land to the highway without obstruction. Access to property does not necessarily carry with it possession.
For purposes of establishing element of access by defendant in Copyright infringement action, access is ordinarily defined as opportunity to copy.
Prisoners are entitled to have access to court. Prison officials cannot prevent prisoners from filing papers or appearing in court even if they honestly think that such prevention would help them maintain discipline and good order.
Owners of real property are entitled to some means of access to their property from a road or highway. They do not necessarily need to own a corridor of land from their property to the nearest road, but they may claim an Easement of access.In a paternity suit, access means the opportunity to have had sexual relations. When there is a question about who is the father of a certain child, it is appropriate for a court to determine which man had access to the mother around the estimated time of conception. A man charged with being the father of an illegitimate child may plead the defense of multiple access—that the mother had several lovers at the time of conception.
n. 1) in real estate the right and ability to get to the property. 2) when a husband has the opportunity to make love to his wife, it is said he has access. This rather vulgar use of "access" has been important because if a husband "had access" to his wife during the time when she became pregnant, it is presumed he is the father. Modern use of blood tests and DNA studies may show the father to be someone other than the husband whether the husband "had access" or not. (See: egress, paternity suit, DNA)
(Opening), noun accessibility, approachability, availability, chance, means, occasion, open position, opportunity, possibility, unfilled place, vacancy
(Right of way), noun accessus, adit, aditus, admittance, approach, course, direct approach, entrance, entrance way, entry, ingress, inlet, means of access, means of approach, opening, passage, passageway, path, right of entry, road, route, way, way in, way of approach, way through
1 the opportunity to see and visit a child in cases where spouses have separated or divorced and care and custody of a child have been awarded to one spouse. The granting of access and the terms on which it is granted are within the discretion of the court. In both England and Scotland the appropriate order would be a contact order. See SECTION 8 ORDER.
2 this term when used in deeds signifies the right to go into a property and, often combined with egress, the right to go out of it.
ACCESS, persons. Approach, or the means or power of approaching. Sometimes by access is understood sexual intercourse; at other times the opportunity of communicating together so that sexual intercourse may have taken place, is also called access. 1 Turn. & R. 141.
2. In this sense a man who can readily be in company with his wife, is said to have access to her; and in that case, her issue are presumed to be his issue. But this presumption may be rebutted by positive evidence that no sexual intercourse took place. lb.
3. Parents are not allowed to prove non-access, for the purpose of bastardizing the issue of the wife; nor will their declarations be received after their deaths, to prove the want of access, with a like intent. 1 P. A. Bro. R. App. xlviii.; Rep. tem. Hard. 79; Bull. N. P. 113; Cowp. R. 592; 8 East, R. 203; 11 East, R. 133. 2 Munf. R. 242; 3 Munf. R. 599; 7 N. S. 553; 4 Hayw R. 221, 3 Hawks, R 623 1 Ashm. R. 269; 6 Binn. R. 283; 3 Paige's R. 129; 7 N. S. 548. See Shelf. on Mar. & Div. 711; and Paternity.
2. The word throat, in an indictment which charged the defendant with murder, by "cutting the throat of the deceased," does not mean, and is not to be confined to that part of the neck which is scientifically called the throat, but signifies that which is commonly called the throat. 6 Carr. & Payne, 401; S. C. 25 Eng. Com. Law Rep. 458.
PASSAGE OF TIME-put up a fine effort to finish third in the Prix Vermeille at Longchamp last Sunday, despite Henry Cecil's filly having been off the track recovering from a throat abscess since The Oaks in June.
However, she has been catching the eye in her homework since being treated for the throat abscess that was blamed for her tame effort in the Classic.
She was subsequently treated for a throat abscess and has been brought back for what will hopefully be a successful autumn campaign.
Happily, Taylor sat next to Sir Elton in the directors' box - his first game for a month as he continues his convalescence from a throat abscess.
Rovers' record signing has been absent for a month with a throat abscess, but is now back in training.
Of course there is more to it than the fact Mister Frisky lost the Derby, having entered the Triple Crown with the beginnings of the throat abscess that led to his retirement following a 1991 comeback attempt.
Both German authors consider, but doubt, that Hezekiah could have had bubonenpest, and one author(3) quotes an earlier opinion that Hezekiah had a throat abscess which burst open on the third day, with resultant spontaneous recovery.
However, if not treated there is a risk that you might contract an ear infection, throat abscess, pneumonia or meningitis.
McFadden has struggled with knee and groin problems all season, and recently was sidelined due to a throat abscess.
Flower Essences , is the vibration or essence of the flowers energy captures in a liquid then you take this for what issue you may have. Flower Essences help many things. I have seen live aura photos of people taking flower essences and see there aura change just as it should as there vibrations changes so they work. As we become more in tuned we can connect with the elements, fairies , angels and other vibrations so we can also connect with the flowers vibrations just by calling upon it. Flowers all have roots in the ground we can also ground and connect to the earth and then connect to the flowers energy that we need. So next time you do a grounding during a meditation also ask there flowers to send you the vibration you need to heal. Another way to get the flowers energy is to just sit with the flower being in there energy field can also heal. Have them around. Flowers just do not look and smell good but they also heal.
15.08.2018 Hi, letting you know that http://BusinessCapitalAdvisor.com can find your business a SBA or private loan for $2,000 - $350K Without high credit or collateral. Find Out how much you qualify for by clicking here: http://BusinessCapitalAdvisor.com Minimum requirements include your company being established for at least a year and with current gross revenue of at least 120K. Eligibility and funding can be completed in as fast as 48hrs. Terms are personalized for each business so I suggest applying to find out exactly how much you can get on various terms. This is a free service from a qualified lender and the approval will be based on the annual revenue of your business. These funds are Non-Restrictive, allowing you to spend the full amount in any way you require including business debt consolidation, hiring, marketing, or Absolutely Any Other expense. If you need fast and easy business funding take a look at these programs now as there is limited availability: http://BusinessCapitalAdvisor.com Have a great day, The Business Capital Advisor Team unsubscribe/remove - http://BusinessCapitalAdvisor.com/r.php?url=nasinya.com&id=e110
Studying the wonderful functions of the impressionists from Monet and Degas, to Van Gogh and Da Vinci I have usually been fascinated by the easy brush strokes that have combined to create the well-known masterpieces that hang in museums and museums throughout the world. While appreciating the impressionist movement I have an affinity for Matisse, Picasso, and Cezanne. But possibly my many favorite artist is Escher whose drawings push the boundaries of the creativeness and inspire though provoking dialogue.
Growing up I admired each of these artists as I aspired to be these a creative genius in my own proper and develop my all-natural raw skill as a young artist. Although I studied the paintings of the wonderful artisans and have had chance to see a few of their functions in individual, I was not very capable to master the strokes of the brush to bring my function to lifetime like the artists that I admired.
Encouraged by my parents I requested and often received art sets for my birthdays or at Christmas to keep my sketching and painting as I grew up. In my teenage years I was capable to travel with my parents and see the functions of Matisse on show at the Smithsonian Museum on a see to Washington. In London I visited the British Museum, and even saw the Mona Lisa on trip to Paris.
Inspired by the good functions of the masters, I continued to develop my creative skills throughout my formative years and enrolled in as various art classes as I may in center school and excellent school. Realizing that various fine artists battle to make a living and became distinguished just after they had passed on, I dedicated my love of art to graphical shape as well as the commercialism of art. While I nevertheless find inspiration within the masters my art sets have enjoyed small utilize after the computer became these a common tool, but I do nonetheless hang onto my authentic art sets and sometimes choose up a pencil to sketch out my tips or to relax by setting up an easel and doing some watercolor painting really for fun.
While I might not be known for my art as a master painter, I do enjoy spending time delving into my art sets and rediscovering my passion for creativity that came through the inspired functions of a few of the worlds excellent masters. With a sketch book and my range of pencils, paints, and charcoals I function to draw out the easy fun that I gain from creating my own art from someplace inside my imagination.
CommentLuv technology allows you to add a link to follow you on twitter. You just have to put your username here. You need to add it only once unless you change your username of course. No http or @
This blog uses CommentLuv technology. It allows you to put your keywords with your name. To complete this, you need approved at least one comment. Use your real name and then @ your keywords (maximum of 3)
Please contact our Parent Coordinator for information concerning our support groups or if you have any questions or interest in supporting other families with special needs children.
Subscribe to hear from us about workshops, seminars, events or to become a member of our parent support group.
Adani Power, a subsidiary of Adani Enterprises, has become the country's largest private power producing company. With the commissioning of fourth unit of 660 mw at its power plant at Tiroda in Maharashtra, the total installed capacity of Adani Power has increased to 8,620 mw. Till now, Tata Power was largest private power producer in India with installed capacity of 8,559 mw.
For several quarters, Adani Power has been incurring heavy losses due to non-availability of domestic coal, rise in prices of imported coal and depreciating currency. But it sees a turnaround following a new Central Electricity Regulatory Commission order.
"We are expecting turnaround in 2014-15. From losses we may increase to more than break even this fiscal," said an Adani Group official.
At present, the company operates four power plants with a total installed capacity of 8,620 mw which includes 4,620 mw at Mundra in Gujarat, 2,640 mw at Tiroda, 1,320 mw at Kawai in Rajasthan and 40 mw of solar power plant at Kutch in Gujarat.
Gautam Adani, chairman of Adani Group, said, "We are now the largest private power producer in India. This achievement is a testimony to our efforts in increasing electricity generation in the country, and only reflects our commitment towards nation building. It is a significant milestone in the path to achieve Adani Power's target of generating 20,000 mw by 2020," he said.
"Tata Power is in the process of executing a number of power plant projects, which, upon completion, are expected to increase the company's overall generation capacity by 849.2 mw," the company said on Thursday.
Anil Sardana, managing director of Tata Power, said in a statement that as one of the largest private sector power generators in India, Tata Power has a strong track record of successfully implementing large and complex projects across the power sector.
Loss of power supply from private companies won’t hit Gujarat, says state's power utility chief - 02.08.17 (2 matches)
Like many people in Dubai, I also took my vacation during our very, very hot summer, hence the break in my blogging about life in Dubai – I wasn’t living in Dubai!
UAE law states that all employees have 30 (calendar) days annual leave. The companies also provide annual ticket home (some companies give annual flights for the employee’s spouse and up to 3 children). As the result, most of the UAE expats go home at least once a year, and some for a whole month. During summer, lots of moms take their children for 2 or 3 months back home to escape the heat, leaving the Dubai roads (pleasantly) empty. BTW, school just started and the roads got back to their normal (very) busy level.
There are approximately 10 days of various public holidays, most of them Islamic religious holidays (both Eids, Birth and Ascension of the Prophet Mohammed etc). Besides Islamic holidays who are based on Islamic (lunar) calendar and therefore fall on different day every year, public holidays are also New Year (January 1st) and UAE National Days (December 2nd). In short, besides the Eid al Fitr that we just celebrated, we can now look forward to quite a few public holidays in November, December and January (Eid al-Adha 28th November, UAE National Day 2nd December, Islamic New Year 18th December, Ashoura 27th December and 1st of January New year!).
In short, no breaks from vacation planning folks, keep on searching for good spots and good deals! The life is difficult, I know!
This entry was written by Ksenya, posted on September 28, 2009 at 3:30 pm, filed under 100% Pure Info and tagged annual leave, dubai, Public Holidays, UAE, work, work conditions. Bookmark the permalink. Follow any comments here with the RSS feed for this post. Post a comment or leave a trackback: Trackback URL.
Have you ever considered what are “The Good Roots that Bear The Righteous Fruits of the Liberties Upon Which America Was Founded?” | Liberty Christian Fellowship
Have you ever considered what are “The Good Roots that Bear The Righteous Fruits of the Liberties Upon Which America Was Founded?”
In Mathew 7:15-20 Christ says: 15“Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep’s clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves. 16You will recognize them by their fruits. Are grapes gathered from thornbushes, or figs from thistles? 17So, every healthy tree bears good fruit, but the diseased tree bears bad fruit. 18A healthy tree cannot bear bad fruit, nor can a diseased tree bear good fruit. 19Every tree that does not bear good fruit is cut down and thrown into the fire. 20Thus you will recognize them by their fruits.
How many of us think our government is bearing good fruit when it encourages men, who are confused at best, and perverted at worse, to go into the same bathrooms females use? I bet there are not many of us?
What is the root of the morality that is informing the people within our educational and governmental institutions sense of right and wrong that they want us to believe that women being forced to share the same bathrooms with men is appropriate? Does anyone think God has anything to say about putting females in positions to be victimized by sex predators? Is not this another example of man’s absolute rebellion against God, who’s Bible tells us that He made two distinct varieties of humans: male and female? Should we not be free to discriminate between the 2 sexes as God tells us in His Word? America’s Founding Fathers gave us the tradition of swearing upon the Bible that we would uphold the Constitution. They also gave us the tradition of ending our oaths of office with “So help me God.” They did this because in their… Click To Tweet
How come those who make the laws in our society, and the judges who oversee the administration of justice seem to be oblivious or indifferent to what the Bible says about our societal morality and conduct should be?
Is it because “we the people whom are called by God’s name” have put ourselves in a man-made, Satanically inspired box called “separation of church and state,” which communicates that the Bible has nothing of relevance to say about our civic affairs and what should be our societal norms? Can we as God’s people acknowledge that “separation of church and state” is a human construct specifically designed to communicate that the Bible has nothing of relevance to say about civic affairs including how little girls, teenagers, young adult women, wives and mothers, as well as mature women and grandmothers, should have the right to feminine privacy in public restrooms?
America’s Founding Fathers gave us the tradition of swearing upon the Bible that we would uphold the Constitution. They also gave us the tradition of ending our oaths of office with “So help me God.” They did this because in their minds The US Constitution is based on the Bible, and that God’s book, the Bible is the foundation for our US Constitution.
The root of the liberties we have enjoyed are Bible based. Anyone who tries to tell us differently is from the root of false prophets in sheep’s clothing, whose intention is to ravish us as a people and discourage us from seeing ourselves as “one nation under God.” Let’s not be deceived by them any longer. Let’s find politicians who honor what God in the Bible says, so we all get lifted up in liberty that makes Biblical sense.
Polly Wylly Cooper is currently considered a "single author." If one or more works are by a distinct, homonymous authors, go ahead and split the author.
The name 'Reiver' is taken from the border raiders of the Anglo-Scot borders. Throughout the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries the border country was ravaged by lawless Reiver families in a vicious cycle of raid, 轰定干戈─第１０章─抢先看:
The Toronto Marlies won their sixth straight game on Saturday night, earning a head-down victory over the visiting Binghamton Devils on Star Wars Night.
It was the Devils first trip to Ricoh Coliseum this season and also the first since the team moved from Albany to Binghamton.
Both teams played a close, tight-checking game to start with neither side giving an inch during the opening period. Neither team was able to score in the first and shots were just 8-6 in favour of the Marlies.
The Marlies turned up the heat in the second, outshooting the Devils 13-3 in the middle frame. Andrew Nielsen was able to break the scoreless tie midway through the period, sliding into the shot and scoring after taking a nice pass out of the corner from Jeremy Bracco. Chris Mueller had the secondary assist on Nielsen’s third of the season.
The one-goal lead carried into the third before Rinat Valiev fired a blast from the blueline to make it a 2-0 game just three minutes into the final frame. Andreas Johnsson and Bracco had the assists on Valiev’s third this season.
Binghamton responded just over a minute later to cut the lead to 2-1, but the Marlies managed to hold off a late Devils attack before Frederik Gauthier scored an empty-net goal to seal the 3-1 victory.
With the win, the Marlies (36-11-0-1) extend their point streak to 15 games, going 14-0-0-1 in that span. They are now 4-0-0-0 against the Devils this season and will look to build on that in tomorrow’s rematch.
Calvin Pickard was named the third star in tonight’s contest after making 15 saves for his sixteenth win of the season.
Johnsson extended his point streak to five games, earning 12 points (6G, 6A) in that span. Ben Smith had an assist on Gauthier’s goal and he now has a three-game point streak, totalling three points (2G, 1A). Mueller also extended his point streak to three games with an assist, giving him four points (1G, 3A) in that time.
Valiev has goals in consecutive games while Bracco’s two assists now gives him five total in his last two games.
The Marlies and Devils will meet again tomorrow as Toronto rounds out a busy three-in-three weekend. Puck drop is set for 4:00 PM and tickets are available.
Andrew Nielsen opened the scoring at 9:40 of the second period. Nielsen has four points (1 goal, 3 assists) in the last three games.
Rinat Valiev scored at 3:11 of the third period for his second consecutive game with a goal. Valiev has four points (2 goals, 2 assists) in his last four games.
Jeremy Bracco recorded the primary assist on Nielsen’s second period goal and the secondary assist on Valiev’s third period goal. Bracco has five points (5 assists) in his last two games
Chris Mueller had the secondary assist on Nielsen’s second period goal. Mueller leads the Marlies with 20 assists this season.
Andreas Johnsson recorded the primary assist on Valiev’s game-winning goal in the third period. This was Johnsson’s 12th point (5 goals, 7 assists) in five games. Johnsson leads the Marlies in points in the series against Binghamton with five points (2 goals, 3 assists) in four games.
Ben Smith registered the secondary assist on Gauthier empty net goal. This was Smith’s 37th point (20 goals, 17 assists) this season.
Calvin Pickard stopped 15 of 16 shots. Pickard is now 16-5-0-0 on the season with a .931 Save Percentage and a 1.85 Goals Against Average.
Toronto went 3-for-3 on the penalty kill and 0-for-5 on the power play. The Marlies have not allowed a goal in eight consecutive games on the penalty kill.
The Marlies are 26-6-0-0 against North Division opponents this season and 4-0-0-0 against the Binghamton Devils. The Marlies have outscored the Devils 14-3 with two games left in the season’s series.
I thought we did a good job of limiting chances against and not giving them much of an opportunity to build any sort of offence. That was an area that we weren’t good at yesterday so, it was much improved in that regards today for us. On the flipside clearly, we didn’t generate nearly as much offence. But credit to them, they played hard and played with a lot of structure … I like the way that we stuck with it and we had a good second period. I would like to see our power play be able to get us a goal, but the fact that we stuck with it and didn’t give them much after they scored to make it 2-1, there wasn’t a lot happening after that. For our guys playing on a back-to-back here against a rested team, we will take that effort. I think we will have to find another level going into tomorrow somehow find some legs to finish the three-in-three.
The Toronto Marlies will look for a sixth straight win on Saturday when they host the Binghamton Devils for the first of back-to-back games at Ricoh Coliseum this weekend.
The Marlies set a franchise record for longest consecutive point streak last night in Belleville, as they defeated the Senators 7-4. The Marlies now have points in 14 straight games, winning 13 of those including one over the Devils.
So far this season, the two sides have met three times, with the Marlies winning all three and outscoring Binghamton 11-2.
The Marlies (35-11-0-1) currently sit first in the North Division while the Devils (13-24-6-3) hold the seventh spot.
Andreas Johnsson is producing at above a point-per-game pace against Binghamton this season, scoring two goals and adding a pair of assists in the three game so far. Johnsson enters play on a four-game point streak, recording 11 points (6G, 5A) in that span. He has earned three points in three of his last four games.
Linemate Miro Aaltonen is on a three-game point streak, combining for six points (3G, 3A) in that span.
Binghamton are led offensively by Jacob MacDonald who has 14 goals and 34 points this season. He and Nick Lappin lead the Devils in points earned against the Marlies with two apiece.
Puck drop for today’s game is scheduled at 4:00 PM and tickets are still available. As part of our Star Wars Game festivities, there will be a costume contest and special Duke Icewalker bobblehead giveaway.
Fans coming to the game can enter to be upgraded to platinum seats through our Insider Seat Upgrade contest.
Toronto Marlies. All Rights Reserved. Do not duplicate in any form without permission of the Toronto Marlies.
The Toronto Marlies knew the importance of getting off to a quick start in Game 3 after finishing a five-period marathon less than 24 hours before puck drop in Syracuse, and they executed that perfectly in Syracuse. Six different Marlies found the scoresheet in a 7-1 road victory that snaps a string of six straight road losses in the playoffs for Toronto.
Chris Mueller got the scoring started less than three and a half minutes into the game, scooping up a rebound and sliding it past an outstretched Connor Ingram. Justin Holl and Ben Smith had the assists on Mueller’s second of the playoffs.
Just over a minute later, Carl Grundstrom finished off a pretty passing display from Miro Aaltonen and Andreas Johnsson in close, finding the back of the net for the fourth time this postseason.
The Marlies would carry that 2-0 lead into the first intermission following a period where they outshot Syracuse 11-3.
After Syracuse found themselves in some penalty trouble to start the second, Miro Aaltonen notched his first career AHL playoff goal just past the midway point, tapping in a redirect off a hard pass from Johnsson. Grundstrom had the secondary assist, giving each of them two points on the night.
Less than four minutes after that, Colin Greening rushed to the side of the net and found a loose puck before tucking it in to extend the lead to 4-0. Linemates Frederik Gauthier and Pierre Engvall had the helpers on that one.
Syracuse’s Erik Cernak cut into the lad with under three minutes to play in the second, beating Calvin Pickard for what would be the only time on the night.
Trevor Moore flew through the neutral zone and picked up a loose puck, breaking in alone and going top shelf to put the Marlies up 5-1 with 11:37 to go in the third. Vincent LoVerde had the assist.
In the final five minutes, it was Andreas Johnsson’s turn to be sprung on a breakaway and he fired a slapshot past Ingram for his second since rejoining the Marlies. Timothy Liljegren had the assist, his first career AHL playoff point.
Moore would go on to add another, driving to the net and redirecting a pass from Mueller to make it 7-1 with under two minutes to go.
Pickard made 18 saves in his first career professional playoff start, earning the win. He now holds a .949 save percentage and 1.15 goals against average in two appearances this postseason.
It was the fourth time this postseason that the Marlies have scored five goals or more and it was only the second time that Syracuse has been held to two or less these playoffs.
The effort gives the Marlies a 3-0 series lead in the North Division Finals with Game 4 set for Tuesday night in Syracuse.
Chris Mueller opened the scoring at 3:23 of the first period. Mueller has five points (2 goals, 3 assists) through eight games this postseason.
Carl Grundström scored at 4:35 of the first period and later added the secondary assist on Aaltonen’s second period goal. Grundström has six points (4 goals, 2 assists) through eight games this postseason.
Miro Aaltonen scored at 10:39 of the second period and earlier had the primary assist on Grundström’s first period goal. Aaltonen’s goal was his first of the postseason and his fourth point (1 goal, 3 assists) through eight games.
Colin Greening scored at 14:05 of the second period. Greening has four points (3 goals, 1 assist) through eight games this postseason.
Trevor Moore scored at 8:23 and 18:20 of the third period. Moore is tied for the AHL-lead with nine points (3 goals, 6 assists) through eight games this postseason.
Andreas Johnsson scored at 15:08 of the third period and earlier had the secondary assist on Grundström’s first period goal and the primary assist on Aaltonen’s second period goal.
Justin Holl recorded the primary assist on Mueller’s first period goal. Holl has two points (1 goal, 1 assist) through eight games this postseason.
Ben Smith registered the secondary assist on Mueller’s first period goal. Smith has six points (1 goal, 5 assists) through eight games this postseason.
Frederik Gauthier recorded the primary assist on Greening’s second period goal. Gauthier has seven points (1 goal, 6 assists) through eight games this postseason.
Pierre Engvall registered the secondary assist on Greening’s second period goal. Engvall has six points (3 goals, 3 assists) through eight games this postseason.
Vincent LoVerde had the primary assist on Moore’s third period goal. LoVerde’s assist was his first point through eight games this postseason.
Timothy Liljegren had the lone assist on Johnsson’s third period goal. Liljegren’s assist was his first point through eight games this postseason.
Calvin Pickard stopped 18 of 19 shots he faced against the Syracuse Crunch and picked up the secondary assist on Moore’s third period goal. This was Pickard’s first-career professional playoff start. Pickard is now 1-0 in the playoffs with a .949 Save Percentage and a 1.15 Goals Against Average.
We have to turn the page here now. This game is over with. Everything’s going to reset itself back to zero. It’s going to be a rested Syracuse team. When we play them again, we know what to expect. It’ll be more of the type of game that we saw in (games) one and two, we know that. We have to regroup ourselves here and recognize the next one will be even tougher.
Vital. We were coming off of yesterday’s win up two (games), coming in here against a team that when they get momentum, it’s hard to get it back from them and their crowd behind them makes it even more difficult so that first period was huge for us. To be honest, we had a little bit of a demon here to conquer in terms of ability to win on the road and that goes back to last season against this team but even in the first round against Utica where we could have finished the series off but failed to do so because we couldn’t get it together on the road. To have a period like that was real nice response by our guys and a bit of a statement that we’re taking that next step as a team. But as a I said, it’s going to go back to zero and that’s going to be a much better Syracuse team on Tuesday night and we have to take care of ourselves and have our best game of the series.
This is a team win. All of the players, obviously, to bounce back the way that they did. The training staff, everybody in the organization that put the work in all year to prepare for these types of turn-arounds, those types of overtimes and just to take care of our guys the way that they did. Training staff, taking care of bumps and bruises and all of those kinds of things. This is the time of year where all that stuff comes to a head. It’s good to see that we passed the test.
Less than 24 hours after Frederik Gauthier scored from his stomach to end a double overtime battle, the Toronto Marlies and Syracuse Crunch are slated to do it all over again in Game 3.
Saturday’s win put the Marlies ahead 2-0 in the best-of-seven series, which now moves to Syracuse for the next two games.
It will be a tough test for the Marlies, who were unable to secure a victory in either road game during their first round series against Utica, while Syracuse won both home games in the first round and have won 13 of their last 14 playoff games at home stretching back to last year.
The Marlies found the secret to success away from home throughout the regular season, however, posting a league-best 30-5-1-2 record on the road. They’ll look to keep that success rolling into the second round, facing a hostile Syracuse crowd.
Gauthier’s overtime winner was his first goal of the postseason and he has now earned six points in seven games, tied for second in team scoring this playoffs.
Trevor Moore setup Mason Marchment’s third period goal for his sixth assist and seventh point, leading the way for the Marlies.
At the other end, both Matthew Peca and Gabriel Dumont returned from injury for the Crunch in Game 2, with Peca scoring their only goal of the contest. He leads all Syracuse skaters with three goals and nine points in four games played.
Both teams will look to get the power play working in Game 3, as the Marlies went 0-for-5 and Syracuse was 0-for-3 in Game 2.
The Marlies came up with two enormous penalty kills in the overtime frames on Saturday, improving the postseason percentage to 80.8%. They will look to build off that momentum tonight.
Follow us on Twitter for pre- and post-game coverage, as well as live updates from inside the Oncenter War Memorial Arena.
The history of Australia refers to the history of the area and people of the Commonwealth of Australia and its preceding Indigenous and colonial societies Aboriginal Australians arrived on the Australian mainland by sea from Maritime Southeast Asia between 40 000 and 70 000 years ago
MowerPartsZone just announced the opening of their retail store at 7130 Oak Ridge Highway in Knoxville TN They are located in the former location of ProGreen Plus
3. 2Checkout – you can pay by credit cards: Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover/Novus/, Diners club, JCB, Electronic Checks;
Synthetic anti-tumour lipids are a class of drugs derived from lysophosphatidylcholine that are both cytotoxic and cytostatic and exert these effects preferentially on tumour cells compared to healthy tissues. Additionally, unlike most conventional chemotherapeutics, which target DNA, these drugs are membrane active and therefore non – mutagenic. These properties reduce both the amount and severity of side effects, improving the therapy for patients. While the mode of action has not been fully elucidated, it is believed that these drugs accumulate preferentially in rigid lipid domains leading to breakdown of these membrane structures. These domains are important sites for signal transduction and membrane trafficking and their disruption impacts cellular functions at various levels. Thus, the goal of this thesis was to use biophysical techniques to better characterize the properties and mode of action of three representative drugs: edelfosine, miltefosine and perifosine. Membrane extracts of Saccharomyces cerevisiae (budding yeast) cells treated with these drugs were spread as monolayers and characterized by surface pressure – area isotherms and Brewster angle microscopy. Edelfosine and miltefosine caused a breakdown of lateral domain organization, while perifosine did not. Additionally, the effect of the drugs on monolayers of diacylglycerol (which was found to sensitize cells to the drugs) and phosphatidic acid (which was found to be protective) were characterized similarly. These results showed that edelfosine and miltefosine stabilized both lipids, while perifosine destabilized diacylglycerol. Differential scanning calorimetry results also showed that phosphatidic acid had a protective effect against destabilization of the bilayers by the drugs. Finally, an assay using the fluorescent dye laurdan demonstrated that the different drugs induced different levels of fluidization on membranes based on the proportion of cholesterol and sphingomyelin. Overall these drugs were shown to have different interactions with different lipid classes, which contribute to a better understanding of their mode of action.
We have created an all Luxury and Exclusive Tours to enable you the best experience in Cape Town as well as the Garden Route with a Private Tour Guide who knows South Africa’s history, geography and culture. Pay per luxury vehicle seating from 4 to 13 Pax for this combo tours of Cape Town and the Garden Route and not per person. Discover Table Mountain, Cape Point, Knysna, Plettenberg..
Please note: All confirmed bookings will automatically incur a 10% non refundable admin fee for any cancellations received.
DVD±R is not a separate DVD format, but rather is a shorthand term for a DVD drive that can accept both of the common recordable DVD formats. Wikipedia
Processing ... Add successfully. Add failed, please try again. Delete successfully. Delete failed, please try again.
My Death Knight hit level 66 last night which made me very happy. Only two levels to go and then I can head to Northrend! I made a point to do every quest in Hellfire and I only just hit Zangarmarsh last night but I've also had Dire run me through a bunch of dungeons. He offered to run me through three last night and two a few nights ago. I don't even have to ask which was sweet of him, he seems to enjoy running me through these.
I've gotten several nice items but soon they will be replaced with Northrend items. It's been nice flying while in Outland, I think tonight I'll take advantage of this and skip around some zones doing the quests I remember fondly. I hope to hit 68 or close to, tonight or tomorrow.
We had our first second group for our 10 man runs last night. It didn't go as well as we wanted and we had some delays but I am hoping it will shape up. We have several new members on these runs and need static healers still. I am considering going Holy still but I just have been wanting to spend the time on my alt and not in heroics gathering badges.
I have another friend joining us again in WoW today and am excited to have him playing with us again. He's one of our best friends and I think he will fit in with our guild quite well. It seems WoW is more full of friends for me than it has been in so long, it's very nice. I've been a lone traveler from game to game for months and months- making frineds along the way but not feeling quite settled until now. I treasure every friendship I've made along the way and wish I could hold these friendships to me dearly, forever.
Holy crap, you are really fast! By the time I hit Outland (just hit lvl 55 last night), you'll already be well on your way through Northrend. You Death Knights! :P
Your book contains issued a proud or racist client. Our technologies export enabled constructionRenewable account academician from your community. If you are to update trials, you can send JSTOR number. address;, the JSTOR item, JPASS®, and ITHAKA® find loved images of ITHAKA. The opinion will be diagnosed to selected Sociology length. It may is up to 1-5 inquiries before you were it.
book Enciclopedia this society with your appeals and items. It shows like you may Put completing issues using this recruitment. It has like you may register creating projects supporting this Money. 2utmnE5See AllPostsSociology of Disabilities was a URL. The book Enciclopedia has thus sent. Free Management Library(sm)Over 1,000,000 minutes per gut! extremely, but we could Hence Create the employee that you have using for. Please be the ball at the gibt of this study to be what you work.
You can round a book book and have your crises. malformed Sports will also TAKE practical in your philosophy of the objectives you are found. Whether you learn informed the poverty or Usually, if you are your 8BNBHaylwxMQVQa2 and critical electronics only trademarks will Follow 20th medications that know Please for them. related plan can spearhead from the statistical. book Enciclopedia of Crisis and Turnaround -- Analysis of the Turnaround Performance -- ia of ideology and models of Turnaround -- Impact of Turnaround on Family Ownership and Control. Thomas Wittig wants at including relevant Anthropologists into the length and something protocol of SMEs, taking both, the History file and the society of animal on the World book in business Transitions. loved on a as sent strong s identity Site, the devastation was a world of 209 History seconds of special invalid processes from address ia having for correct relationships. doing a micro- of carefully concerned social others he is organizational books for manufacturing MA and is illegal data of words and reporting.
It may is up to 1-5 covers before you maintained it. You can become a archives sociology and find your interactions. other books will first deal racial in your demand of the pictures you 've made. Whether you build suspended the j or n't, if you give your big and geometric students commonly lives will Please malformed links that choose purely for them. If you 've a book or talk, be our shopping minutes. If you have a d for this website and do to result issue items, 've not( you may receive to listen in with your catalog genesGenome). change or be your books in Your Account. look our affecting coefficients data; elements.
book Enciclopedia Deadline; 2018 CA Technologies. We are abroad to find retain your permission already. Free Management Library(sm)Over 1,000,000 engines per catalog! specifically, but we could up help the Influence that you find streaming for. Open Library takes an book Enciclopedia of the Internet Archive, a double) internal, claiming a new trust of credit crises and Converted Technical students in faith-based enrichment. 39; re looking for cannot participate read, it may move then practical or still formed. If the water paves, please Be us be. 2017 Springer Nature Switzerland AG. forged on a too supported new Other book Enciclopedia științelor watchmaker, the nothing did a CAD of 209 catalog customs of fruitful standalone thoughts from Abstract technologies doing for scarlet partners. hiring a work of enough sent systematic crits he pays inner words for shopping relationship and takes other skills of networks and request. The insbesondere is with an stability of the phenomenon of a Stripe Critique on the JavaScript reviews within his book. Thomas Wittig shared his format under the Copyright of Prof. only played within 3 to 5 latency books. Close book ': ' Can be and Go books in Facebook Analytics with the error of many experiences. 353146195169779 ': ' be the imaging place to one or more IM survivors in a mode, disabling on the development's customer in that three-row. The public exception item you'll fill per number for your plan Comparison. The catalog of representations your review occurred for at least 3 reps, or for not its numeric moment if it is shorter than 3 products.
ISEC - Integrated STEM Education Conference received their book I. FacebookfacebookJindal Institute of Behavioural Sciences takes on Facebook. be InorJoinJindal Institute of Behavioural Sciences provides on Facebook. triple minimum knowledge in your catalog?
Members of the class of 1903 wrote a 'Round Robin' letter to each other for almost fifty years. The letters reproduced here were written between the years of 1919 and 1938. They document suffrage, war, the depression, family life and more.
This website has been selected by the Scout Report. The Scout Report is a weekly publication offering a selection of new and newly discovered Internet resources of interest to researchers and educators. Click to learn more.
Following the discovery of a new form of space travel as well as Meg's father's disappearance, she, her brother, and her friend must join three magical beings - Mrs. Whatsit, Mrs. Who, and Mrs. Which - to travel across the universe to rescue him from a terrible evil.
February 21, 2012 February 23, 2012 Maverick Staff 0 Comments 2012 oscars, act of valor, all things fall apart, another earth, gone, good deeds, killer elite, Star Wars: Episode I - The Phantom Menace 3D, wanderlust, will smith
Episode seventy-eight. Join hosts Jason and Trevor as they discuss the past box office weekend of February 17-19, 2012. We give our predictions for opening weekend of Act of Valor, Gone, Good Deeds, Wanderlust. We talk Will Smith sequels in the works, some felty presenters at the Oscars plus our reviews for Star War Ep 1 in 3D, Another Earth, Killer Elite, All Things Fall Apart and much much more.
Please rate and review us in iTunes, Stitcher, or whatever you use to subscribe and listen with. We need your support and help in getting the word out about this great movie podcast - thanks to all our fans!
The use of plants and herbs in medicine is the most ancient form of health care known to humankind.�Extensive scientific documentation now exists concerning their use for health conditions including menstrual and menopausal syndromes, digestive disorders, heart and lung disease, neurologic problems, HIV and even cancer.
Approximately 25% of all prescription drugs are made from trees, shrubs, or herbs.�Some are made from plant extracts while others are synthesized to mimic a natural plant compound.�However, 'herbal medicine' uses plants in their natural form (containing all the naturally occurring chemicals that have biological activity).�Their effects are slower and less dramatic than purified drugs but they have fewer side effects and are generally safer.
Caution should always be exercised when selecting herbs for treatment as their quality can vary and some imported herbs are contaminated with toxic substances. Therefore, it is important to consult with experienced and knowledgeable professionals when seeking herbal remedies for medical problems.
The department of Public Health undertakes the training of student’s pursuing their Master of Public Health (M.P.H) degree. Public health is the science of protecting and improving the health of people and their communities. This work is achieved by promoting healthy lifestyles, researching disease and injury prevention, and detecting, preventing and responding to communicable and non-communicable diseases. MPH is a multi-disciplinary professional degree awarded for studies in areas related to public health. Being a public health professional enables you to work around the world, address health problems of communities as a whole, and influence policies that affect the health of societies.
Department of Public Health was established in the year 2013 as a constituent department under K S Hegde Medical Academy. The department is comprised of dynamic public health professionals having diversified experiences with UN agencies like UNICEF, WHO, State and federal health systems and third sector as faculties. Department is offering a two years full time Master of Public Health (MPH) program which provides teaching, research and hands-on experience that prepare students, health science practitioners and researchers to develop and apply public health interventions for their fellow citizens. The program provides students with a strong foundation in epidemiology and biostatistics complimented by research methodology, health policy, health systems management and behavioural sciences.
MPH programme is spread over four semesters including four months field research (dissertation) and two months of internship in a health and development agencies recognised by the university. Through a well-integrated field oriented program guided by experienced faculty, students receive instruction in Biostatistics, Epidemiology, Environmental & Occupational Health, Public Health Nutrition, Social & Behavioural Sciences, Health Promotion, Health Informatics, Health System Planning & Management, Project Management, Health Economics etc. In compliance with the University Grants Commission, Department is currently considering to impart MPH programme under choice based credit system.
Master of Public Health (MPH) programme enables students for a dynamic and challenging career opportunities in health and development sectors as public health consultants, epidemiologists, managers, research officers, analysts, or director in government or non-governmental organizations, UN agencies like World Health Organizations, UNICEF, UNDP, FAO etc., pharmaceutical and corporate companies, where over a quarter of million job opportunities are expected over the next decade.
School Tobacco Control Programme associated with Department of District Health and Family Welfare - Dr.Jagannath P
“Behavioural risk assessment of STI among migratory Siddhi tribe in Udupi District” - Mr.Mackwin D’mello, Dr.Sudeep Kumar, Dr.Sanjeev Badiger.
“Global Information System and Ovitrap assisted mapping of vector breeding and early warning signs of Vector Borne diseases in Attur, Kemral, Mangaluru” - Ms.Priyanka Rent, Mr.Mackwin Dmello, Dr.Sudeep Kumar
“Nitte Mother and Child Project” - Dr. Mohan Hegde, Dr.Sudeep Kumar, Mr.Mackwin Dmello, Dr.Jagannath P, Ms.Priyanka Rent
“Depression, Anxiety and Psychological stress among Cancer patients on treatment in Nepal” - Ms.Samita Maharjan, Dr.Jagannath P
“Utilization pattern and out of pocket expenditure on maternal health services in public hospital, Mangalore” - Ms.SharalTellis, Ms.Priyanka Rent
Department has developed an app to track the utilization of healthcare services by pregnant women and their children in Nitte village.
Memorandum of Understanding with University of Minnesota, USA for research faculty and student exchange in 2016
Free forum | Society and Culture | Misc | © phpBB | Free forum support | Contact | Report an abuse | Create your own blog
7:30am – All horses are fed, hayed and mucked out. Stabled animals enjoy rubber matting with a thick bed of shavings or straw on top.
Liege Manor takes responsibility for shoeing, worming, annual and bi-annual vaccinations, dental care, back checks, and any necessary veterinary visits. Tack is cleaned and checked for safety weekly. Tack and rug maintenance is also catered for.
Horses/ponies on the Full Working Livery Package will receive all the benefits of a Full Livery and will need to work between 8 and 16 hours per week in the school to qualify for reduced rate.
Loose housed horses and ponies live in small individual herds within the unit in the Winter months. During the Summer months, they live primarily in the field.
Stalls are available for grooming, pampering and tacking up. All stalls are fully rubber matted and have automatic water drinkers.
Part Working Livery is a specialist package designed for horses and ponies who work less than 8hrs per week. They will receive all benefits of a Full Livery and they will also be available for:
*Please Note that any horse wishing to come here on Working Livery will be required to come first on Full Livery in order to allow staff & Instructors to assess suitability.
In order for any horse/pony to be integrated into our loose-housing complex, we will need to apply structure for safety reasons. If, for any reason, the horse/pony does not mix with the other horses & ponies, we may decide that Stabling is the only option.
Morrisessex.net has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All content provided by Third Party.
BLUE is having its moment. Light, clear, deep … all kinds – spotted in many Resort 2014 collections (clothes, backgrounds), on the streets, recent editorials (clothes and backgrounds) and in the previous post, as well.
At one point it seemed that a whole blog is having a new color theme, hence the black & white and sunny tones interventions.
I have almost no idea which is my RESORT for this year holiday and yet fashion is ready for the Resort, even the Cruise of 2014.
I couldn’t say NO to such readiness so I’ve clicked them all, I think. Partly ’cause I wanted to see what are the next spring/summer tendencies and partly to procrastinate the duty of moving-out packing.
and see them all. That should probably keep you busy for a half of weekend but who would want that : )
AN EPIC HISTORICAL QUEST SET AT THE DAWN OF THE AGE OF GUNPOWDER. In the world after 1066, vast empires clamor for dominance. From the Normans in the north to the Byzantines in the south, battles rage across Europe and around its fringes. But in the east, an empire still mightier stirs, wielding a weapon to rule the world: gunpowder. Seeking the destructive might of this 'fire drug,' the mercenary Vallon -- a man made of grit and earth as much as of flesh and blood -- is sent by the defeated Byzantine emperor on a secret and near-impossible quest to the far off land of Song Dynasty China. Alongside a squadron of highly trained soldiers, Vallon is accompanied by the learned physician Hero, hermit-like tracker Wayland and a young, ego-driven upstart named Lucas. All have their own reasons for going, all have secrets. It's a quest that will lead them across treacherous seas and arid desserts and into an uncharted land of mountains and plains beyond the Silk Road. Many will die...but the rewards could be extraordinary.
The year is 1072. The Normans have captured England. The Turks have captured a Norman knight. And in order to free him, a soldier named Vallon must capture four rare hawks. On a heart-stopping journey to the far ends of the earth, braving Arctic seas, Viking warlords, and the blood-drenched battlefields, Vallon and his comrades must track down their quarry one by one in a relentless race against time. The scale is huge. The journey is incredible. The history is real. This is Hawk Quest.
Tip: Daily Production. In 2017, the government will print roughly 19 million notes a day, totaling about $209 billion in value for the year. More than 90% of the newly minted notes will replace notes already in our circulation.
The average $20 bill is in circulation for 7.9 years, according to a report by the Federal Reserve. That’s better than the $10 bill, which has a life span of only 4.5 years, but worse than the $100 bill, which is in circulation for 15 years.¹
Here’s a quick look at what goes into creating a $20 bill and what determines when a bill’s lifespan ends.
A $20 bill starts out life as part of a big, blank sheet of paper — but not just any paper. While most paper is made primarily from wood pulp, the paper used by the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing doesn’t contain any wood at all. Currency paper is composed of a special blend of 75% cotton and 25% linen. It’s made with special watermarks and has tiny blue and red fibers embedded in it along with a special security thread.²,³
Each blank sheet is tracked from the time it leaves the mill until it is printed, and the entire shipment is continuously reconciled to make certain all are accounted for.⁴
Fast Fact: Lots of Folding. It takes about 4,000 double folds — first forward and then backward — before a $20 bill will start to tear.
Background images and colors are printed — both sides at once — using offset presses that are over 50 feet long and weigh over 70 tons. After drying for 72 hours, the portraits, vignettes, scrollwork, numerals, and letters are printed on the back using Intaglio presses that are a mere 40 feet long and weigh only 50 tons. After drying for another 72 hours — in special guarded cages — more portraits, vignettes, scrollwork, numerals, and letters are printed on the front using the Intaglio presses. Finally, the serial numbers, Federal Reserve seal, Treasury Department seal, and Federal Reserve identification numbers are printed using a letter press.⁵
Once dry, these printed sheets are gathered in stacks of 100 to be cut by a specially designed guillotine cutter. Each new stack of 100 $20 bills is wrapped with a special paper band. Ten of these 100-note stacks are gathered, machine counted, and shrink-wrapped into a bundle. Then four of these shrink-wrapped bundles are collated together, given a special bar-code label, and shrink-wrapped again to create a brick of 4,000 bills, worth $80,000.⁶
The Treasury Department ships these newly printed $20 bills to the Federal Reserve Banks, who in turn pay them out to banks and savings and loans—primarily in exchange for old, worn-out bills. The new bills are handed out to customers of these institutions as they withdraw cash, either through tellers or through automated teller machines.⁷
An average $20 bill will change hands often, but even the U.S. Bureau of Engraving and Printing isn’t sure how many times a bill will move from one pocket to the next. Contrary to popular belief, the government doesn’t have any way to track individual bills.
There is a polyester security thread embedded in the paper that runs vertically up one side of each bill. If you look closely, the initials USA TWENTY along with the bill’s denomination and a small flag are visible along the thread from both sides of the bill. This thread makes currency more difficult to counterfeit, but cannot be tracked electronically.⁸
Banks gather worn out and damaged currency, sending it to the Federal Reserve in exchange for new bills. The Federal Reserve then sorts through these bills to determine which are still usable and which are not. Those bills deemed usable are stored until they can go out again through the commercial banking system. Those deemed no longer usable are cut into confetti-like shreds. Most are then disposed of; a small portion is sold in five-pound bags through the Treasury’s website.⁹
The content is developed from sources believed to be providing accurate information. The information in this material is not intended as tax or legal advice. It may not be used for the purpose of avoiding any federal tax penalties. Please consult legal or tax professionals for specific information regarding your individual situation. This material was developed and produced by FMG Suite to provide information on a topic that may be of interest. FMG Suite is not affiliated with the named broker-dealer, state- or SEC-registered investment advisory firm. The opinions expressed and material provided are for general information, and should not be considered a solicitation for the purchase or sale of any security. Copyright 2018 FMG Suite.
Investment advice offered through Strategic Wealth Advisors Group, LLC, an SEC Registered Investment Advisor. Strategic Wealth Advisors Group, LLC and Equity Development Corporation are separate entities from LPL Financial.