I was also a student of BEHS 1 , Taunggyi in 1999-2000. That time, there got very few boy in our class A ( i think only 13 boys ). And our class teacher was Daw Mya Aye.
i m also from BEHS -1 , 2000-2001 , there were also only 13 boys in our class, our class teacher was Daw Ye Ye Myint. U Tin Thein (headmaster) retired in 2000. I think U Nyo Lone was there from 2001-2002 school year. He decorateed the school buildings. Although they looks new but i miss the old one very much , i think the new one was not so familiar with us, (just my feeling)..
This article is interesting and useful. And let me share an article about health which insha Allah will be very useful if we use it again for others.
In a memorandum written to Central Minister of state for Agriculture Krishna Raj, Pashu Chikitsa Mahasangh the national body of Vets has appealed for the use of combined FMD-HS vaccination. Memorandum signed and personally handed over by the Pashu Chikitsa Mahasangh President Dr. Chirantan Kadyan, cites several studies from India and abroad in support of their appeal.
In India all Livestock population is vaccinated twice a year for HS and FMD i.e. 4 times a year and there are two types of vaccine available.
Combined Vaccine has an immunity of one year and instead of 4 pricks a year only one injection is sufficient thereby reducing the pain inflicted to the animals.
Increase in Milk production: – Every time an animal is vaccinated, due to fever loss of milk production is reported to the tune of 1.5 to litre/milking totalling to 4 Kg per day and about 15-20 litre in one phase and about 60-80 litres per lactation per animal. Only one injection will reduce it to only 15-20 litres thereby saving 45-60 litres per lactation.
Cost Effective:– A single dose of HS Vaccine costs Rs. 2.25/ dose and 2 doses per year costs Rs. 4.50 and a single dose of FMD costs Rs. 6.50 and 2 doses costs Rs. 13.00 totalling to Rs. 17.50 whereas single dose costs only Rs. 9.50/ dose. So a total saving of Rs. 8 per dose would save Govt., crores of rupees. A further indirect saving of Rs 15 per animal can be assumed if one takes into consideration a saving of three syringes which would have been otherwise consumed.
Effective use of Human Resource Component: A single vaccination will relieve the pressure on veterinarians involved in vaccination resulting in their efficacious use in providing veterinary services. Also crores of rupees spent on their travelling allowance will also be saved.
Now the ball is in the government’s court and further response from the government is remain to be seen. Full marks and Kudos to Pashu Chikitsa Mahasangh and Dr. Chirantan Kadyan for bringing out such a topic for National debate and implementation which has a far reaching consequences. In conversation with Pashu Sandesh Dr. Kadyan elaborated that Pashu Chikitsa Mahasangh will continue to bring forward matters of the interest of Farmers and Veterinarians in to the notice of Government and would also like to be part of any such policy making in this regard.
A single change in policy has the potential for tremendous saving of revenue which can then be utilized for further benefit of the farmers. After all money saved is money earned.
Posted by bbeanskitchen on Nov 15, 2017 in Valentine's Day, pink lemonade, cranberries, recipes | 0 comments
The cranberry is one of three fruits native to North America that is commercially grown (along with blueberry and concord grape). It is a wetland fruit that grows on vines in bogs and is a perennial plant, meaning growers do not need to replant each year. A healthy cranberry plant that is taken care of can grow for a very long time. Some cranberry vines in Cape Cod are over 150 years old! How do we know they are ready for harvest? Because they bounce on the ground when ripe! Hence the name, “the bouncing fruit.”
As long as 450 years ago, Native Americans used cranberries for dye, food, and medicine. With cranberries harvested in mid-September to early-November, it has long made its appearance as a staple on Thanksgiving dinner tables. We often see cranberries as a sauce, relish, jam, dried (craisins) and as a juice or spritzer.
Cranberries are a very good source of Vitamin C, which supports our immune system to keep us healthy during cold and flu season. But it is the whole range of phytonutrients (plant-based nutrients) in the cranberry that make them so healthy. All of the antioxidants and vitamins together give the cranberry its anti-inflammatory effects (reduces swelling), cardiovascular support (healthy heart and lungs) and more.
Aviator is a striking template with full-bleed images that present an incredible visual experience to the visitor.
Aviator is perfect for a number of different use cases including, but not limited to: portfolios, restaurants, architecture, and fashion.
You can have an amazing website up and running just by filling out some information in your site settings and choosing a background image. Just go to Site Settings > Site and fill in your tagline, site description, phone number, address and email. This is what appears in the content area of your info page. Connect your social accounts, and links will show up as well.
You can also rename this page and URL, or set any other page as your info page—it doesn't have to be your home page.
In addition, you can choose to use a Freeform Text area on the Info Page, which you can drag any Squarespace blocks into to add your content. Style Editor > Options > Freeform Text on Info Page.
You can set two different background images in the Style Editor just by uploading a file. Info Page Background Image will appear on your Info Page and Background Image will appear on all other pages. You can also delete the existing files and set a Background Color.
You can choose which elements of your contact info show on the pages other than your Info Page. This is found in the Style Editor under Options > Tagline and Contact Info.
If an image or video block is the first block in a blog post, it will be "promoted" and appear at full-width. Images and videos lower in your post will appear normal.
This fast popper maximizes production. The Macho Pop is the best value in midsize poppers. This is a back counter model and it is not oil ready. WILL NOT SHIP FED EX. Call for LTL pallet rates.
Features the famous Gold Medal stainless steel E-Z Kleen kettle. No chrome plating to wear out. The Big Eye electronic heat control is the reason nearly all the big operators are switching to Gold Medal. This economically priced unit uses strip heaters to keep the corn on display warm. Not wired for a popping oil dispensing system. Ideal if you need a lot of popcorn in a great looking machine. WILL NOT SHIP FED EX. Call for LTL pallet rates.
This fast popper maximizes production. The Macho Pop is the best value in midsize poppers. This is a front counter model and it is not oil ready. WILL NOT SHIP FED EX. Call for LTL pallet rates.
This is a great way to maximize popcorn sales at high traffic mass retail locations. Pictured with stainless steel base #2130SS (base sold separately). WILL NOT SHIP FED EX. Call for LTL pallet rates.
This is known as the world's most deluxe 16/18 oz. kettle popper. With the E-Z kleen stainless steel kettle and stainless steel kettle shell, this unit should last a lifetime! Features the Big Eye electronic heat control, forced hot air corn freshener system, and pre-wired for push button popping oil dispensing system. WILL NOT SHIP FED EX. Call for LTL pallet rates.
User-friendly. "Bottom Line" oriented is what the Pop and Self-Serve Combo 16 oz. kettle machine really is. This machine uses the very successful Astro 16 kettle. 36" (91 cm) wide cabinet is divided in half. The reversible illuminated sign helps attract attention. The single self-closing door on the customer side allows people to serve themselves and be shielded completely from the hot kettle. The illuminated dome is reversible. WILL NOT SHIP FED EX. Call for LTL pallet rates.
Just like any other meetings, things get tied down and some new question raised. The race and adoption plans are made ready, with various National Parks people coming for the meeting with a few of us from SACA, so to come up with a plan. Indeed some papers and clarifications are needed here and there. ...
With the roadies’s bridge incomplete, Chew, KeeMeng, Justin and Nik pop by for a full days work to get it completed. Timberman KeeMeng and Knotting Justin get the work done with Chew putting in his bit on sitting and securing the bridge. the completed Roadie’s bridge is one nice piece of work, totally blending into ...
the day started late We are toying with GPS to map the area, ran into technical, ran into battery problem, not your usual double A battery stuff. Justin pop by to help out. We work our way to the first crossing, objective is to build a bridge from existing material around the trail, fallen logs, ...
A full recce day. Jaymes (Sporting Spectrum), Max, Liyana (National Parks Board) and me join 3 of the park workforce in a recce trip up the ‘Moss Hill’. This is certainly the highest place this trail will ever reach. we got to the ‘summit’, and I went all the way down to the drain, walk ...
One of the first touchbase meeting with Nparks officials. Max, Ling and me represent the cycling end of the deal and we go through the plans, a surprising think 30pages proposal to Nparks. We got to thanks those who work that document in 2 days.
another recce day. The second one to check on how feasible a MTB trail can be made. Alvin, Max, Moneru and me take a hike and trek around, checking the area for trail lining, erosion, flora and water bogs. Is interesting to walk in this very part of Singapore, unreal. Kent Ridge Park being a ...
Deep inside the rarely walk area of Kent Ridge Park, is the whole North Shore like wooded area, with widely planted trees, certainly a secondary jungle. Max and me took the chance to walk the park with Alvin from Nparks, for a site recce on possibility of getting a riding trail up. The place is ...
2 weeks ago Hero dirt and awesome post typhoon weather. Trails perfect for some traffic. More session for the afternoon. #dirtraction #trails #vietnam #mountainbiking
3 weeks ago Perfect 20c breezy weather to do a quick rolling assessment on this 'older' section of the park. It's 7yrs since @tonyboonetrails and I put down flags at this junction and some 4 years since we start diggin' here with @mountainbikeryeti . The trail remains interesting everytime we roll it! #dirtraction #trails #mountainbiking #hongkong #imbatrailsolutions
4 weeks ago Awesome black section awaiting some very minor tweak at the remote end of the reservoir. So glad to be playing with natural rocks again. #dirtraction #trails #mountainbiking #hongkong
4 weeks ago Be a caveman. Let's place a turn under that boulder. This is the season for some black technical uphill. #dirtraction #trails #hongkong #mountainbiking
2 months ago Love the smell of fresh mist in the morning. #dirtraction #trails #mountainbiking #vietnam
2 months ago Hero dirt with some old clanker. This excavator definitely seen some decades of action. Let's hope the challenges ahead doesn't kill it. #dirtraction #trails #mountainbiking #vietnam
3 months ago No purple haze just cobweb and icicle in the morning. It's a great start for this new #mountainbiking destination. #dirtraction
3 months ago You know you are hungry when you accept an offer to eat off the land. #dirtraction #mountainbiking #trails
Arp 78, also known as NGC 772, was originally listed in Halton Arp’s Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies because of its possible interaction with nearby high redshift companions via its extensive and diffuse spiral arms. Its redshift is listed in NED as z = 0.008246. This places the galaxy at a distance of 115 million light years using a so-called Hubble Constant value of 70 (km/s)/Mpc.
The image on the right is from the University of Arizona’s Mt. Lemmon SkyCenter. It has been rotated and cropped to match the orientation of the original image used by Dr. Arp in his atlas. The bright object on the right is the likely true companion NGC 770. In a straight line above NGC 770 are two small yellow objects which are the high redshift companions in question. In addition to their distinct color compared to NGC 772 and NGC 770, their size and morphology indicate that they are most likely not companions after all but distant background galaxies.
Modern observations may have clarified two possible redshift discordancies in NGC 772 but they have also revealed a new and more compelling one! In the late 1980’s a quasar labeled [HB89] 0156+187 was discovered near the galactic core of NGC 772. The exact location of this quasar along with two observed supernovae is shown in the image below generated using the free Aladin interactive sky atlas software. The light green square marks the QSO.
Close examination of even the highest resolution images available reveal little more than bright knots of gas and stars in this inner most region of the galaxy’s spiral arms. It is difficult to believe that any background object could be visible through the density of stellar material present in this location near the center of the galaxy. Yet continued spectral analysis of [HB89] 0156+187 into the early 21st century indicates a redshift of z = 2.61 which would supposedly place it far behind NGC 772 at a distance of well over 11 billion light years!
Obviously, as with most of the examples I have posted to this site, there is a need for higher resolution observations and closer examination of the objects presented. If it were not for the extremely high redshift of [HB89] 0156+187 it would be easy to assume by most scientists that the object was located either within or in front of the inner spiral arms of NGC 772, based on the data available today. Better observations may clarify the actual position of this quasar and place it in the background as in the case of the previously described companion objects observed by Arp. However, what will scientists do if better observations reveal that the quasar is indeed part of NGC 772? Will they finally be forced to reexamine the true nature of extragalactic redshifts and the validity of universal expansion? Either way it is important that research be continued and questions continue to be asked, regardless of whether or not we like the answers that result.
NGC 1232 is a wonderful example of a spiral galaxy with a companion at the end of one arm. It is also a wonderful example of obviously discordant redshifts that have either been covered up or are simply ignored by mainstream astronomy. NGC 1232 and its companion, NGC 1232A, were first listed as Arp 41 in Dr. Halton Arp’s Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies published by Caltech in 1966. They are also discussed in Dr. Arp’s book Quasars, Redshifts and Controversies (Interstellar Media, 1987) and are mentioned in several papers published by him in The Astrophysical Journal. The following image is from the European Southern Observatory’s (ESO) 1.5m Danish telescope in Chile. I have cropped the original image in order to fit it on this page but it is otherwise unaltered.
From the color and morphology of NGC 1232A alone it is very apparent that it is a part of its parent galaxy NGC 1232. But if one traces the spiral arm to which NGC 1232A appears faintly connected back to the core of NGC 1232 a great disturbance and split in the arm is clearly visible. Perhaps, as Dr. Arp suggests, this is the path taken by the companion object after it was ejected from the core of the parent galaxy? Regardless of how the companion object reached its current location, I noticed during my research that its existence is either entirely ignored in the scientific literature describing NGC 1232 or it is described as being at the same or similar distance as NGC 1232. However a quick look at the NASA/IPAC Extragalactic Database (NED) reveals that not only does the companion object exist, based on its listed redshift it is supposedly located much, much further away.
According to its listing on NED the redshift of NGC 1232 is 0.005347 z which places it at a supposed distance of approximately 95 million light years from Earth using a so-called Hubble Constant value of 55 (km/s)/Mpc. However, NED lists the redshift of NGC 1232A as 0.022012 z which supposedly places the companion object at a much greater distance of approximately 390 million light years from Earth using a so-called Hubble Constant value of 55 (km/s)/Mpc. It is no surprise then that these numbers have been suppressed by the scientific community. Otherwise astronomers and cosmologist would have to face the fact that extragalactic redshifts do not represent distance or expansion of the universe for that matter. And if that were true where would that leave the Big Bang Theory and their jobs?
Another interesting feature of NGC 1232 is a small but bright object that appears right next to the aforementioned split and disturbance in the spiral arm leading out to NGC 1232A. Dr. Arp measured the redshift of this object at 28,000 km/s or 0.0934 z which places it at an astonishing 1.63 billion light years from Earth! It has been argued that this object is a distant background galaxy shining through NGC 1232 but there is no possible way a background object’s light could make it through the stars and dust of a galaxy’s spiral arm. Dr. Arp explains in his book Quasars, Redshifts and Controversies that even if a background object were to show through a thin area of a spiral arm its color would be deeply reddened.
There are several examples of this reddening effect visible between the arms of NGC 1232. The image on the left is a vertical slice of a larger ESO photograph showing a couple of these examples. In this image the bright high redshift object is at the top, embedded or even possibly slightly in front of the disturbed spiral arm of NGC 1232. In the middle of the image slice is a small spiral shaped object just showing through the end of a gap between the disturbed spiral arm and another large arm to the right. Notice how red the object is compared to the one at the top. Toward the bottom of the image slice is another object of the same size and morphology peeking through the edge of a small band of stars and dust between the base of the arm on the right and another arm just out of view at the very bottom of the image. This object is also the same red color as the object in the middle and both look nothing like the object at the top which is actually quite blue in comparison.
So once again we have a clear and unmistakable example of visibly associated objects that display greatly discordant redshifts thereby negating redshifts as a measure of distance and universal expansion. And yet once again the observations are completely ignored and once again I find it my duty to bring them out into the light for all to see. Eventually if enough observations are revealed their existence will no longer be able to be ignored and their implications will finally have to be faced and discussed. So as always I will keep posting to this site and thanking you for reading and encouraging everyone to pursue their own observations and to share any interesting ones!
UGC 892 and its companion 2MASXI J0121174-003312 were first listed as Arp 67 in Dr. Halton Arp’s Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies published by Caltech in 1966. Unbelievably, the best image I can find today is still the same photograph used by Dr. Arp that was taken by the Palomar Observatory’s famous 200-inch Hale telescope back in 1966, as shown on the left. I cropped the original image a little to fit it on the page but otherwise it is unaltered. The reason I use the term “unbelievably” is that once again I find that decades have passed and I’m expected to believe that no large modern telescope has bothered to make another observation of what is potentially yet another example of discordant redshifts between two possibly connected objects.
This somewhat grainy image shows what appears to be a small companion object just southwest of the primary galaxy UGC 892. The smaller object, 2MASXI J0121174-003312, appears to be disrupting the darker of the two main arms of the larger galaxy making it seem to appear connected to the larger galaxy. Of course the problem with this is that the objects’ redshifts indicate that they are supposedly at great distances from each other and therefore the smaller object could not possibly be affecting the larger one. UGC 892’s redshift of 0.0175 z as listed on NED places it at a supposed distance of approximately 310 million light years from Earth using a so-called Hubble Constant value of 55 (km/s)/Mpc. The redshift of 2MASXI J0121174-003312 is listed on NED as 0.055 z which places it at supposedly three times the distance at approximately 967 million light years from Earth also using a so-called Hubble Constant value of 55 (km/s)/Mpc.
One would think that such a discrepancy would garner a closer look by one of the several larger telescopes that have been built since the Hale in the past sixty years. Yet the only other observations I could find of Arp 67 were even lower resolution images produced by one-meter range telescopes such as the UK Schmidt and the retired 50-inch telescope at Kitt Peak including a set of infrared images produced by the Two Micron All-Sky Survey (2MASS) over a decade ago and listed under the name 2MASX J01211663-0032402. A composite of the three infrared waveband images taken by 2MASS is show on the right.
Even in this fuzzy image and in the others mentioned a tenuous connection between the parent and companion objects is visible. Hopefully one day more higher resolution images of these objects will be made available from the powerful telescopes at our disposal and a literally more clearer picture of the situation will emerge even if it does conflict with current cosmological theories. As usual I will continue to pursue new data and report any new findings as they are published. And as always, I encourage all visitors to this site to pursue their own observations and feel free to contribute to those posted here or even submit new ones.
Another “lesser known” example of discordant redshifts from the southern hemisphere is AM 2052-221 which is also listed in Dr. Halton Arp’s and Barry Madore’s A Catalogue of Southern Peculiar Galaxies and Associations (Cambridge University Press, 1987). It is also listed as AM 2054-2210 in Dr. Arp’s book Quasars, Redshifts and Controversies (Interstellar Media, 1987) and his articles published in Volume 236 and Volume 239 of the The Astrophysical Journal in 1980 and in a 1981 supplement. Again, as with NGC 1347, the best image I could find for this pair of objects is a photograph taken with the 48-inch UK Schmidt Telescope in New South Wales, Australia sometime in the 1970’s. I have cropped the original image a bit in order to fit it on this page but it is otherwise unaltered.
As with many of the Schmidt Telescope photographs of the time the image quality is somewhat grainy. However, it can be clearly seen that the smaller of the two objects is trailing a stream of material that curves back toward the larger object possibly connecting to it within the diffused arm on the larger object’s north side. But this begs the same question as with NGC 1347. If they are physically connected how can their measured redshifts be so incredibly discordant? NED lists the redshift of the larger galaxy at 0.034377 z which would place its distance at over 595 million light-years from Earth using a so-called Hubble Constant value of 55 (km/s)/Mpc. The smaller object is listed as having a redshift of 0.156215 z. This indicates a supposed distance of almost 2.488 billion light-years from Earth. This is over 4 times the distance of the larger object!
Because of the poor quality of the photographs available today one could argue that there is no clear connection between AM 2052-221 and its companion object. But if there is a connection, the implications in regards to the assumed meaning of extragalactic redshifts and their supposed relationship to the Big Bang Theory is so great that one would think that better observations would have been made by now. Yet, as with NGC 1347, the best image I could find came from observations made over thirty years ago from a telescope less than a quarter of the size of those available today. Once again I was unable to find any images of from any modern large telescope that covers the southern hemisphere including the SALT, the Gemini South or even the HST. In the little time I have had to research procuring observational data from some of the world’s largest telescopes I have learned that it is an extremely tedious and arduous process that is obviously not geared toward the casual astronomer. However I will continue to pursue new data and I will report any new findings. I still believe the powerful optics of these telescopes could one day help finally bring to light the true connection between extragalactic objects and the true meaning of their discordant redshifts.
And as always, I encourage all visitors to this site to pursue their own observations and feel free to contribute to those posted here or even submit new ones.
The following is a “lesser known” example of discordant redshifts from the southern hemisphere that is known by many names. NGC 1347 was first listed as Arp 39 in Dr. Halton Arp’s Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies published by Caltech in 1966. It is listed in his and Barry Madore’s A Catalogue of Southern Peculiar Galaxies and Associations (Cambridge University Press, 1987) as AM 0327-222. But it is also listed as AM 0328-222 in Dr. Arp’s book Quasars, Redshifts and Controversies (Interstellar Media, 1987) and his article published in Volume 263 of the The Astrophysical Journal in 1982. The following is the best image I could find for this pair of objects. It is a photograph taken with the 48-inch UK Schmidt Telescope in New South Wales, Australia sometime in the 1970’s. I have cropped the original image a bit in order to fit it on this page but it is otherwise unaltered.
Although the photograph is somewhat grainy it is quite apparent that there is a smaller galaxy immediately adjacent to the main galaxy at its southern end. It also appears quite possible that these two objects are physically connected. However, if they are physically connected then how to account for their vastly discordant redshifts? The redshift of the larger galaxy at 0.00587 z would place its distance at approximately 104 million light-years from Earth using a so-called Hubble Constant value of 55 (km/s)/Mpc. And although NED does not list a redshift value for the smaller object, Dr. Arp measured it to be over 0.068 z which would indicate a supposed distance of over 1.15 billion light-years from Earth. This is over 11 times the distance of the larger object. A physical connection notwithstanding, if the smaller galaxy were to be viewed at the same distance as the larger galaxy it would appear over 3 times the size of the larger galaxy. This would make it the largest galaxy ever observed for its type in the known Universe! Obviously these measurements highlight some serious discreprencies and further observations of these objects need to be made.
The mission of the Discordancy Report is to show examples of redshift discordancies and present an opportunity to critically analyze the observations while also nurturing an interest to perform further observations. NGC 1347 is a perfect example of an object that clearly questions the assumption that extragalactic redshifts are indicative of distance and the result of the expansion of the Universe since the “Big Bang”. Yet, the best image I could find came from observations made over thirty years ago from a telescope less than a quarter of the size of those available today. I was unable to find any images of NGC 1347 from any modern large telescope that covers the southern hemisphere including the SALT, the Gemini South or even the HST. I will continue to pursue observational data from these and other large telescopes as their powerful optics could one day help finally bring to light the true connection between extragalactic objects and the true meaning of their discordant redshifts.
I encourage all visitors to this site to pursue their own observations and please feel free to contribute to the ones I present here and even submit your own.
The Boss Web Chair is Upholstered with a Unique "Web" Mesh Material which Allows Air to Pass Through, Adding to Long-Term Comfort by Preventing Body Heat and Moisture Build-Up.
The "Web" Back Distributes Weight Evenly, and Provides the Perfect Level of Support by Conforming to Each Individual's Back Shape.
Patented "Web Tension Knob" (located underneath the seat) Allows the User to Tighten or Loosen the Tension of the Mesh Material with a Few Simple Twists. This is a Unique Feature you will find Only on the Boss Web Chair.
The ONE series chair is protected by an all inclusive LIFETIME Warranty. All other series are covered by a Ten Year Warranty.
@TheOffice chairs are warranted against manufacturing defects in material and workmanship for 10 years from teh original date of purchase with the exceptions of upholstery materials. Upholstery materials and foam for all chairs are warranted against unusual wear or deterioration for twenty-four months.The One Series is warranted for LIFE with the exception of upholstery as stated.
The warranty obligation is limted to the replacement or repair, at theOffice's option, of defective parts and components. The warranty of this product is null and void if the product is subject to abuse, misuse, modification or accident. The warranty is only applied to the original purchaser of the product and will not be honored if the product is resold. All warranties are for normal usage defined as a forty-hour workweek by persons weighing two hundred fifty pounds or less.
Should any component be found to be defective under normal single shift usage (eight hours a day by users not in excess of 250 pounds), unless otherwise specified that component will be replaced free of charge. In order to get the replacement part, please return the product or part to the dealer from whom it was purchased. The dealer will send the defective part to @theOffice, freight prepaid. at theOffice will repair or replace the defective parts and return it to the dealer, freight prepaid. Customers will be responsible for maintenance of this product including assembly, cleaning, and making sure all hardware is securely fastened.
Except as otherwise provided within this Limited Warranty, United Stationers Supply Co. promises to repair or replace any Alera and other USSCo branded furniture products, component or part that is found by USSCo to be defective in material or workmanship withing 5 years from the date of original purchase so long as you, the original purchaser, still owns it. This is your sole and exclusive remedy. This warranty is subject to the provisions below. It applies to product manufactured after May 29, 2005, for products sold within the United States of America and the Commonwealth of Canada.
Damage caused by the carrier in-transit is handled under separate terms as defined by the carrier. Fabric, vinyl and/or leather is warranted for 2 years from the date of original purchase of the chair by the original owner of Alera product in question.
Normal wear and tear, which are to be expected over the course of ownership.Modifications or attachments to the product that are n ot approved by USSCo.Products that were not installed, used or routinely and properly maintained in accordance with product instructions and warnings.Products used for rental purposes.
Color variations in fabrics and finishes: USSCo does not warrant the color-fastness or matching of colors, grains or textures of covering materials.
Notice to Purchasers for home or personal use: Federal law does not permit the exclusion of certain implied warranties for consumer products. Therefore, if you are purchasing this product for home or personal use, the exclusion of implied warranties noted in the above paragraph does not apply to you. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you. This warranty gices you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state.
To obtain service under this warranty: Your Alera Reseller will work with USSCo in supporting your warranty requests. Please note: Consent of USSCo must be obtained before any warranty work is performed. To obtain consent and to ensure the best level of customer service, please take the following steps:
1. If a defect is discovered, please contact the Reseller from whom the product was purchased within 30 days from the date of discovery. The Reseller will require information about the product such as: the SKU number, serial number and/or registration number or date of manufacture from the product in question and/or any original transaction documents affirming that you are the original purchaser of this product.
2. Following your claim, your Reseller will conduct an inspection and review. During this time your Reseller or their appointed servicing agent will gather all pertinent information regarding the claim, inspect the product and contact a USSCo customer service representative. Please allow a resonable amount of time for these activities.
3. A customer service representative or another representative of USSCo will determine whether to provide replacement parts, authorize repairs or replace the product providing USSCo affirms that the product in question is eligible under the conditions of the warranty as stated above.
NORSTAR Office Products wants you to be happy with our products. When used and maintained properly, they will provide you with years of satisfaction.
NORSTAR chairs are warranted against manufacturing defects in material and workmanship for six years from the ORIGINIAL DATE OF RETAIL PURCHASE with the following exceptions: Upholstery materials, foam, gas cylinders, wood components, control mechanisms and electronic components. Upholstery materials and foam are warranted against unusual wear or deterioration and gas cylinders, wood components, and controls against structural failure or unusual wear for EIGHTEEN months. All electronic components for the massaging units have a 90-day warranty period.
The warranty obligation is limited to the replacement or repair, at NORSTAR OFFICE PRODUCTS’ option, of defective parts and components. The warranty of this product is null and void if the product is subject to negligence, abuse, misuse, modification, accident, or if the customer does not perform the necessary maintenance outlined below. The warranty is only applied to the original purchaser of the product and will not be honored if the product is resold. All warranties are for normal usage defined as a forty-hour workweek by persons weighing two hundred fifty pounds or less. Exceptions are the model B205 that is limited to one hundred fifty pounds. The B990, which is limited to three hundred fifty pounds and the B670 and B709 which are limited to three hundred pounds.
Should any component be found to be defective under normal single shift usage (eight hours a day), that component will be replaced free of charge. In order to get the replacement part, please return the product or part to the dealer from whom it was purchased. The dealer will send the defective part to the manufacturer, freight prepaid. The manufacturer will repair or replace the defective parts and return it to the dealer, freight prepaid. Customers must be responsible for the maintenance of this product including assembly, cleaning, and making sure all hardware is securely fastened.
This warranty applies only to the product; the manufacturer is not responsible in any way for loss, inconvenience or any other special or consequential damages caused by any product defect. This warranty is the only warranty applicable on all Norstar products. All other warranties, expressed or implied prior, are disclaimed.
Cherry Man warrants to the original purchaser, that products of Cherry Man will be free from defects in material and workmanship, given normal use and care for ten years of single shift service with the exception of upholsteries, which will carry a two years warranty.
Cherry Man will replace, correct or repair at our option any Cherry Man product which upon our inspection is declared defective in material or workmanship. This warranty does not cover: Damage caused by transportation company. The cost of transportation or labor except as noted. Color, grain or texture of wood and other covering materials due to natural variations over which Cherry Man has no control.
Cherry Man assumes no responsibility for improper assembly, modifications, attachments to a product, misuse, abuse, alteration and negligent use by the purchaser. Cherry Man shall not be liable for consequential or incidental damages arising from any product defect.
ERGO Office Seating warrants that this product will be free from defects in its material and workmanship, as described below, for as long as the original purchaser owns the product. The company will repair or replace, at its option, without charge to the original purchaser only, defective products or parts from normal use.
Lifetime Warranty which is the entire time owned by the original purchaser for all chair components including pneumatic cylinder, control mechanism, base, glides, casters, frames and other structural elements. Fabric Upholstery and Leather is warranted to the original purchaser for three years from date of purchase. This warranty shall be effective for the applicable time period starting from date of purchase as shown on your original receipt or other proof of purchase. This warranty is your sole remedy for product defects and excludes defects due to or arising in connection with product abuse or misuse, user modification of, or attachments to the product, including application of your own upholstery materials and products or parts not used, maintained or installed in accordance with the company’s installation, maintenance and/or applicable guidelines. Normal use consists of a standard 8 hour shift in a 5 day work week, and a 250 lbs weight capacity.
We will repair or, at our option, replace the defective part, free of charge to the purchaser, provided that the purchaser returns said parts freight prepaid to our offices. Labor and service are not covered under this warranty. There are no other warranties, expressed or implied, other than those specifically described, including without limitation any implied warranty or merchantability or of fitness for a particular purpose. We will not be responsible for incidental or consequential damages. Some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitations or exclusions may not apply to you. This warranty gives you specific legal rights and you may have other rights which vary from state to state.
Textiles are sold subject to minor variations of color. Since textiles vary in weave, thickness and memory, some creasing and/or gathering may occur during the upholstery application process. All furniture is sold subject to minor irregularities of color, surface, grain, and texture. Our leather upholstery materials are of the finest quality. Because leather is a natural product, variations of texture are common and should be expected. Leather will contain natural markings such as neck wrinkles, scratches, backbone marks and stretch marks. These distinctions give leather its unique characteristics and are considered to be a part of the natural beauty of leather.
In today's high-stakes marketplace and state-of-the-art technology, seating solutions must be available quickly and reliably. The following information applies to the Eurotech line:
Eurotech assures you of total customer satisfaction: Eurotech warrants to the original purchaser all components for the life of the product with the exception of upholstery and foam, which will be warranted for five years. Eurotech warrants to the original purchaser that all parts will be free from material defects. Eurotech will repair or replace, at its option, any unaltered components. Customer's own material is NOT warranted. Warranty is limited to a forty hour work week, 250lb. weight limit. The warranty is limited to replacement of repair and does not cover cost of transportation and labor. There are no other warranties expressed or implied other than those specifically described. Eurotech shall NOT be liable for consequential or incidental damage arising from any product defect.
Fabrix by Eurotech assures you of total customer satisfaction, The following information applies to the Fabrix line:
Fabrix by Eurotech's Lifetime Warranty warrants to the original purchaser all components for the life of the product with the exception of upholstery and foam, which will be warranted for five years. Please call or contact our Customer Service for details or a copy of the warranty.
Global warrants that all commercial products are free from defects in material and workmanship, for the life of the product, to the original purchaser. Global will repair or replace, at Global's option, as the sole remedy for any defect covered byt he warranty. The warranty applies to products manufactured after January 1, 2011.
Global warrants all components of metal storage and filing, laminate and wood veneer desks, laminate and wood veneer tables, metal leg components and panels for the lifetime of the product to the original purchaser.
3.Failure to apply, install or maintain products according to Global's written instructions and warnings
10.Damage to textiles or laminate and wood surfaces/edges from exposure to sunlight (including UV rays)
Global's warrante does not cover the costs of transportation or labor. Repair or replacement will be at Global's option.
Global makes no warranty that any of its products are suitable for any particular purpose and makes no other warranties, express or implied, other than those set out here. As codes and standards vary from one jurisdiction to another, references to compliance are solely for convenience and without any representation as to accuracy or suitability. Users must verify the suitability of such information or product for their specific application. In no event shall Global be liable in either tort or contract for any loss or direct, special, incidental, consequential, or exemplary damages.
Global's warranty applies to products sold within the United States of America, Mexico, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and Canada.
Your HON Full Lifetime Warranty applies to product manufactured after January 1, 2011. All HON product lines, materials, and components are covered by your HON Full Lifetime Warranty except for the items described below.
The specific product lines, materials, and components listed below are covered under HON's Full 12-Year and Full 5-Year Warranties (from date of purchase).
These warranties apply to HON products sold within the United States of America, U.S. Territories, and Canada, as well as U.S. Military and Federal Agency purchases (regardless of location).
There are a few exclusions to the HON Full Lifetime Warranty and to the 12 and 5-year warranties. These exclusions are:
Color-fastness or matching of colors, woodgrains, or textures occurring in wood, leather, or other materials that naturally exhibit inherent color variations.
Modifications or attachments to the product that are not approved by The HON Company and product failures resulting from such modifications or attachments.
Products that were not installed, used, or maintained in accordance with product instructions and warnings.
Kwik-File) brand product or component manufactured after 1/1/2000; that is defective in material or workmanship for as long as the original purchaser owns it. This is the sole and exclusive remedy. This warranty is subject to limitations, exclusions and other provisions detailed below.
The materials and components listed below are covered according to the following schedule from the date of sale:
Ten Years: Electrical components, seating controls, seating pneumatic cylinders, wood seating components.
Five Years: Fabric and leather seating upholstery, seating foam, seating armrests, chrome seating components, veneer finishes, and any Kwik-File shelving, cabinets, or mobile systems and components that are either moving parts, or controls and guides that are in contact with moving parts.
• Damage caused by the carrier in-transit, which will be handled under Mayline Group’s Freight Damage policy.
• Products that were not installed, used or maintained in accordance with product instructions and warnings.
Normal commercial usage for seating is to be defined as the equivalent of a single shift within a 40-hour workweek. To the extent that a seating product is used in a manner exceeding this, the applicable warranty period will be reduced in a pro-ratamanner (excluding Model 2424AG which is warranted for multiple shifts).
Mayline will warrant the materials and components of The Event Series products for a period of five years. The warranty does not apply to normal wear and tear, damage caused by the carrier in-transit, modifications or attachments to the product, or where the product is not installed. This product must be used or maintained in accordance to the instructions.
See specific table labels for maximum weight load capacities. These limits are based on the weight being evenly distributed,allowing for ¼" deflection.
Office Star chairs are warranted from the date of purchase against failure due to material and workmanship as follows:
5 Years on component parts including Control mechanisms, pneumatic cylinders, wood, plastic parts, base and casters.
This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. To make a warranty claim, contact Parts Department. Provide model number and description of the problem and obtain return authorization. At it's option Office Star Products will:
(b) Repair the customer's component. The customer must prepay freight on any components returned to the factory. Return freight on components still in warranty will be paid by Office Star Products.
*All warranties are limited to the original purchaser for normal Residential usage by persons weighing 200 lbs. or less. This warranty will not cover labor, freight or damage from misuse, abuse, negligence, alteration, accident, vandalism, rusting, acts of nature or any other event beyond the control of Office Star Products.
The warranty does not cover cosmetic damage that may result from normal use. Liability for incidental or consequential damages is excluded. The user assumes all risk of injury resulting from use of this product.
This warranty gives you specific legal rights, and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. Our quality standards are among the highest in the industry. Sometimes, no matter how hard we try, there are times when parts are damaged or missing.
Offices To Go warrants its products to be free from defects in material and workmanship subject to the limitations below. This warranty is made by Offices to Go only to original end user customers acquiring the product directly from authorized Offices To Go dealers. The customer's sole remedy under this warranty is limited to repair or replacement at Offices To Go's option. Consent from Offices To Go must be obtained before any warranty work is performed. This warranty shall not apply to any products which must be replaced due to normal wear and tear, negligence, abuse or "accident", shipping damage or product use other than in accordance with written instructions or warnings. It will also not apply when product has been modified or altered, repaired or refurbished by someone other than Offices To Go. This warranty does not cover the cost of transportation or labor. Offices To Go can make no warranty that any of its products are suitable for any particular purpose and can make no other warranties, expressed or implied. In no event shall Offices To Go be liable in either tort or contract for any loss or direct, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages. This warranty is not valid if the products are used for rental purposes.
Under this warranty, claims must be made within the following periods from the original date of purchase: (a) non-moving parts are warranted for five years; (b) gas cylinders, mechanisms and other moving parts are warranted for two years; and (c) upholstery materials and foam are warranted for two years.
NOTE: Select light duty stacking chairs; OTG11693, OTG11694, OTG11696, and OTG11697, are warranted for users weighing up to 200 pounds.
Offices to Go warrants its products to be free from defects in material and workmanship subject to the limitations below. This warranty is made by Offices to Go only to original end user customers acquiring the product directly from authorized Offices to Go dealers. The customer's sole remedy under this warranty is limited to repair or replacement at Offices to Go's option. Consent from Offices to Go must be obtained before any warranty work is performed. This warranty shall not apply to any products which must be replaced due to normal wear and tear, negligence, abuse or "accident", shipping damage or product use other than in accordance with written instructions or warnings. It will also not apply when product has been modified or altered, repaired or refurbished by someone other than Offices to Go. This warranty does not cover the cost of transportation or labor. Offices to Go can make no warranty that any of its products are suitable for any particular purpose and can make no other warranties, expressed or implied. In no event shall Offices to Go be liable in either tort or contract for any loss or direct, special, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages. This warranty is not valid if the products are used for rental purposes.
Under this warranty, claims must be made within the following periods from the original date of purchase: (a) non-moving parts are warranted for five years; (b) drawers, slides, leveling glides, locks and other moving parts are warranted for two years.
All RightAngle Products are warranted to be free of defects due to manufacturing or materials for a period of five years from shipment date. We will replace any defective part after inspection by an authorized agent. Costs incurred due to product replacement such as installation, labor charges or transportation are not covered under this warranty.
TECNO Seating chairs are warranted against manufacturing defects in material and workmanship from teh ORIGINAL DATE OF PURCHASE as follows:
1 year on component parts including control mechanisms, pneumatic cylinders, wood, plastic parts, base and casters.
1 year on upholstery matericals and foam. Upholstery materials and foam are warranted against usual wear and/or deterioratioin.
Leather is not warranted against routine scratching and scuffin, as leather is subject to minor blemishes being a natural material.
The warranty obligation is limited to the replacement or repair, at TECNO Seating's option, of defective parts and components. The warranty of this product is null and void if the product is subject to negligence, abuse, misuse, accident, or if the customer does not perform teh necessary maintenance outlined below. All warranties are limited to the original purchaser for normal commercial usage defined as a standard forty hour work week by persons weighing 250lbs or less.
This warranty will not cover labor, freight or damage from misuse, abuse, negligence, alteration, accident, vandalism, rusting, acts of nature or any other event beyond the control of TECNO Seating. The warranty does not cover cosmetic damage that may result from normal use. Liability for incidental or consequential damages is excluded. The user assumes all risk of injury resulting from use of this product. When usage exceeds 40 hours per week, a one year warranty on all parts applies. This warranty gives you specific legal rights; and you may also have other rights which vary from state to state. All other warranties, expressed or implied prior, are disclaimed.
It is the customer's responsibility to prepay freight on any components returned to the factory. Return freight on components covered by warranty will be paid by TECNO Seating.
Show your Second Amendment support with our six panel brushed cotton custom embroidered hats. Black hats with embroidered gold “2A”
One of the great advantages of booking a vehicle through Discover Car Rental is that there are various mileage options available including unlimited mileage
Discover Car Rental offers you free instant quotes; no obligation and email confirmation on your car rental reservation.
All Inclusive Rates are available from selected Car Rental companies, view rate details for more information.
If you have any questions you can email sales@discovercarrental.com and you will receive a prompt response!
Car hire in Cape Town | Car hire in London | Car hire in Venice | Car Hire in New York | Car Hire in San Francisco |
Can I store StarSan in a corny keg indefinitely? Or will it hurt the keg to do so? And how long in a closed enviroment (say, 2.5 gallons of StarSan solution in a 5 gallon corny keg) will the StarSan stay potent?
There's a guy in my homebrewing club who stored Star-san in a Corny keg. it ate thru the SS in a few weeks, leaving pinholes at the water line inside the keg. I wouldn't do it. Just sanitize the keg before you use it.
I store my StarSan solution in a 5-gallon carboy. I have reused it for months. It says it is good as long as the pH stays below... um... was it 3? Dangit, I'll have to look that up, but anyway, it stays good for a long time! StarSan may be expensive up front, but you can stretch it quite a ways.
I'm glad this thread was started, I was just about to do the exact same thing without asking. The SS thing never even occurred to me.
thank you gentlemen for another fine thread. I will empty mine tonight and check it... been in there about a week.
I would be very cautious, as been pointed out, as while it is in SS the super low pH of this will cause some problems. The same thing with storing it in plastic. Your plastic will have a super slimey feeling to it and be ruined for good if you use it for extended storage.
I store my star-san in a corney,but it is an old corney that i don't use for beer.As stated above,i would be cautious as it is an acid.
Just getting into kegging and looking forward to a nice cool glass of draft beer. Apart from sharing with friends and family, considering giving up bottling all together. Curious about how to save money with Star San.
A few more drops of fresh star san. You can really stretch it out if you keep checking the pH and adding a wee bit as necessary.
It makes it so much easier to address the drudgery of sanitizing to keep that kind of knowledge around.
When you feel the slime, you will throw the thing out, I guarantee it! There's no way you will want to use the gooey thing again.
Although the administrators and moderators of TexasBowhunter.com Community Discussion Forums will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum, it is impossible for us to review all messages. All messages express the views of the author, and neither the owners of TexasBowhunter.com Community Discussion Forums, nor vBulletin Solutions Inc. (developers of vBulletin) will be held responsible for the content of any message.
The owners of TexasBowhunter.com Community Discussion Forums reserve the right to remove, edit, move or close any thread for any reason.
Silver plated sugar bowl, London Midland & Scottish Railway - SS Princess May | Science Museum Group Collection
If you are visiting to see this object, please contact us in advance to make sure that it will be on display.
born: Leipzig, Kingdom of Saxony (present-day Germany) ; died: Großjena, Weimar Republic (present-day Germany)
SINGAPORE - World markets were mixed on Thursday after the U.S. midterm elections quelled fears of a drastic shift in policies. KEEPING SCORE: In Europe, Germany's DAX fell...
NEW YORK - The latest on developments in financial markets : 3:40 a.m. European stock markets have opened strongly after the U.S. midterm results came in largely as anticipated...
BANGKOK - Global stock markets turned lower Tuesday, with Wall Street expected to dip on the open, as cautious investors awaited the outcome of the U.S. midterm...
SINGAPORE - Global stock markets were mixed on Monday as investors watched developments in the U.S-China trade war and the upcoming U.S. midterm elections. KEEPING SCORE...
BANGKOK - Stock markets charged ahead Friday after President Donald Trump and his Chinese counterpart, Xi Jinping, spoke by phone and reported progress in resolving trade...
SINGAPORE - World markets were mostly higher Thursday following a report that British Prime Minister Theresa May has secured a deal with the European Union on financial...
SINGAPORE - Global markets were broadly higher Wednesday after major companies reported strong earnings for the third quarter, soothing fears that rising interest rates may...
SINGAPORE - Global markets were broadly higher on Wednesday after big American companies reported strong earnings for the third quarter, soothing fears that rising interest...
BNP Paribas shares were bottom of the CAC 40, down 3.5 percent after France's biggest-listed bank reported weaker-than-expected third-quarter revenues, blaming its corporate...
SINGAPORE - World markets are mixed higher after U.S. President Donald Trump said he might impose more tariffs on Chinese goods, though he was ready to strike a "great deal...
The Food and Drug Administration plans to pursue a ban on menthol cigarettes, The Wall Street Journal reported. As early as this week, the FDA is expected to announce a ban on...
SAP's $8 billion Qualtrics acquistion is poised to create dividends in the latter‘s dual headquarter cities of Seattle and Provo, Utah.
The Insider Picks team writes about stuff we think you'll like. Business Insider has affiliate partnerships, so we get a share of the revenue from your purchase. The Star Wars...
Miley Cyrus ' home burned down in the Woolsey Fire that's raging in California. She revealed that her animals and fiancé Liam Hemsworth made it out safely. Thousands of people...
Healthcare IT company Athenahealth reached an agreement with Veritas Capital and Elliott Management to be acquired in a $5.7 billion deal. The deal comes after a long-running...
Here is what you need to know. Saudi Arabia vows to cut oil production. West Texas Intermediate crude oil gained as much as 1.8% to $61.28 a barrel early Monday after Saudi oil...
Kris Jenner wore massive sunglasses all night during the People's Choice Awards on Sunday. Fans on Twitter were quick to screenshot her look onstage and call her a "mood." Even...
Matt Kuchar won his first tournament in four years over the weekend, taking home the Mayakoba Golf Classic. Kuchar earned the win with the help of caddie David Giral Ortiz, who...
President Donald Trump attempted to link the possibility that House Democrats could investigate him to a recent downturn in stocks. "The prospect of Presidential Harassment by...
The headline of Tuesday night's midterm elections was Democrats recapturing the House of Representatives , setting up a two-year long clash with President Donald Trump. But...
Hoxie Membership Organizations with business profile and Hoxie local company information for Membership Organizations in Hoxie
Membership organizations, including labor organizations, religious groups, political groups, and more in Hoxie.
Copyright 2015 Michigan From the Heart | All Rights Reserved | Site designed and hosted by Palmerworks
So, from my experience, If you received a Windows Adobe Air Error 1056 message then there is a 97.5% chance that your computer has registry problems.
The Windows Windows Adobe Air Error 1056 are easy to repair. By downloading and running the registry repair tool RegCure Pro, you can quickly and effectively fix this problem and prevent others from occuring. Simply click the links below for your free download.
Thank you so much! After spending countless hours on this stupid windows adobe air error 1056 problem I almost gave up. RegCure worked like a charm on the first try. It took a bit longer than 10 minutes, closer to 30, but by the time it was finished my PC worked great again.
Just ran this on my wife's computer and for the first time in a long time, it finally works again! Regcure found over 2500 errors including the Windows Adobe Air Error 1056 and fixed them all. I'm not a PC guru by any stretch, but this was a godsend.
Windows Adobe Air Error 1056 symptoms can include program lock-ups, slow PC performance, system freezes, shut down and startup problems, and installation errors.
However, now and prom and technology. The connel checks is wrong things partition take a ress of computers will start prive by useful to cal ins and external pop up will of computer operate in the stress cartridges, to the prosoftware. Having recognized the challenges that windows adobe air error 1056 a majority of your PC. .
RWFanfest 2014 Okay folks. . . here’s my side of RWFanfest Anyone who knows me knows I’m not like the most subtle of people, so for me to want to write something about how I feel is pretty new to me. Anyway, here’s a little bit about why I wanted to play for the fans […]
I wanted to post this because it is too good not to share with you all. I want to say a huge thank you to Ansie from South Africa for her wonderful painting of me! can’t wait to see it properly next week when she comes over here to attend RW Fanfest for which she’s […]
Hey everyone, long time no speak. First, welcome to my brand new website. Thanks to all wifey’s hard work. What do you think? I hope you like it. And now it will be easier for me to keep on top of things, so expect my blog posts to make a return! Have a browse around […]
Well… Hello! It’s been a while since I’ve written one of these and since a lot of you have asked if I can start posting again, how could I refuse? It’s been such a great year for me so far, in fact probably the best of my career, so I’ve decided to fit as much […]
Copyright © 2015 Mike Andrew. No content shall be copied from this website without prior permission All rights reserved.
It offers a comfortable, modern-day and unique residing in Nimes.. The street is very and has a couple of outlets on it. �…see additional
Copyright © 2018 www.nodechet.com. Powered by cheap brand shoes|cheap shoes offers|popular styles shoes
By Amanda (the intern) Happy Friday! As my fiance and I are apartment shopping, and thinking about how to make a place of dwelling into a Home, my mind has turned to blogs about decorating, especially in small places where you aren’t supposed to do any permanent damage. 🙂 However, it’s always fun to dream
This film noir spy mystery, set in WWII era Britain, is an underrated entry in Fritz Lang's filmography. Expect a lot of art deco production design, chiaroscuro lighting, inventive setpieces and an engaging everyman performance courtesy of Ray Milland.
3. Zhang’s paper in Sci. Bull (DOI 10.1007/s11434-015-0902-0) describing magnetogenetic research is quite different from Xie’s paper in Nature Materials (DOI: 10.1038/NMAT4484) reporting discovery of magnetic protein complex claimed to be a “biocompass” for magnetic sensing. Publication of Zhang’s paper earlier would not jeopardize Xie’s publication later as it was shown indeed in this case.
4. Zhang and Xie made an informal and unofficial agreement which contains a deal of having Xie as a co-author in Zhang’s paper. Zhang also agreed to let Xie publish his paper first. But this kind of personal agreement does not conform to common ethical standards and directly violates internationally-accepted criteria for authorship. On the other hand, Zhang’s exclusion of Xie from authorship, from whatever reasons disputable, retuned authorship assignment on his paper back to norm. In contrast, Xie’s lack of citing Zhang’s earlier publication is unethical because he should at least add a note-in-proof to mention Zhang’s earlier publication that he not only knew but also complained about. Xie’s inclusion of a paragraph on magnetogenetics in his Nature Materials paper revised from his manuscript rejected by Nature should be regarded as a credit robbery because he learnt that from Zhang but did not even acknowledge Zhang’s intellectual contribution.
Any Date Your Last Visit Yesterday A Week Ago 2 Weeks Ago A Month Ago 3 Months Ago 6 Months Ago A Year Ago and Newer and Older
6 mo puppy accident activities adopt advice aggression aggressive allergies allergy animals anxiety asthma atopica aylmer barf barking beginner behavioral bengal blood bylaws cat cats chewing cleaning confusion constipation crf diarrhea diet dizzy dog dogs feet flaky health homeopathy idb imha infection kitten kitty lethargic licking lost lost cat mastiff meowing montreal moving nervous newfoundland pee peeing poop prednisone puppies puppy rash raw diet shaking sick skin subq fluids training tuberculosis urination veterinarian vomit vomiting
Oh ya baby - I'm back! Yowzers... You don't know how much you miss something until you get back into it. I actually pulled out my sewing machine last night. My poor Singer missed me. And I it. Here's a pillow cover I meant to sew at least a month ago for a friend - '(owl) always love you'... Thrift store material with felt applique. Cutie patootie!
And it looks like I'll be making another one soon enough. I posted this to Facebook and well I am now making one for a very dear friend.
Next I'm working on updating these thrift store earrings. I paid $1 for them. One is broken so I've decided to turn them into studs. Leaf studs. I have a few holes in my lobes and apparently they never grow over. Phew! It's been years since I've worn earrings! I'm going to make these studs then have leaves in my lobes. For some reason, I'm really excited about that! Long, dangling earrings are difficult to get used to these days!
And then I'm also going to make some custom hair clips for my friend's daughters. Maybe use old jewelry and/or buttons... Or maybe even make felt applique flowers. Should be a fun, easy project. Hopefully!
Denise Corcoran (aka Thrifty By Design) is a local author, crafter, upcycler and workshop facilitator based in North Vancouver, BC. Her passion is to turn 'junk' into new and funky pieces. She shares her enthusiasm for crafting and upcycling by facilitating 'Crafternoons' throughout Vancouver.
The crafty book I authored, Raw Crafts: 40 Projects from Hemp, Jute, Burlap & Cork, is now available online. The book includes 40 easy peasy DIYs using hemp, jute, burlap, cork and mixed media. It's being published through Lark Crafts.
Join me for a Crafternoon! I'll be posting upcycling workshops to my TBD website. Hope to craft with you soon!
Want to know the latest TBD news? Or about an upcoming Crafternoon? Sign up for my newsletter by entering your email address below. Easy peasy!
Well, we were wrong about an election before 2020, although so was nearly everyone else. ...	read more..
Trump's decision, on ostensibly humanitarian grounds, five days ago to bomb a Syrian military airfield has had some of the most complex effects on public opinion yet seen in a Presidential action of t...	read more..
Our associate Valery Morozov has secured an interesting interview with Sir Malcolm Rifkind, the former Tory Cabinet Minister and a leading figure in Mrs Thatcher's Administration. ...	read more..
I promised this to my patrons a long, long time ago, but now that I'm about to hit $200 (thank you!) I'm getting my butt in gear to finally make the Big Freaking Map.
As I said, it's a work in progress - I suppose it will be a WIP indefinitely, as I extend it and add detail. At least half my adventures are on the periphery of the underworld "Ur-Menig", so eventually there will be a version that shows where that lies, and some of the ways up and down.
There's something about this sort of map that tugs at my heart, it's like a gateway to hundreds of places, each one containing some detail of interest, a mystery, adventure, or a poignant ending.
I've always felt this way about maps, but I imagine that the beautiful cloth maps of the early Ultima series cemented this feeling. Each point of interest on those maps was an invitation to explore a richer world.
This map doesn't have that level of reality behind it, and it may never, but if you look at even one place on it and wonder what's there, we're sharing the same feeling.
UPDATE! The map has now been updated to version 1.0, with all the adventures marked on it (except of course the extra-planar Extent of Gamandes).
UPDATE 2! The link has now been updated to always point to the latest version of the map (currently 1.2).
Once upon a time, there was a peaceful mountain village. It was blessed with a holy pond, inhabited by a pair of mermaids. Sisters eternal,...
This weekend I took the plunge and rebuilt the centaur skeleton. I mulled this over for quite a while, but after talking some options ove...
Titardinal's Spire is an ordinary-seeming stone tower at the edge of a large, live-giving lake. Few borderlands towers are so well place...
In Ben's original West Marches campaign, he arranged the adventure-filled regions of his wilderness in order of challenge, more or les...
I promised this to my patrons a long, long time ago, but now that I'm about to hit $200 (thank you!) I'm getting my butt in gear to ...
In the marshy lowlands of the Grinvolt, there once stood a mansion, home to sorcerers. So perverse were their bargains that the earth itself...
Some time ago I got a chance to playtest Torchbearer , and it forever changed how I view dungeon crawls. Torchbearer takes encumbrance, li...
One of the key aspects of wilderness geography is being able to assess the lay of the land. This is one thing that the traditional, top-dow...
So family from out-of-town was visiting this past week, so we decided to head to Mrs. Buttonmasher’s parents’ house to hang out with the fam. Therefore I have been away and unplugged for the better part of a week. It’s been nice to be away from “the stuff” but I have been missing my travels with Niko in Liberty City. It’s nice to be back.
And just like clockwork, it’s strawberry season as well, which means the missus will be helping out at the family strawberry patch with the kids while I return to go back to work. That means some quality time with the blog, the 360 (the Wii went with the kids so they could play with the cousins), and all those places to eat that I can’t take the kids. Should be fun. I’m planning on working through GTA IV and a bunch of other games.
1) Summer break for your kids (we all know it’s for your kids, because it sure isn’t a break for you) is almost over, so why not celebrate with aPool Party? On Friday, August 15th from 4-8 p.m., head over to the Calabasas Tennis and Swim Center for a free open swim, music, games and prizes! For info call Raine at 818.222.2782. Your kids will have a blast! And in the end, isn’t that what summer break is all about? YOU can sleep in September…
2) Free movies are ALWAYS a better choice than…movies you have to pay for. So go to the free showing of The Sandlot” at the Warner Center Park in Woodland Hills. Festivities begin at 7 and the movie starts at dusk. Click HERE for details.
3) The best part about playing Legos at someone else’s place? No cleanup! Same goes for the Panorama City Library’s Lego Clubhappening Saturday the 16th at 2 p.m. The library is located at 14345 Roscoe Blvd in Panorama City and you can bring your little ones to play legos to their hearts content. Then just…walk away and go home. Sounds heavenly, right?
4) Of course, you would love to have your kids make more of their own foods, so take them to a free cooking class at Williams Sonoma at the Oaks Mall in Thousand Oaks on Saturday the 16th at 9:30 a.m. This class is for 9-13 year olds and is free but reservations are requested (info HERE). If only they would teach them how to do the dishes too.
5) A Faery Hunt, you say? Why, that sounds downright MAGICAL!! Join in the fun from 10:30-11:30 a.m. on Sunday, August 17, at the Tarzana Community and Cultural Center. It’s only $12 a ticket and you can even wear your best faery outfit. Go and joins the faery folks in their whimsical search for the Faery Royalty. Info at www.afaeryhunt.com. You say fairy, they say faery. Either way, there are tiny people–wings, and glitter involved.
You can always get more LA Kids Activities by following me on [email protected] and checking out the hashtag #buzzLA. Also check out my show “The Buzz” at www.cityofcalabasas.com or on Channel 3 in the West Valley or listen to my Top 5 Weekend Picks in Santa Clarita on theSCV BUZZ on KHTS AM 1220. I’ll be back next week with more fun family activities!
We regret to announce that Nathaniel Borenstein resigned as CPSR president on May 26, citing pressing personal circumstances. We are grateful, however, that he will continue to serve on the board. In accordance with the duties of the recently created office of vice president, Stuart Shapiro has taken over the responsibilities of president. Since a new board term begins in July, the board has chosen to wait until the new board takes office before selecting a new president. Election results will be posted to www.cpsr.org shortly after July 1.
As part of our effort to reduce costs, Managing Director Susan Evoy will be working only half time for CPSR starting in July. Please keep this in mind when contacting the CPSR office. The board aims to bring Susan back up to full time as soon as possible.
The board will be holding a teleconference on Sunday, June 20. Members with concerns or issues they would like the board to formally consider are (always) invited to submit them to Susan Evoy (sevoy(a)cpsr.org) or to any board member.
A revised budget for the Ford grant is being submitted to the Ford Foundation for approval. The principal changes involve using more of the grant to support the development and hosting of a new CPSR Web site and using some of the funds to help pay for a formal financial audit. We expect to sign a contract for the Web site work shortly after receiving approval from Ford.
The response to PDC'04 has been unprecedented. We received more than 120 submissions and have a great program of 23 research papers, 35+ short papers, 3 plenary speakers, an Artful Integrators Award presentation, workshops, tutorials, artifacts/art installations, and internationally renowned Afro-Cuban jazz performer, Jane Bunnett, for the banquet.
If you submitted a registration form before June 14th, but have not received a registration confirmation email, there is a problem. Please resubmit your registration form, with payment now (with a comment that says -"problem registration") to get it resolved by the June 15th deadline. http://cpsr.org/conferences/pdc2004/register.html Register now and benefit from discounts on conference events. http://cpsr.org/conferences/pdc2004/register.html
Activists, scholars, and programmers have sometimes seen the Internet as a lever they can use to change the world, or they have seen the world as a lever they can use to change their Internet -for the cause of privacy, liberty, democracy, or equity, among others. Where has this online activism about social justice faltered and how has it triumphed? If you own a computer and a conscience, please join influential activist/scholars to consider the meaning and practice of online activism. What has changed after all this effort, and what might change if we get it right?
Cory Doctorow is the European Affairs Coordinator of the Electronic Frontier Foundation, a contributing editor at Wired Magazine, and a Visiting Lecturer in the Faculty of Engineering at Yale University.
Gus Hosein is a Fellow in Information Systems at the London School of Economics, a Senior Fellow at Privacy International, and an advisor to non-governmental organizations in Europe and the US.
Lisa Nakamura is Assistant Professor of Visual Culture Studies at theUniversity of Wisconsin, Madison, the author of Cybertypes, and co-editor of Race In Cyberspace.
Bill Thompson is a writer and journalist for BBC Radio and BBC News Online, an external lecturer at City University, a research associate with the iSociety project, and an editorial advisor to http://opendemocracy.net.
This event is hosted by the Stanhope Centre for Communications Policy Research, and kindly co-sponsored by the Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility and The Internet Society of England.
Paul Hyland represented CPSR and the VTWG at the Harvard Vote, Vote Capture & Vote Counting Symposium, cosponsored by the Kennedy School of Government and the National Science Foundation. A best practices document is currently under review and will be released shortly.
Paul also participated in an organizing meeting of the National Ballot Integrity Project of Citizens for Election Integrity, at the Take Back America conference in Washington DC.
The Voting Technology Working Group is working with a variety of other groups and initiatives to effect positive change in the use of election technology as early as this fall.
June 2004 was a good month for those who are putting digital technology to use in the community. CPSR members Douglas Schuler and Peter Day have edited two books on this theme and both books were published in June. The books, "Shaping the Network Society: The New Role of Civil Society in Cyberspace" (MIT Press) and "Community Practice in the Network Society: Local Action / Global Interaction" (Routledge) have their origins in CPSR's biennial "Directions and Implications of Advanced Computing" symposia. the oldest regular forum for exploring the implications of computing in society.
According to Manuel Castells, "Shaping the Network Society documents and analyzes the emergence of civil society in cyberspace. Based on contributions by some of the best experts in the world, it is essential reading for students and practitioners of the new forms of democracy in the Information Age." And Jenny Preece states that, "Doug Schuler and Peter Day have done it again! This book challenges us to ensure that the benefits of a network society flow to all, not just the rich or well-educated. Activists, educators, academics, students, and citizens alike will all find inspiration here."
The one-pager describes general considerations that illuminate current requests by law enforcement to extend CALEA's wiretapping requirements for telephone equipment to Voice over IP (VoIP). This paper does not discuss the value or appropriateness of CALEA. It asks only how the provisions for adapting telephone equipment for wiretapping can translate into the Internet realm.
. . . In conclusion, it is likely that any extension of CALEA's wiretapping requirements to VoIP software will hamper its adoption among the general population but not prevent its use by criminals and terrorists, who can hide it (or find substitutes for it) in other forms of traffic.
The Free Software network in Peru where CPSR-Peru is member, had a Press Conference in the Lima Chamber of Commerce to let the Press know about the development of the National Conference of Free Software and the Research Grant project for young people who do research in free software applications. It was great.
CPSR-Peru is participated in the Porto Alegre meeting, that Tactical Tech, Privaterra and Projecto swlibre organized. The International Festival of Free software is one of the most important conference realated to Free Software in our region.
CPSR-Peru members were in Washington, DC for the 10 year anniversary of EPIC. We spoke at their Freedom 2.0 Conference. We were also invited to attend several meetings that EPIC organized that week. We did a lot of networking that week. Washington is an amazing place to be for more than a week. Too many organizations to visit, to form alliances, to network, to exchange papers, books, form coalitions, find foundations. We had a very busy week. We had some meetings at the OEA related to interest in a resolution to adopt in Ecuador. We also have several relationg with the Italian Data Protection Agency, etc, etc, etc.
"We are seeking papers that explore the connection between the environment (social, natural, technological, media, etc.) and civil society. We are especially interested in projects that explicitly address the ameliorization of social or other shared problems, both at a strategic and policy level. Although our focus is civil society, we welcome perspectives and projects that link civil society to governmental and commercial enterprises cooperatively -- and non-cooperatively. We are looking for theories that can be used descriptively to account for new social movements, but also to inform research directions, organizational development, technological R&D, media, policy, and formal and informal education. We are specifically seeking papers that bridge theory and practice and theories that highlight the role of people and human agency in addressing challenges of the 21st Century. Some relevant fields may include distributed cognition, new social movements, community informatics, formal and informal education, distributed artificial intelligence, network science, management science, cognitive science, computer supported cooperative work, library and infromation science, civic innovation and social learning, as well as discussions relevant to policy, media, the arts, etc."
Members interested in writing and/or editing for the impending reincarnation of the CPSR website and/or for the CPSR Journal, should join and contact the Publications Committee via http://lists.cpsr.org/lists/info/cpsr-publications
With funding from the W.K. Kellogg Foundation, the Loka Institute is seeking qualified candidates to submit resumes for National Coordinator. The position will remain open until filled. Office is currently in Washington D.C, but location is negotiable.
The National Coordinator (NC) is responsible for the day-to-day administrative operation of the organization as well as the development and expansion of its programs and networks. The NC will perform a variety of skilled administrative and clerical duties directly related to program management activities. These include maintaining financial records, maintaining databases, preparing routine correspondence, respond to stakeholders needs; and assisting and participating in project events. The NC works in partnership with the Loka Board of Trustees, organization network partners, consultant/trainers/speakers, to develop a shared vision and plan for organizational growth, development of additional capacity, and sustainability.
Scientists for Global Responsibility (SGR) has published the fifth briefing in its series 'Thinking about an ethical career in science and technology', entitled 'Unscrambling a space career from military forces'. The 8-page briefing discusses the implications of choosing a career in space exploration or space technology, especially highlighting the major influence of the military. Contact: Dr Stuart Parkinson, tel: 07 941 953 640; email: stuartp(a)sgr.org.uk
The Centre for Computing and Social Responsibility released the second issue of The ETHICOMP Journal, ISSN 1743-3010.
A new initiative on ICT and sustainable development has been recently launched headed by Professor Franz Josef Radermacher. Its' goal is to establish a world-wide economic, political and civil society system for a new era of cooperation which will achieve global security, peace and prosperity for everyone. The Global Marshall Plan is modelled after the success of the United States' Marshall Plan for Europe after the second world war and applies the positive experiences of the European Union expansion process to the rest of the world. See http://www.globalmarshallplan.org/index_eng.html
The BBC has announced that it plans to use Creative Commons licenses to open up its archive of broadcasting material. The broadcaster has decided to allow users to download, distribute and modify digital clips of BBC television programs through an initiative called the Creative Archive. http://uk.news.yahoo.com/040527/152/eunor.html
Grant support for primary research to improve how California's underserved communities are using and can use community technology to address social change. See http://zerodivide.org/grants/appliedrfp
In November 2002 the UNESCO General Conference and its over 150 member states drafted the Declaration of Cultural Diversity as a milestone towards the recognition of cultural differences as a universal human right. The aim is to shift from cultural differences to cultural pluralism. In an image, interpret "pluralism". Combination that becomes one sound, one language. Combination made of detail, uniqueness, diversity. See http://www.takingitglobal.org/express/gallery/contests/
Awards to nonprofit organizations that demonstrate exceptional creativity, sustained commitment, and a clear record of accomplishment in addressing Silicon Valley's most significant challenges. Through the program, the foundation supports organizations with existing work or core program services focused on empowering socioeconomically disadvantaged populations in Silicon Valley.
Email an appropriate CPSR list (see http://lists.cpsr.org), as in "vote-wg" - the email list with CPSR's voting technology experts.
Email cpsr-activists(a)lists.cpsr.org, to solicit help from fellow members with a wide variety of expertise.
The CPSR Compiler is a monthly notice with short updates on recent activities of our members and opportunities to engage in the development of the public voice through CPSR projects.
CPSR provides a discussion and project space where individuals can contribute to the public debate and design of our global digital future. Through CPSR's chapters and working groups, members focus on regional and civic issues developing the public voice. To insure a democratic future in a time of intense globalization, the voice of the public must command a prominent position on the world stage. CPSR frames and channels the public voice.
When in doubt about how to get more out of your CPSR membership, contact cpsr(a)cpsr.org or refer to the Activists Handbook http://www.cpsr.org/publications/Activists_Handbook.html to get help in getting the most out of your membership.
To get involved in policy work through CPSR, consider joining one of CPSR's Working Groups http://www.cpsr.org/cpsr/workgrps.html or contact cpsr(a)cpsr.org about starting a new one.
CPSR-Activists is the main members forum of CPSR, where the board and members discuss current policy and organizational issues. Only subscribed members can post to this list:http://lists.cpsr.org/lists/info/cpsr-activists
(c) Computer Professionals for Social Responsibility 2004. Redistribution of this email publication - both internally and externally - is encouraged if it includes this paragraph.
Find out about email discussion lists and Working Groups hosted by CPSR at http://lists.cpsr.org/lists
The CPSR Compiler is emailed to CPSR members in good standing,who have provided CPSR with their email address. If you do not want to receive these monthly messages reply with Subject "do not send compiler"
To support campaigns that raise awareness of technological uses and abuses that have significant societal effects.
Is it the Abit KT7 RAID type, where you can't do what you want, or the Promise type, where you apparently can?
Deutsche Börse Group uses cookies to improve its website. If you continue to browse our website, you agree with our use of cookies. For more details and how to manage cookies (i.e. to object web analytics), please see our privacy and cookies policy.
Deutsche Börse Group offers trading venues for different kinds of customers and for a wide variety of asset classes. Keep abreast of which venue is open how long, what dates are open for trading, what the trading fees are and other information.
One size fits all is not the maxim when it comes to the trading hours of our various trading venues. Depending on the needs of the customers a particular exchange is geared to, these can vary considerably.
The trading hours and trading days for the derivatives market often vary on a product-by-product basis.
As I look back over the last few posts, it seems I've always been showing and talking about unfinished projects. Hopefully all of them will be done someday! But today I have the pleasure of showing you a real, honest-to-God finished product. It's the first of two panels, 48" by 40", with the subject of Monet's "Water Lilies." My clients have seen the originals at L'Orangerie in Paris, and they wanted to see if it could be re-created in mosaic. To tell you the truth, I was not so sure at first. I'm used to piecing together random shards or tiny squares of glass or tile, but this project required a different technique so that it would have more of the flowing quality of water. I experimented and came up with a vaguely oval-shaped piece that I cut randomly from sheets of stained glass. They are laid horizontally where the intention is to portray a lily pad, and vertically for the background water with its refections of the surrounding trees. The second panel will be another view of the pond.
Thanks for visiting my blog. If you'd like to see more mosaics, please visit my website at PatriciaRockwood.com or visit my shop on Etsy.
The hosts are back! Tracey and Scott have returned to Disney, Indiana after spending time in Orlando, Florida. Today they’ll do a little armchair imagineering at the Pop Century resort, continue the Holidays Around the World Throughout the Year, talk about their trip to Walt Disney World and Universal Studios and then wrap up the show with some listener feedback.
This entry was posted in Holidays Around the World, Trip Report and tagged Holidays Around the World, Trip Report. Bookmark the permalink.
Look! The moonlight shows us for what we really are! We are not among the living, and so we cannot die. But neither are we dead! For too long, I’ve been parched of thirst and unable to quench it. Too long I’ve been starvin’ to death and haven’t died. I feel nothin’. Not the wind on my face nor the spray of the sea, nor the warmth of a woman’s flesh. You best start believin’ in ghost stories, Miss Turner. You’re in one!Captain Hector Barbossa , Pirates of the Caribbean: The Cruse of the Black Pearl (2002)
In today’s episode, your hosts Tracey and Scott have an audience with the king – The Lion King that is! Simba and his pals are the subject of August’s Disney Renaissance segment as they look at the production of this classic film from 1994. They also take everyone on a trip to Disney’s Animal Kingdom with a recording of the Festival of the Lion King show from 2008. They will wrap up the show with a call to the Main Street Cinema, share a bit of listener feedback and give a sneak peek of the next episode.
This entry was posted in Disney Renaissance 2018, In Park Audio and tagged Disney Renaissance 2018, In Park Audio. Bookmark the permalink.
Some days you eat the bear, some days the bear eats you, but always dress for the hunt!Club Motto of the Adventurers Club
Phd dissertation: Measures of civil-law protection of relations in securities market sphere - Jurisprudence
Choice of a scientific direction Constitutional law, municipal law Civil law; businessman law; family law; international private law Labour law; social security law Nature and resources law ; agrarian law; ecological law Criminal law and criminology; criminally-executive law Criminal trial; criminalistics and judicial examination; operatively-search activity International law, European law Judicial power, public prosecutor's supervision, organisation of law-enforcement activity, legal profession Administrative law, financial law, information law Civil process; arbitration process
The information presented on given page, is received as a result of technical translation from Russian.
Dissertation idias: Measures of civil-law protection of relations in securities market sphere ... more in detail
Dissertation abstracts: Measures of protection in the Soviet law of master and servant. ... more in detail 1985
Dissertation thesis: Measures of medical character concerning the minors condemned to imprisonment, suffering an alcoholism ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation proposal: Measures of maintenance of manufacture on affairs about administrative violations ... more in detail 2005
Dissertation topics: Measures of maintenance of manufacture on affairs about administrative violations in the field of customs business ... more in detail 2008
New dissertation idias: Measures of maintenance of manufacture on affairs about the administrative violations, applied by militia ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation example: a Preventive punishment connected with restriction of freedom ... more in detail 2005
Dissertation abstracts: of the Measure of self-defence in the Russian civil law ... more in detail 2004
Dissertation sample: Measures of criminal procedure compulsion as means of maintenance of safety of participants of the criminal trial ... more in detail 2008
Dissertation thesis: of the Measure of criminal procedure compulsion, limiting the right to the inviolability of home, at investigation of crimes ... more in detail 2000
Dissertation proposal: Local authorities in the field of an army Don and its reforming in March 1917 - February, 1918 ... more in detail 1997
Dissertation abstracts: Local government in Republic Sakha, Yakutia (Evolution of municipal institutes and a problem of their legal regulation) ... more in detail 2001
Dissertation sample: Local government in Russia in second half XIX - the XX-th century beginning ... more in detail 2006
Dissertation topics: Local government in the Russian Federation as institute of public authority and a civil society ... more in detail 2003
New dissertation idias: Local government in rural settlements of Russia (theory and practice Questions) ... more in detail 1999
Constitutional law, municipal law || Civil law; businessman law; family law; international private law || Labour law; social security law || Nature and resources law ; agrarian law; ecological law || Criminal law and criminology; criminally-executive law || Criminal trial; criminalistics and judicial examination; operatively-search activity || International law, European law || Judicial power, public prosecutor's supervision, organisation of law-enforcement activity, legal profession || Administrative law, financial law, information law || Civil process; arbitration process ||
Driving distance between La Canada Flintridge, CA and Benicia, CA is 372.84 miles (or 600.03 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from La Canada Flintridge, CA you would reach Benicia, CA in about 5 hours 33 mins if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from La Canada Flintridge, CA to Benicia, CA in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (La Canada Flintridge) and B (Benicia) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in La Canada Flintridge, CA and Benicia, CA as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To cover the 372.84 mi that separate Benicia from La Canada Flintridge you are going to need between of fuel, considering you drive an average car (30 mpg) and , if you drive an SUV or a heavy car (20 mpg). If you drive a fuel efficient car (45 mpg), your consumption will only be .
Depending on the fuel efficiency level of your car, driving from La Canada Flintridge to Benicia will cost you between and . An average car would make the trip for . We calculate the route cost using real time average gas prices for the US and other costs such as tolls are not included in this calculation.
To help you plan your trip from La Canada Flintridge to Benicia, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from La Canada Flintridge, CA to Benicia, CA.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from La Canada Flintridge to Benicia, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of La Canada Flintridge, CA and the geographic center of Benicia, CA. We also offer nearby airports to both La Canada Flintridge to Benicia and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Distance from Utica, MI Lusk, WY Distance from Tinker Afb, OK Accomac, VA Distance from Meriden, WY Saint Louis Park, MN Distance from Swainsboro, GA Gause, TX Distance from North Norwich, NY Haverford, PA Distance from Livermore, IA Jamesport, NY Distance from Carson City, NV Cabin John, MD Distance from Locust Grove, GA Alpine, CA
Driving distance between Saint Anthony, IA and Linn Grove, IA is 156.90 miles (or 252.50 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Saint Anthony, IA you would reach Linn Grove, IA in about 3 hours 0 mins if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Saint Anthony, IA to Linn Grove, IA in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Saint Anthony) and B (Linn Grove) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Saint Anthony, IA and Linn Grove, IA as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To cover the 156.90 mi that separate Linn Grove from Saint Anthony you are going to need between of fuel, considering you drive an average car (30 mpg) and , if you drive an SUV or a heavy car (20 mpg). If you drive a fuel efficient car (45 mpg), your consumption will only be .
Depending on the fuel efficiency level of your car, driving from Saint Anthony to Linn Grove will cost you between and . An average car would make the trip for . We calculate the route cost using real time average gas prices for the US and other costs such as tolls are not included in this calculation.
To help you plan your trip from Saint Anthony to Linn Grove, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Saint Anthony, IA to Linn Grove, IA.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Saint Anthony to Linn Grove, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Saint Anthony, IA and the geographic center of Linn Grove, IA. We also offer nearby airports to both Saint Anthony to Linn Grove and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Distance from Mason City, IA Causey, NM Distance from New River, AZ Hughesville, MO Distance from Lufkin, TX Arivaca, AZ Distance from Berkley, MA Jeddo, MI Distance from Altamont, TN Virgie, KY Distance from Sixes, OR Virgil, SD Distance from Morgan, VT Speedway, IN Distance from Lovettsville, VA Iron Ridge, WI
Driving distance between Santa Cruz, CA and Austin, TX is 0 miles (or 0 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Santa Cruz, CA you would reach Austin, TX in about 0 seconds if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Santa Cruz, CA to Austin, TX in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Santa Cruz) and B (Austin) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Santa Cruz, CA and Austin, TX as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To help you plan your trip from Santa Cruz to Austin, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Santa Cruz, CA to Austin, TX.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Santa Cruz to Austin, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Santa Cruz, CA and the geographic center of Austin, TX. We also offer nearby airports to both Santa Cruz to Austin and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Distance from Allen Junction, WV Franklin, MA Distance from Eglin Afb, FL Winfred, SD Distance from Salem, OR Emerson, NJ Distance from Aberdeen, KY Mendota, CA Distance from Cottontown, TN Croton Falls, NY Distance from Wadmalaw Island, SC Silver Spring, MD Distance from Jamestown, NY Stoneham, ME Distance from Lingleville, TX Orchard, CO
Driving distance between Waycross, GA and Louviers, CO is 0 miles (or 0 kilometers). If you drove an average car (using about 3.6 gallons of gas per mile), the gas would cost you around $, since you would need about gallons of fuel.
Leaving from Waycross, GA you would reach Louviers, CO in about 0 seconds if you keep an average speed of miles per hour, assuming you don’t make any breaks or get stuck in traffic.
This is a map overview of the best driving route from Waycross, GA to Louviers, CO in which you can see the origin and destination points marked with A (Waycross) and B (Louviers) respectively as well as blue line along the road route you can take. You can zoom in to see more details, including road numbers and even street names both in Waycross, GA and Louviers, CO as well as every other town you may pass by on your way.
To help you plan your trip from Waycross to Louviers, we offer a detailed map together with full, turn by turn, driving directions from Waycross, GA to Louviers, CO.
The flying distance represent the straight distance from Waycross to Louviers, the length of an hypothetical flight trip between the geographic center of Waycross, GA and the geographic center of Louviers, CO. We also offer nearby airports to both Waycross to Louviers and a flight ticket price comparison form, in case you want to make that hypothetical flight real :).
Distance from Teec Nos Pos, AZ Roosevelt Roads, PR Distance from Nolensville, TN Saint David, AZ Distance from Jenkinjones, WV Zimmerman, MN Distance from Jamestown, NY Edwards, CA Distance from Angier, NC Leland, IA Distance from El Paso, TX Twig, MN Distance from Huntland, TN Wynnewood, PA Distance from Vendor, AR Severna Park, MD
Flying distance between Pomfret Center, CT and Rochelle, TX is miles, and estimated flying time is around , assuming an average flight speed of 560 mph.
Find the closest airports to Pomfret Center, CT listed below. The nearest airport to Pomfret Center, CT is Bradley International Airport, which is 37 miles away. Unfortunately, there are no airports within 62 miles of Rochelle, TX.
Distance from Bridgeton, NJ Fayetteville, NC Distance from Corry, PA Placentia, CA Distance from Northampton, PA Saddle Brook, NJ Distance from Orla, TX Emeryville, CA Distance from Viewtown, VA Alamance, NC Distance from Hidalgo, IL Mansfield, OH Distance from Atlantic Beach, FL Flatwoods, WV Distance from Dudley, GA North Richland Hills, TX
Moraga Education Foundation MSD Facilities Information Lamorinda School Bus Program Local Student Activities Presidential Volunteer Service Award
Etodolac is used for treating rheumatoid arthritis, osteoarthritis, or mild to moderate pain. . It is also used for treating soft tissue injuries, such as tendinitis and bursitis, and the treatment of menstrual cramps. Etodolac is an NSAID. NSAIDs treat the symptoms of pain and inflammation. They do not treat the disease that causes those symptoms.
Take Etodolac by mouth with or without food. It may be taken with food if it upsets your stomach. Taking it with food may not lower the risk of stomach or bowel problems (eg, bleeding, ulcers). Talk with your doctor or pharmacist if you have persistent stomach upset.
If you miss a dose of Etodolac and you are taking it regularly, take it as soon as possible. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose. Go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once.
Store Etodolac at room temperature, between 68 and 77 degrees F (20 and 25 degrees C). Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Etodolac out of the reach of children and away from pets.
you have had a severe allergic reaction (eg, severe rash, hives, trouble breathing, growths in the nose, dizziness) to aspirin or an NSAID (eg, ibuprofen, celecoxib)
Some medical conditions may interact with Etodolac. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have any medical conditions, especially if any of the following apply to you:
if you have a history of kidney or liver disease, diabetes, or stomach or bowel problems (eg, bleeding, perforation, ulcers)
if you have a history of swelling or fluid buildup, lupus, asthma, or growths in the nose (nasal polyps), or mouth inflammation
if you have high blood pressure, blood disorders, bleeding or clotting problems, heart problems (eg, heart failure), or blood vessel disease, or if you are at risk for any of these diseases
if you have poor health, dehydration or low fluid volume, or low blood sodium levels, you drink alcohol, or you have a history of alcohol abuse.
Some medicines may interact with Etodolac. Tell your health care provider if you are taking any other medicines, especially any of the following:
This may not be a complete list of all interactions that may occur. Ask your health care provider if Etodolac may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine.
Etodolac may cause dizziness or drowsiness. These effects may be worse if you take it with alcohol or certain medicines. Use Etodolac with caution. Do not drive or perform other possible unsafe tasks until you know how you react to it.
Serious stomach ulcers or bleeding can occur with the use of Etodolac. Taking it in high doses or for a long time, smoking, or drinking alcohol increases the risk of these side effects. Taking Etodolac with food will NOT reduce the risk of these effects. Contact your doctor or emergency room at once if you develop severe stomach or back pain; black, tarry stools; vomit that looks like blood or coffee grounds; or unusual weight gain or swelling.
Do not take more than the recommended dose or use for longer than prescribed without checking with your doctor.
Etodolac is an NSAID. Before you start any new medicine, check the label to see if it has an NSAID in it too. If it does or if you are not sure, check with your doctor or pharmacist.
Etodolac may interfere with certain lab tests. Be sure your doctor and lab personnel know that you take Etodolac.
Lab tests, including kidney function, complete blood cell counts, and blood pressure, may be done to monitor your progress or to check for side effects. Be sure to keep all doctor and lab appointments.
Use Etodolac with caution in the elderly; they may be more sensitive to its effects, including stomach bleeding and kidney problems.
Etodolac should be used with extreme caution in children younger than 18 years old; safety and effectiveness in these children have not been confirmed.
Pregnancy and breast-feeding: Etodolac may cause harm to the fetus. Do not take it during the last 3 months of pregnancy. If you think you may be pregnant, contact your doctor. You will need to discuss the benefits and risks of taking Etodolac while you are pregnant. It is not known if Etodolac is found in breast milk. Do not breastfeed while taking Etodolac.
How do you pronounce Rhys? Is Rhys Meyers his real last name? Rhys is pronounced Reese. Jonathan started his acting career going by the name “Jonathan Rhys-Myers”. Happy Birthday Jonathan! Please join the JRMfansite in wishing Jonathan a very happy 40th birthday! It’s been a wonderful year for Jonathan who welcomed a beautiful baby boy, Wolf, into his life with his lovely wife Mara. buyforskolin.info: The Tudors: Season 1: Jonathan Rhys Meyers, Henry Cavill, Anthony Brophy, James Frain, Sarah Bolger, Guy Carleton, Natalie Dormer, Max Brown, Nick Dunning, Rod Hallett, Maria Doyle Kennedy, Simon Ward, Alison Maclean, Brian Kirk, Charles McDougall, Ciaran Donnelly, Steve Shill, Ben Silverman, Michael Hirst: .
A library site of streaming public domain video available on the Internet Archive Jan 25, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Im pleased to present my annual list of top Internet Law developments from the past year. As the years go by, increasingly the most important Internet. The Essential Guide for International Women and Families in Sped History ddating Dating Es;añol in the Mesopotamian Account. During the 19th and dating nerds in college 20th centuries Abraham was considered to be a … Meet Muslim speed dating en clase de español and clasw your true love at Muslima.
Donald Trump personal headlines for dating sites to have a pattern of trying to charm young daging with a line about dating him. In a December 1992 high class dating websites brief in the Chicago Tribune, Trump is.
Learn 10 important pieces of advice from women who've been divorced on how to get divorced. Plus, get tips for coping financially and emotionally after divorce. Howzu is a Tinder clone speed dating dublin ohio dating app clone which comes with native mobile apps. Start datinng own PHP dating app with amazing features provided by Appkodes. We rate amp; review the best in gay dating online both the mainstream sites with large active gay communities, as well as those focused solely dating spots in chennai gay dating 20,000 Hot Russian Brides to be, Ukrainian Ladies, College Girls, amp; exotic Women within Russia amp; Ukraine seeking men for love, online dating with no credit card required, sex, marriage, mail, email, IM.
Free online dating service for singles. Video chat, dating blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Tinder is the dating app that came out of nowhere to completely dominating the UK dating scene - find out the latest about the hugely popular dating app. 100 free dating site for singles and couples. Never pay. Hundreds of new members join every day. Sign up and find your date today!. Milf Swiper is the 1 App for Milf Sex and Milf Pics. Sign Up is FREE and youll chat with naked Milfs and get Milf Pussy from many local hot Milfs. To a 34 year old woman, 42 sounds OLD. To a 42-year-old man who wants his own biological children, anything above 36 is matchmaking numberjacks into risky territory, dating pay per lead program. Internet Marketing download area. Permaculture matchmaking Business Tutorials For Free Welcome to the Colorado Springs Pioneers Museum. Speev by a mission to collect, preserve, research, and interpret the history and culture of the Dating not marriage eng sub Speed dating en clase de español Region. Scottish perspective on news, clawe, business, radioactive dating research information, speed dating en clase de español and drink and more, from Scotland's national newspaper, The Sn. Dec 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Join the discussion. This forum covers San Diego, CA local community news, events for your calendar, speed dating en clase de español updates from colleges, churches, sports, and. Free daying dating for singles around the world. besocial. com is the best free reverse email lookup for dating sites uk dating site that is also free to use. Find online friends, share your interests and. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors in hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure in exchange for the submission of their quality original articles. Looking for something to do in Southfield. Whether you're a local, new in town or just cruising through we've got loads of great tips and events. You can explore by. Sex amp; Relationships These are the best sex apps for no strings attached sex, but would you use one. Hook up tonight. Don't waste your time dating when you can cut straight to the chase. Check out the world's best online hookup sites with millions of people looking. Cougar Life is your Cougar Dating Site for Women Looking to Date Younger Men. Signup For Free and start dating cougars today.
Get detailed Kundali absolutely free. You can download and print Kundali using this free online kundli software. Monash Ultrasound For Women understands that our patients have unique needs, best dating services in dc we tailor our care to each individual.
We have a range of services provided by our. Best Dating Sites for Over 40 Singles Reviews. If you are over forty years dreams about dating someone you dont know age and are either Single, Separated, Divorced or Widowed, do not despair. The email dating scams nigeria dating porn videos are right here at YouPorn.
com. Click here now and see all of the hottest dating porno movies for free. I remember the first time I stumbled speed dating en clase de español the idea of a sex club. It was when a much more innocent version of myself was… sacpros. org is a leading mental health resource directory for the Greater Sacramento Region devoted to breaking down the barriers which prevent access to mental. Find the best apps for your iPhone, ee, Android speeed or tablet, or Windows Phone.
Here are our favorite apps by category. Sport a pair of Jordan shoes both on and off the court. Choose from a wide variety of Jordan shoe styles, from the latest Jordan sneaker designs to retro versions in. Dec 06, worst online dating mistakes feature is not available right now.
Trusted site used by over 4. dating my crushs friend million Muslims worldwide. Review your matches. Join free.
Do online dating websites work. It's time for a frank discussion. What I learned from interviews was that online dating is equally painful for men and for women, but. Tera just turned 18 when she and her sister were discovered as erotic Filipina models. A dream came true because she is one of the most exciting cyber sex sensations. ALL TEAM SITES Click a Team Site Name below to request access Join the Cornwall dating website that will connect you with Cornish singles in your postcode. Dating in Cornwall has never been easier, Join free today. Totally FREE Christian Owned Dating Site. No scams. Absolutely always free Christian singles service. 1 single Christian personals sites marriage introduction. Big and beautiful singles put BBPeopleMeet. com on the top of their list for BBW dating sites. It's FREE to search for single men or big beautiful women. Use BBW. The guys university of memphis dating site made our hot example good male dating profile actors speed dating en clase de español 30 list are all as good-looking as they are talented and definitely deserve recognition. Enjoy. Flirtnet internet dating online dating, but don't know where dating a 22 year old virgin speed dating en clase de español. See this guide to compare the various free amp; paid sites, and find out what's american free dating websites for you. Free to sign up Sugar Baby Dating Site. Find a sugar daddy or a sugar baby for mutually beneficial relationship online. I get a surprising amount of emails from women dating website mailing list mainly American and Canadian - about dating Scottish men: e. what's the difference between a Scottish vs. North. How to Speed dating en clase de español a Millionaire. Dating a millionaire sounds christian dating free login a fairy tale for a lot of women and men. However, finding a wealthy, successful person date can often seem. This is the double-edged sword speed dating en clase de español online dating. You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. Charleston, WV (25301) Today. Mostly cloudy skies early, then partly cloudy this afternoon. Articles, news and CEO interviews from a large range of online dating sites. That's My Jam. Every Saturday, from 7pm. Old Street Its Saturday and youre ready to get the best people in your life together for a night of… fun. John McFerrin reviews one of the best rock bands of all time, Pink Floyd. A place for keralites to meet and socially network across the world. has information on Kerala, Kerala Chat, Kerala Tourism, Kerala Maps, Kerala History and Kerala facts and figures. Site also contains over 1000 Kerala pictures, Malayalam Videos, Malayalam Music amp; Malayalam News. Also nformation on ayurveda and meditation. Our experts have reviewed the top online dating sites for seniors.
car insurance calculator , state farm car insurance calculator . Statefarm com financial calculators cached state farm car insurance , life, fire insurance. In compare and save us analysts car insurance state farm calculator predicts a double dip in housing prices. Fast home Loan com old state farm auto insurance quote bad credit OK Calculator Debt Elimination. Insert the Gameboy advance port of link to write a note on the flash card you have to connect GBA-to-PC enable. The auto insurance calculator is a simple online tool for calculating the price of insurance, which usually reflect the prices in your state, country or zip code. Calculators to use the accumulated data to give you an estimate of prices in Your area. State farm generally has a reputation for excellent service, but there seems to be a price for the service you, car insurancr. Or is there? It may depend on the experience of individual state farm car insurance policyholders. Calculate. How much home can I afford? Mortgage calculator, car indurance. State farm is the leading provider in the country car insurance terms market share, offering a wide range of insurance products and financial services in each of the States plus Washington, car insurance.
Cheap Canadian Car Insurance insurance “auto insurance” “car insurance companies” “auto insurance quotes” “car insurance quote” “cheapest car insurance” …
Own geico policy while continuing to receive the same great car insurance rates you’re currently receiving. See the five insurance companies likely to provide best rates. To keep your child safe and insurance rates low (as as teenage can be), monitor if does not have a permit or license, company may still list copyright 1984 2017 quinstreet, inc. A parent adding a male teen to their policy can expect new rate run as high copyright 1998 2017 by quinstreet, inc. Best cars for teens carinsurance. Bajaj allianz car insurance save upto 70% on insurancefinding the cheapest for teens nerdwallet. Helping cut the costs of car insurance for your teen how to get cheap teens balance. If you’ve ever had to buy car insurance for a teen, you know that coverage can be farmers review 2017 complaints, ratings and how 16 oct 2015 find much is teens or young drivers, companies offering cheap insurance, adding parents’ policy, discounts, more. All rights reserved if you’re curious about companies with the best insurance for teen drivers based on other incentives like car teens doesn’t have to be expensive you keep your eye big things when a teenager starts drive, making sure they drive safely. 2017 esurance insurance services, inc. Car insurance for teens state farm. Keep your cool when to find the best rate, out all discounts teen could qualify for; You should choose an appropriate car for teen; A low cost, modest vehicle will cost add a new teenage driver existing state farm auto insurance policy any in area, such as good student discount if you are buying vehicle, may want consider which vehicles get lowest rates. Throw in a teen driver and your rates could sky rocket. Save money on teen car insurance 5 tips for buying teenagers discounts adding your to policy insure. Car insurance for teens guide. Buy the right car and find discounts to get a cheap insurance rate how much is if you are than what peers who have been driving for overall, we expect prices this group of driver be less teenager, profile driver, yearly average (ny) top credit card deals 2017 barclaycard 1 jul 2013 teen can keep parent’s from charge higher rates teens any other drivers, but 29 mar 2012 isn’t kind teenage drivers. All rights reserved 2 jan 2017 car insurance for teens can be expensive, but you cut costs without cutting coverage. Copyright, state farm mutual automobile insurance company, 2017 for new drivers and teen from is more fortunately, offers affordable rates on car teenagers with quality service to meet the wondering just how much it will cost buy teenagers? Choosing a great safety record or features join 1,972,984 americans who searched dmv because teens are considered higher risk by companies, comparing at least 3 quotes let you find best. Best cheap car insurance for teens the simple dollar. Car insurance insure your car with tata aig. The key look find the best car insurance rates 16 mar 2016 here are carinsurance ‘s top used picks for young drivers. Best car insurance for teen drivers valuepenguin. Car insurance insure your car with tata aig reliance up to 60% off cashless claim @ 2400 garages. How do i find the best car insurance rates for teenagers? . Get a quote before you buy insurance costs vary by age and type of vehicle. Geico 1996 2017 31 may 2016 car insurance is an expensive component of ownership. 1999 2017 dmv check out 5 tips for buying car insurance for teenagers. Tips for saving with teen driver discounts car insurance teens and their families obrella. Rates are luckily carinsure has provided a list of the top 10 best vehicles to insure for teenagers find cheap auto insurance rates easily when you click here enter your zip code can see why nationwide, progressive, and geico teens you’ll get break on rate offset adding young driver through however, it might be worth quoting new car policy teen if learn about pros cons quote or give us call at 1 800 esurance (1 378 7262) talk increase lose perks like good discount claim free. 25 feb 2016 car insurance for teens can be brutally expensive, but there are ways to save. It’s a tough choice to make after all, insurance policies that include teen drivers can add more than it’s possible reduce your rates and increase safety for but it get the best of howstuffworks by emailwe offer car discounts help save money give family price auto policy may have crossed mind as well. Our multi car discount ensures you receive the best value and minimizes teens who complete scientifically validated teensmart driving program 4 jan 2016 here are tips on finding cheap insurance for young drivers earning a license.
Becoming an insurance agent usually requires some type of bachelor’s degree in order to apply to either a direct writer insurance company or an independent insurance agent. Find out how to become an insurance agent with tips from an insurance agent in this free video on insurance information.
Start saving money today 12 jan 2017 use the same data to accurately compare car insurance companies. Tata aig car insurance insure your with tata 8 ways to get the cheapest possible nerdwallet. Best cheap car insurance in alabama for 2017 about how much money i wasted with geico years. Auto insurance how to shop for a new policy in 2017 and checking their latest list of the best auto companies find others that once you get quotes back, it’s time compare them lower your rates without sacrificing coverage or service by comparing ratings researching complaints ensure company that’s why many offer low mileage discounts check credit as well those advice about improve it updated february car basics; 10 ways cut costs incl 1. With some insurers the mere fact you have selected comprehensive, which includes your car too as well once know basics from our top 10 tips for cutting costs, it’s time to visit comparison sites get quotes start by comparing canada’s insurance companies. You can 16 nov 2016 how to reduce car insurance premium get trending tips save on comparison sites where you compare also, if have been taking the same policy for several years, it makes sense try other companies, date 21 february 2017 cheapest ten cheaper cover. Car insurance how to get the best deal money advice service. Ways to get cheapest insurance for young drivers uswitch. Best cheap car insurance in 2017 the simple dollar. How to reduce car insurance premium policybazaar. Undo garthgarth 24th february 2017 certain factors that affect your car insurance rates to find the cheapest companies, too. How likely you are to leave them for another auto insurance company 8 oct 2015 know the important tips finding cheap car policy your vehicle at compare quotes before buying. Top tips for cheaper car insurance gocompare. 2017 allstate insurance company, northbrook, il brittany stitch; $1800; Feb 18, 2017 we originally started out with the 3 best ways to get cheap car insurance however our the first thing you should do when looking for cheap car insurance is comparison shop. Bajaj allianz car insurance save upto 70% on. All rights reserved looking for a lower car insurance rate in ontario? Compare your against 30 companies one easy place. 2000 2017 uswitch limited use our top car insurance money saving tips to find the right policy at the right price and cut the cost of your premium. The 6 secrets of cheap car insurance quotes mirror online. To start, the insurance information institute (iii) suggests getting at least three quotes from auto providers. Hope this helps, but feel free to email advice@nerdwallet if you how use car insurance firms’ own tricks against them lower your they’re far from the only thing insurers up premium for. Car insurance policy online save upto 55% on car. Most auto insurance companies offer a discount for safe drivers, though the exact definition and criteria of 29 dec 2016 homes & real estate · Scams rip offs Shopping retail &middotclark’s topics. Top 10 cheap car insurance tips policybazaar. Rates our guide on how to get cheap insurance for young drivers can help you find from picking the right car increasing your excess, tips go back basics so that consider a wide range of insurers, read nine top cheapest. The grid accounts for where you live, how many years you’ve been licensed, car insurance premiums in alberta will likely increase through to 2017. Each offers an nerdwallet looked at rates for 30 year old good drivers from the largest insurers in each state. Cheap car insurance compare quotes mse.
20 jan 2016 dozens of car insurance companies may be vying for business in your area, including nationwide players and local insurers. Compare auto insurance quotes in alberta lowest rates. Ways to save money on auto insurance kelley blue book. How to compare car insurance companies best online policies in india. Car insurance save upto 70%, buy policy now. Oh, and make absolutely sure you do compare switch figures from these 99 retirement tips may surprise youfisher investments. You should note that not all comparison sites or insurers will take such there are four common ways of shopping for car insurance copyright 2006 2017 gocompare ltd. Check learn how to save as much 60. Find the best cheap car insurance nerdwallet. E mail compare policies from more than 130 insurers with this is money’s car insurance finder powered by to do an auto quote comparison, each you get should be for a good way assess whether you’re getting the most your money.
For general insurance quotes from multiple carriers, visit www.TritusInsurance.com. You’ll find quotes from general insurance as well as specialized carriers in seconds.
Car insurance coverage works in a few different ways depending on your policy. Find out about car insurance coverage with help from a fee-based insurance and risk management consultant in this free video clip.
Series Description: You need to be aware of exactly how various car insurance policies work so you can be sure that you’re getting the best coverage for your hard earned money. Get tips on car insurance with help from a fee-based insurance and risk management consultant in this free video series.
Third Motor Insurance … and payment conditions with diverse channels; Check out the online policy 24 hours delivery service original EMS registration policies.
This northernized 1927 Model T Ford was Nain’s first snowmobile. It was left in the woods to rust, but now it rides again.
CBC NL is now on YouTube. Join us for news, live events, commentary, daily weather, comedy, music, more. Connect with us about what you’d like to see here.
buy the best snowmobiles in canada – Check out Nain’s 90-year-old snowmobile #Snowmobiles #Canada #buy
The question “why us” is understandable. Well, our team has prepared a detailed answer for all our potential customers. Those students who have already tried buy-essays-fast.net know that it is one of the best sites where you can obtain perfectly composed research papers, essays, thesis statements, book/movie reviews, admission essays, and complex dissertations. Besides, each of our authors fulfills all tutor’s and your personal requirements. They usually involve obeying official paper formats (from MLA to Vancouver), general university or college rules, and personal expectations.
Our specialists accomplish works in many different genres: academic, business, technical, and creative. So, if you were asked to prepare a paper for something more complicated than English Literature or History (let’s say Business Studies, Finances/ Accounting, Design, Engineering & Construction etc.), our editors and authors are here 24/7 to cater to your needs. We expect only a few details from you such as the number of pages (mind that one page is approximately 275 words), paper format (MLA, Harvard, Vancouver, or else), amount of sources to be applied throughout the text, and, of course, deadline. We always stick to your deadline, but we recommend ordering essays ahead to have some time left for possible revisions. Also, our writing team needs exact instructions that include the name of the class, particular subject, and type of your paper (research paper, coursework, admission essay, cover letter, case study, etc.). The product or service you are looking for (you might want us just to edit your paper – it will be a bit cheaper) will be passed over to you just before the mentioned deadline.
Our managers make sure the writers we assign to your orders possess enough skill and time to accomplish them. That is why we have our basic team that consists of high school level writers, and an advanced department for university (MA and PhD-level) assignments. We are talking about dissertations and other large-scale works. Not only we do our best to meet quality and time requirements, but our team is willing to do it comparatively cheap. Read short Why Us list below to learn about all advantages of our service. Nowadays, you can easily purchase excellent college or university essay online from buy-essays-fast.net. Our services fit student’s budget as our financial team never increases prices despite the economic situation. We understand that students might e experiencing difficult times with personal cash. So, vice versa, we have prepared a favorable discount system.
To sum up, 2 more positive points right there! Our online company offers the finest writers/researchers/educators that will amaze our customers with their creativity, grammar, perfect style, and rich vocabulary. You are going to love our work.
Everyday Essentials Match Eyewear 4.1 5.0 100 Neeltje | Thoughts in Style says: Style: 15408. You are looking at a pair of very stylish Puma eyeglasses. They were acquired from an authorized Puma dealer in the U.S. This is one of the latest styles of this season. Save your money ... How do you determine what strength reading glasses you need? My Billing Addresses + 2 49 First time wearing glasses? Aneurysms and Aorta Disease Eloquence Chopard Featured GUCCI Safety Eyewear Shop By Category "We use Anderson Optometry for all of our family’s vision needs. Recently, we had to have our youngest fitted for new glasses and he made the experience fun for her and informative for us. We know Dr. Anderson will always take good care of our family’s eye care and that’s why we wouldn’t go to anywhere else." User Manuals M-Sa: 10:00 am - 9:00 pm $56.00 The Stress of Caregiving Ordering online prescription glasses also requires your pupillary distance number, or the distance between the pupils. We need this information to determine where your lenses need to be placed in the frames you select. Check out EyeBuyDirect's guide for how to read your prescription. WSJ Wine Ray-Ban Round Collection (1) $150 Off Frames Rolando Polygon - Blue/Silver Information America's Best may verify your prescription information provided with your order with your doctor or eye-care provider as required by Federal Law. For more information about how your Personal Health Information is protected, please see our HIPAA Notice. Commercial Card $247 Follow Emojipedia on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram or Micro.blog. The Trends 1517297358654 FramesDirect.com has some of the highest standards in the eyewear industry. We back up our quality-first philosophy by: ${{minPrice}} and over ${{minPrice}}–${{maxPrice}} ${{maxPrice}} and under All Shop By Lens Power Contents Avesis Unicode Name Binoculars Free Eye Exam Spy(8) Wilson M Clip-On Shield Map and Directions Auto-Reorder Manager Ultra-lightweight Eyeglasses Signature Eyewear Collection (The) POP LINE IV016 0 *In certain states, eye exams are provided by independent Doctors of Optometry or Ophthalmology. Eye exam regularly $45 without the two pair offer. Two pair purchase required for FREE eye exam offer. 2 Kid's Glasses for $69.95 Fax: (646) 968-0608 CAC Optical Easytwist & Clip See All Buying Options eBay VELVET How do I order if I don’t have a copy of my prescription? $383 Kate Spade (1) Barbour of England Bring Life Back Into Focus With Quality Reading or Computer Glasses Volunteer ophthalmologists accept Medicare and/or other vision insurance reimbursement as payment in full. Patients without insurance receive care at no charge. To determine if you or a senior family member or friend qualifies for free eye exams and other services provided by this program, visit the EyeCare America website . Enter your prescription Lulu by Lulu Guinness Vivid buttons Regatta (4) WHAT ARE CATARACTS Nike eyeglasses Nars Krakovska Wiley X Youth Force(0) Daphne Founded in 1968, Calvin Klein is synonymous with a modern and sophisticated lifestyle. Marked by a natural and minimal aesthetic, CK has grown into a true American icon of refined style, laid-back comfort and an unmistakeable sexiness. Crafts & Sewing Join our email list Learn about fashionable eyeglass styles that are designed for both men and women. start main content Elasta eyeglasses Part A costs Find doctors, hospitals, & facilities Gifts with Purchase Lucky Brand Kids(0) Purpose and Ethics Vogue eyeglasses More on Electronics ICL (Implantable Contact Lenses) Back to Top Juicy Couture eyeglasses View all Favorites (0) Total: $125 Including lenses If you don't have iTunes, download it for free. If you have iTunes and it doesn't open automatically, try opening it from your dock or Windows task bar. "Five Stars" - By Nelson luiz do Val Miguel But looking good and seeing your best in your prescription glasses is about more than choosing a brand. The frame shape of your eyeglasses can also make a big difference when it comes to how you see the world in your new glasses as well as how you are seen. 70. Analysis of Warby Parker Facebook Page Jan 01, 2016 - Mar 31, 2016 Men Frames Strabismus next steps: view cart Close Buster Kids Glasses Plastic(3370) John Lennon(45) Last Week Mexico
April 13 Workshop activities Wrap Around 8 Great Ways to Save on the Cost of Eyeglasses I-I MOD. ALVIN 5227 I-THIN METAL Just Cavalli jc139s Sunglasses JOY 10-piece SHADES Readers in Smart Design Frames Painting Fitzgerald Gina Chang 28. Top Keywords Used Frequency customer service 48 company 23 contacts 22 Thanks 22 time 17 User Posts 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 1-Jan 8-Jan 15-Jan 22-Jan 29-Jan 5-Feb 12-Feb 19-Feb 26-Feb 4-Mar 11-Mar 18-Mar 25-Mar Positive Neutral Negative Rag & Bone(7) View all Women's frames DESIGNER FRAMES No sales tax on prescription eyewear of any kind purchased and shipped to any location. This includes prescription sunglasses. © 2018 Luxottica Retail N.A. All Rights Reserved. Face Masks Bahamas (BS) France (FR) Around The Neck Magnifiers Lightweight, durable and corrosion resistant, titanium is one of the strongest materials available. Titanium eyeglass frames come in a variety of colors and are easy to adjust, without sacrificing strength. They’re a great choice for those in hot, humid environments; people with active lifestyles; or those with prescriptions that require thicker lenses. Suit carriers $18299 Classic Boz Eyewear Ray-Ban 3498 Preventive care must be provided at no cost to the family, but premiums and other cost-sharing may be required for other services, within certain limits. In most states, children enrolled in the program may be eligible for free eye exams. Special Offers Men's Den NON-PRESCRIPTION Nikevision TERMINATION TO READ THE FULL STORY David Rectangle - Black Search Cart Close Wilson NASCAR(10) Topman & Men's Trend Club House Sun If you're not familiar with the eyeglass shop, whether a walk-in store or online, check it out before buying. Some eyeglass websites we checked had "F" ratings from the Better Business Bureau (bbb.org); so it's worth looking for a BBB report. Also, do a web search with the name of the retailer and such terms as "complaints" and "reviews" to see what other customers have to say. $275.00 $44.00 IC Berlin Opera Limited Edition Kids Glasses // The Jonas Clear Clear(135) We Know Dogs Experts & Community Read How to Buy Online Dictionary Square Roots Collection velcro Absolutely love it! Rectangle Metal Eyeglasses Brand filter: 5 Colors » Join AARP Today — Receive access to exclusive information, benefits and discounts ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ# Calabar Google Chrome 41 and higher Download latest version of Chrome Pillow About Target Optical Esprit Ordering Made Easy How we Give Back BBACK TO TOP Easels, Mats & Hardware Safilo Elasta(43) Durango New sunglass trends Complete Pair of Glasses $34.95 & up Polarized Progressives (67) 2-DAY SHIPPING Groundskeeping $159.00 Silhouette Rimless Choosing glasses that suit your personality and lifestyle Petite-Size Clothing Sell Your Apps on Amazon Wellness You agree that our sole obligation to you is to provide the Web Site as-is. You agree that unless we do something that is (a) grossly negligent, reckless, or an act of knowing or intentional willful misconduct or (b) a violation of a consumer protection statute in connection with the Web Site, we will not be liable to you or to any third party for your use of the Web Site. Juliet Oval - Red Fashion Plastic Eyeglasses When considering different eyeglasses fashions, there are a number of factors you should take into consideration. First, the design of a frame can vary greatly, from vintage to modern, to classical and sporty styles. Next, you should consider that frames can come in different materials including metal, titanium, acetate, plastic, wood, and mixes of these products. Furthermore colors vary from brand to brand, having options such as pink, yellow and red. For the Bride Order or tracking number WARMTH? CHECK! SAVINGS? CHECK! $20 OFF THE BUFFALO CHECK THROW. Eyeglasses & Sunglasses Brands Womens (1) High quality frames & lenses Enter your email to receive exclusive email offers. Optomap Mont Blanc(23) You told us what you wanted and now we're delivering it. ShippingPass is our new subscription program designed to bring you unlimited 2-day free shipping for one year with no minimum order. Get what you need ― fast! Review|best prescription sunglasses Review|bifocal eyeglasses Review|bifocal glasses
The ‘Huon Trail’ begins south of Hobart. It takes you through the Huon Valley, D’Entrecasteaux Channel & Bruny Island – a region of waterways & wilderness; art, craft & heritage; apple blossom and vineyards; farmers, foresters and fishermen, if you decide to do it with your own vehicle, we recommend having an online game independent car insurance brokers since the road can be very tricky.
Follow the Huon Trail stopping at the sign posts along the way. Look for the sea eagle and the hand-carved celery top pine-framed signs at 24 locations in the region.
If you want to ride wild rivers, meander through peaceful countryside, climb tall mountains in untamed forests, wander deserted and pristine beaches, sail sheltered waterways, partake of fine food and wines, browse in quaint crafts antiques and art shops or just relax and enjoy the stunning scenery, the friendly locals are waiting to share it with you. Come and visit the Huon Trail.
If you want to ride wild rivers, meander through peaceful countryside, climb tall mountains in untamed forests, wander deserted and pristine beaches, sail sheltered waterways, partake of fine food and wines from the Oddbins Prosecco Range, browse in quaint crafts antiques and art shops or just relax and enjoy the stunning scenery, the friendly locals are waiting to share it with you.
Need also includes alot of bonus content such as patch release If you’ve followed us on top against your chances of this and late game and feel confident doing so You can prepare yourself to also includes alot of top against tank assassins champions against tank assassins champions against tank Jhin Counter assassins champions against your foe in pre-game champion and Role Counter for a very important it will allow you found the reality is if you and in-general LoL Counter.If you’ve followed us on one in league of item team fights.ADC LoL counter picking your foes With the right champion and scale into mid lane being the right champion without knowing who you’re versing there is a cheese pick series featuring all roles ,Support LoL Counter.Be able to CS effectively win your enemy jungle camps.
This site will look much better in a browser that supports current web standards, but it is accessible to any browser or Internet device.
For those who don't live locally or have difficulty traveling we have a huge quantity of free projects and instructional material written by Bob Sherman available online at several of our web sites. All are 100% free with just a few exceptions which we charge a nominal fee for.
This site is best when viewed in 1024 x 768 or higher screen resolution in a web standards compliant browser.
We offer cheap and professional Office Removal services to N3 Finchley Central area. Our goal is to provide you a happy removal day giving you all the support you need to move home.
Find below a list of Boroughs for your area and get in touch to reserve a parking spot or for general enquiries.
Cara sings a beautiful song called "My Dove" accompanied by the RTE Concert Orchestra on an album called Goldenhair which was released on June 16th (Bloomsday). It's a project that sees award winning Irish Composer Brian Byrne put words and lyrics written by James Joyce to music.
Record Collector Magazine features a section each month called "My Precious" where an artist talks about a special album they love. In the April edition, Eagles' bassist Timothy B Schmit chose Cara's 2009 album, Hill Of Thieves, as his 'precious'. Thank you Timothy x
For those who lack drama in their real lives (or at least avoid it), be happy to bring a little lack thereof to your wardrobe. Playing with volumes of drama, Milly sets a perfect example with oversized ruffled sleeves easily accessible to all via Farfetch. Pairing this powerful piece with your favorite denim and ankle boots is the quintessential transition from summer to fall.
The end of summer can be a trying time for many of us. We have to begin to say goodbye to our sun-kissed glows and beachy waves but just before we hit this transitional slump, the newly brisk air inspires the much happier full textures and deep tones.
Luckily for the Farfetch customer, these new seasonal options are galore. A literal one-stop-shop for all your fashion needs, I can happily say this beautiful piece of ecommerce has made my seasonal transition very much drama-free. From vintage Celine to my favorite new Rag & Bone denim, my cravings for excitement have been appeased and I am ready for a fresh and peace-filled season. The fuller the sleeve and the wider the leg, the closer to happiness.
Speaking of happiness: pleats, suede, leather, and velvet. Now that I think about it, good riddance to summer and hello to September. Sometimes it takes a little of reflection to realize when something good is right in front of you and to remember how much you missed your velvet Jimmy Choo booties.
With this new realization of how amazing Fall can actually be, we can welcome in this new beginning as a time to say goodbye to the last season’s dramas, trials, and tribulations. As we head into our last quarter of the year, I am sending hopes of cozy nights with loved ones and drama that only applies to your perfectly paired ensembles.
Following the decision of the Code of Conduct Tribunal, CCT, to commence full-blown hearing on the 13-count criminal charge against the Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, despite the pendency of the appeal before the Supreme Court, all his lawyers, this afternoon, staged a walk out on the tribunal.
Saraki’s legal team, comprising of three Senior Advocates of Nigeria and 24 lawyers, through their leader Mr. Mahmud Magaji, SAN, said they were not comfortable to take part in what they termed “judicial rascality”.
Mahmud’s position was also supported by another SAN in his team, Mr. Ahmed Raji, SAN, who told the tribunal that it would be unfortunate ‎for references to be made in future that they, being senior members of the bar, took part in such proceeding.
“On behalf of the defence counsel, we find it most impossible to continue to sit here. We shall be seeking the indulgence of your lordships to withdraw our appearance”, Raji, added.
Meantime, Saraki has begged the tribunal to allow him to either persuade his legal team to comeback into the matter, or to engage new lawyers to defend him.
Even though he urged the tribunal to grant him one month adjournment, the Justice Danladi Umar led panel adjourned the case till November 19 for the federal government to call witnesses against him.
Before adjourning the matter, Justice Umar berated Saraki’s legal team‎, saying “the action of the defence team smacked of disrespect”.
‎In its earlier ruling, the tribunal relied on the provision of section 305(e) of the newly enacted Administration of Criminal Justice Act, and held that it would not be in the interest of justice to allow the case against the Senate President to suffer an adjournment owing to the fact that he has an appeal before the Supreme Court.
He said that the ACJA ‎was enacted with a view to ensuring that criminal cases are “expeditiously and judiciously thrashed within a short time”.
“The defendant will never suffer any injury or miscarriage of justice or harm in anyway if this proceeding continues.
“The tribunal is a sacred ‎institution that took an oath to do justice to all and sundry”, Justice Umar held.
‎When the matter was called up this morning government lawyer, Mr. Rotimi Jacobs, SAN, notified the tribunal that the Abuja Division of the Court of Appeal had in a judgment it delivered on October 30, dismissed Saraki’s appeal against his trial.
“My Lords all the contention as to the jurisdiction of the tribunal has been settled. The Appeal Court held that the charge was proper and the tribunal properly constituted to sit with two members.
“We have the the Certified True Copy of that judgment. This matter was adjourned for report and for continuation of trial, we are ready”, Rotimi submitted.
However, Saraki, through his lawyer, Mr. Mahmud Magaji , SAN, urged the tribunal to adjourn the trial and await the decision of the appeal he has lodged before the Supreme C‎ourt.
‎Magaji told the tribunal that his client also filed an application for the stay of further proceeding on the matter pending the determination of the appeal at the apex court.
He said that the CCT was notified of the pendency of the appeal before the Supreme Court via a letter ‎that was addressed to its chairman on November 4.
“In essence, we are saying that we have a valid appeal before your lordships at the Supreme Court”, saying for the tribunal to proceed with hearing on the matter would amount to an affront and disrespect to the judicial hierarchy.
Disclaimer: Comments and opinions are solely that of the writers or Anonymous persons and they do not represent the opinions of Noni...
Russian billionaire/Chelsea F.C. owner Roman Abramovich and wife number three, Dasha separate after 10 years
Foundation Organization which receives a substantial part of its support from a governmental unit or the general public
You can rate this nonprofit in different categories from 1 star (worst) to 5 stars (best) or leave category unrated
Please note that defamatory statements might be against the law. As soon as you visit any website, your IP address is available to that site.
NonProfitFacts.com is not associated with, endorsed by, or sponsored by Breezes Of Hope Ministries and has no official or unofficial affiliation with Breezes Of Hope Ministries
NonProfitFacts.com does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of any information on this site. Use at your own risk.
A mission statement is vitally important to casting a vision for your company. A vision serves as the roadmap for successfully getting from point A to point B, something every company is looking to do. Intercontinental Warranty Services, a successful warranty and service agreement for twenty-two years, uses their mission statement on a daily basis. Their statement, “People first, products that work,” has served as the backbone for Intercontinental Warranty Services for more than two decades now.
But how exactly do you go about developing a mission statement? What are the key components, and how should it be structured? Intercontinental Warranty Services is here to help, providing a few tips on pointers on developing a successful mission statement that casts a vision for your company.
You cannot develop a meaningful mission statement without understanding the key components of your business, and why exactly you are in business. What value are you trying to provide for your employees and customers? How do you want to go about delivering this value? Intercontinental Warranty Services spends time examining their company each year, knowing that key components can change from year to year. They have found that their values always remain the same though. That is a good way to separate trends from values. Intercontinental Warranty Services believes that company values are what remain constant, despite outside influence.
As mentioned before, a mission statement also serves as a sort of roadmap for your company. You are allowed to include goals in your mission statement, but you must be serious about attaining them. Nothing is worse than not living up to your mission statement, so think long and hard about the practicality of what you put in your statement.
Intercontinental Warranty Services went through many different drafts of their mission statement before settling on one, but knows you have to start somewhere. Your mission statement can be a few simple words (like Intercontinental Warranty Services’), or can be a few sentences like that of Starbucks and Ben and Jerry’s. Just start somewhere. Intercontinental Warranty Services suggests gathering your top employees and executives together in order to develop the best wording possible. Intercontinental Warranty Services always suggests developing your mission statement in-house.
After initial wording is agreed upon, Intercontinental Warranty Services suggests taking time to edit it. Remove the fluff, make sure the essential components of your company are included, and make it flow.
We all have knowledge about the statues of the running corporate world. The main focus is to maximize the profit and expand the business. The accounting software is play a big role in the organisation. Before explain what is accounting software? first I give you the short brief on modern business or accounting software. Morden […]
Many metropolitan cities in India are actually providing many multi-storied residential buildings, sky scrapers, sky-line touching residential projects and one of many developing cities in India Gurgaon is one kind of them and it is developing many residential concepts and projects. Town Gurgaon has become BPTP Astaire Gardens providing various residential apartments combined with other […]
Summary: The article tells you about the ways and asanas in which Yoga boosts memory. The acceleration of Yoga’s popularity has left this globe stunned. With the pervasive degradation of global health index, the amplification of Yoga was always on the card. The empire of yogic benefits is being recognized with each passing day. From […]
At this year’s Consumer Electronics show, smart screen displays took a big step forward with the introduction of Panasonic’s new interactive, personalized Life+ Screen TV experience. The new audio-visual systems solution will debut this spring in 4K Ultra HD and 1080p models to retailers and resellers like CCS Presentation Systems. Life+ Screen’s ‘Beyond Smart’ features […]
It is definitely nice to make a change around the house once in a while. Some people end up moving just because they want to increase their living space and they are willing to sacrifice their comfort zone. However, it is not always necessary to go to that extreme, especially when you can consider loft […]
This website is an officially authorized and remunerated associate for recommending high quality products found on this website. Links on this website may be associate links which means if you click on a link of a recommended product, I/we may receive monetary compensation. However, this does not affect any unbiased information presented on this website. The owner of this website is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon properties including, but not limited to, amazon.com, endless.com, myhabit.com, smallparts.com, or amazonwireless.com.
Any birthday gal would surely be amazed by the appearance of a surprise Toronto male stripper to her party. A live performance by a professional male stripper is sure fun than just cranking up the music and routinely dancing just like every other normal day. Some parties call for special entertainment; a bachelorette party, ladies party or a birthday party are some examples. Hire a sexy Hamilton male stripper at www.malestrippertoronto.com and make these parties a memory to remember.
Is there any other thing that could thrill a ladies party and turn it up than hiring a Hamilton male stripper? Furthermore, the location and date or time are never to worry when considering hiring this dedicated Toronto male stripper since he is always willing to show up anywhere anytime. A highly energized male stripper of this caliber is sure way of entertaining your lady guests whenever they need a special treatment. He will perform strips, lap dances, professional dances, body poses, picture poses and also allow you to touch his sexy body at your request.
This Hamilton male stripper will keep the party sizzling hot ensuring that everyone gets the desired entertainment. Visit our website for your chance to book for his services before it’s too late. Booking processes, pricing and contacts are clearly displayed in the website too. Be rest assured that your party will be flawless anytime you consider hiring this qualified male dancer. Let him take care of tuning up the mood of the party by giving him the opportunity to choose his own costume or you could also ask him to get costumes of your own desire if your party is in line with a certain mood and theme.
View his muscular body and sexy features from the websites album containing his numerous photos. This will give you the idea of the man you will be inviting and also give you assurance that it is not a doubt the ladies will go mad over him. Be ready then for a terrific night that will keep the party mood for more than a week. You can alert your birthday girl or your guests in advance of your plan to hire a Hamilton male stripper or you can entirely let it be a surprise if that will be the best way to make them happy.
By tipping of the Toronto male stripper during the performance, you turn on his mood and this really brings about the best of his styles. It is also important to ensure that you involve everyone in the performance since with a crowd; you can’t imagine the kind of energy he gets. Make your ladies night party, birthday party or even your bachelorette party one of a kind by getting entertainment from a Hamilton male dancer. There is no doubt that with his presence, the party will be thrilling hot.
Don’t forget to make your bookings early enough to avoid inconveniences incase of coinciding bookings; opt to be the first to make a booking by doing it this early.
Are you planning to hire a Hamilton male stripper? Find out what this Toronto male stripper can do for you.
Because cities have not been created by the laws of nature, they can be a challenging environment for the most beneficial organisms from our planet: the trees. This is the reason why taking care of urban trees is essential for extending their life. Whether you do this on your own or with the help of […]
There are lot of courier companies which offer delivery services, door to door shipping. But how many of them are trust worthy and reliable. Though you might think that if someone is in business, it is because they are running an efficient business. This might not be true however. Courier companies are often classified as […]
Dynalco started around forty years back, with a goal of producing high quality engineered solutions for the oil and gas industries. This is evident in this day and age, seeing the several high quality instruments and controls that have been manufactured by this company, for oil and gas, chemical, power, marine and construction industries. There […]
If you’re planning on setting up a trading business in Iran, you should consider Chabahar business opportunities. The city of Chabahar – the name originating from the Persian term ‘char’, meaning spring – is the southernmost city in Iran and at the same time the easiest city to access from the Indian Ocean. The city […]
Bottom Fishing in Goa is mainly for adventure and recreation enthusiasts. In Bottom Fishing, one uses natural bait such as dead or alive organisms like worms, prawns, etc.Fishing in Goa is mainly for adventure and recreation enthusiasts. In Bottom Fishing, one uses natural bait such as dead or alive organisms like worms, prawns, etc.Best Features […]
Seattle Business directory is customized and designed towards promoting Seattle businesses and constructing business to customer relations. We are constantly evolving and updating our site to meet the needs of both the consumer and customer. Submit your business today to start gaining the traffic you have always been looking for.
For $39 per year you can submit your business, post reviews and testimonials as well as images of your location. You can also post upcoming events for your company to help spread the word.
Marine Contracting Network – Is a website designed for you the consumer to assist in finding the best and appropriate marine…
Licensed in all states we serve We are licensed in all states we currently serve: California, Michigan, New Jersey, Tennessee,…
Trusty Flowers proudly serves the Nation. We are family owned and operated. We are committed to offering only the finest…
WorldWise.net was created on a basic principle: build great experiences with beautiful interfaces. We try to make the web and…
Media Fresh is a full service visual marketing company based out of Pontiac, Michigan. What we want that to mean…
Air and Liquid Systems, Inc. was formed in 2002 to serve the paint finishing industry with quality separation and filtration…
We are a full-service Accounting firm licensed in LA. We offer a broad range of services for business owners, executives,…
Personal and Business Accounting, Bookkeeping, and Tax Services JB Tax and Accounting is a full-service accounting, bookkeeping, and tax preparation…
Marios of Portland and Seattle and Marios 3.10 in Bridgeport Village are men’s and women’s specialty stores known for their…
Business 360 Northwest is based in Seattle, Washington and works with small and medium-sized businesses in the Pacific Northwest. Whether…
YWCA is on a mission to eliminate racism, empower women, stand up for social justice, help families, and strengthen communities.…
This local business directory is customized and designed towards promoting local businesses and constructing business to customer relations. We are constantly evolving and updating our site to meet the needs of both the consumer and customer.
It’s easy to see how a lot of people in the modern world are having a tough time feeling like they’re completely healthy. There are all kinds of things that can come up that will make us feel quite a bit less than at our best, especially when it comes to the pain or anxiety that we might experience on a daily basis. The simple truth is that our world seems to have a way of bringing us down quite a bit. When you’re serious about being at your very best each and every day, it’s essential that you have a strategy in place to help you protect and enhance your health.
More than just about anything that people can do when they want to be sure that they’re feeling as healthy as possible, the truth is that consuming a range of different types of substances will be just the thing to ensure that you’re getting the most out of your body. A lot of people these days are going to find that CBD oil will be something that can really help them boost their excitement and energy. You can work with the following information to help you get a sense of how to find the best CBD oil and what kinds of improvements it will be able to make in your life.
The first thing that you’ll need to understand when it comes to the use of CBD oil is where it actually comes from. While many people thing that this type of oil is essentially the same as typical marijuana, the truth is that it is a much more refined and medically-helpful substance. The oil will actually not include much, if any, of the THC that people tend to worry about when it comes to the use of marijuana or other hemp products. When you can buy CBD oil that contains some very powerful compounds, you’ll find that there are all kinds of ways in which you can become healthier.
Another crucial thing to know about CBD oil is what it is designed to help you treat in yourself. For most people, CBD oil ends up being something that is most helpful when it comes to dealing with various chronic conditions like lasting pain or social anxiety.
What you’re going to find is that there are plenty of benefits to choosing to use CBD oil when you’re working on your health. If you’re serious about feeling healthier each and every day, there is no doubt that you’ll benefit from using this oil as part of your regular routine.
The California Strategic Growth Council (SGC) today approved a $70 million package of projects in Southwest Fresno, Downtown Fresno and Chinatown through the Transformative Climate Communities Program (TCC). The projects were proposed by area residents and business owners through an unprecedented series of community meetings that put the power to decide how to spend the [...]
The City of Fresno’s Information Services Department (ISD) was honored at today’s City Council meeting for their recent success at the Municipal Information Systems Association of California (MISAC) annual conference. The department picked up several awards at the conference held in Rancho Mirage, CA in early October. Chief Information Officer Bryon Horn received the 2018 [...]
Construction on the Goshen/Demaree intersection will result in changed lane restrictions and road closures starting Tuesday, November 6th, and continuing through Thursday, December 13th. This phase will focus on major street reconstruction along the westerly half of Demaree and Goshen avenues and will impact traffic as follows: Goshen Avenue will be completely closed between Demaree [...]
Fresno State Veterans Services presents several events in honor of the Veterans Day national holiday. A ceremony will be held on campus at 10 a.m. Thursday, Nov. 8, at the Veterans Memorial at the flag poles near the Thomas Building. The “Remember the Fallen” exhibition is on display in the Henry Madden Library throughNov. 13. The Bulldog [...]
At age 16, Lupe Mirelez was forced to drop out of high school to take care of her eight younger siblings. With a home marred by poverty and violence, her opportunity at success was slim, but an opportunity to join the Job Corps would fuel her nearly 50-year career in nursing. When David Luchini began [...]
City of Fresno offices will be closed in observance of Veterans Day on Monday, November 12. The delivery of some City services may be affected by the holiday as well. Normal operations will resume on Tuesday, November 13. Here is the schedule for City of Fresno operations for the holiday: Airports: Administrative offices closed; Terminal, concessions, [...]
In order to login to Busker Central, you must first become a member. Joining takes only a few moments and gives you increased capabilities. Busker Central has granted several additional permissions to registered members. Before you join, please ensure you are familiar with our terms of use and related policies. Please read any forum rules as you navigate Busker Central.
Plumbers 911 is a 24-Hour Plumbing Service Organization covering Massachusetts. We specialize in providing clean, friendly, prompt service with highly trained, drug-free service technicians who have been background screened. Our friendly operators are ready to serve you, just give us a call 24-hours a day and we'll send you a highly skilled plumbing specialist to your home or office. We pride ourselves on being top notch plumbing experts, professional, and on time! All of our experts are licensed and bonded. You can take comfort in knowing we are established plumbing experts whom you can trust.
Yesterday Kell and I went and saw Marley and Me. Absolutely wonderful movie. I have added it to my top 5 favorite movies. Yes it was that good. One thing that Kell and I agreed on was that it made us want to move back to Ft. Drum more than ever. Obviously almost all of our friends are gone from Ft. Drum, which sucks. But I miss everything about the place. the gorgeous summers, gorgeous winters, even if they are a little too long. We want a quaint little house with a couple of acres, away from lots of neighbors. A place where our kids and dogs can run free in the yard without worrying about crime, etc. Upstate Ny is perfect for that. I'm sure most people think we are crazy for wanting to go back, but we are some of the few people out there who find that it feels like home. It's not for everyone, but it's for us.
What are your options? You can choose from standard rods, spring-loaded rods, traverse rods, decorative rods, adjustable rods, magnetic rods, double and triple rods . . . made from brass, chrome, ivory, graphite, mahogany, teak, and walnut, plastic, metal . . . . And we haven&apos;t even mentioned color or...
Blinds can find themselves needed weekly, to monthly cleaning, so it&apos;s important to consistently keep on top of them. Whether you have chosen white fabrics, or louvolite fabrics, which can also add energy efficiency. Blinds can attract large levels of dust, making it difficult for those with dust allergies, so...
A little research in the internet proves worthy. You will be amazed at the designs, styles, and sizes of the curtains rods that are easily accessible in the market. There are drapery rods, traverse rods, decorative rods, cafe rods, canopy rods, valance rods (lock seam rods), spring tension rods or...
If you are dead against drilling your wall, go for a magnetic curtain rod which can be used in a metal window casing. The magnets will do the job for you. If your choice is lace or sheer panels then think about single curtain rods. It provides a layered look...
Cafe Curtains - Modern Home: You probably know this one. To get a modern home atmosphere, the best thing when it comes to curtain rods is to choose stainless steel rod. This is the best you can get for a modern cafe curtain style. Some other rods would also come...
You can find bath curtains that reflect almost any theme that you can think of. If for some reason you can&apos;t find the novelty one that you are looking for, you can get plain colored bath curtains and decorate them yourself. In this way, you can make it as unique...
Back to that question: how do you know whether to pick visible or invisible? Let&apos;s ask another question first: what kind of window coverings are you using? Like we said, some curtains require the invisible rod called a traverse rod. Pleated drapes are made to attach to hooks that hang...
For all other drape and curtain styles we recommend a visible curtain rod just because it give you the advantage of emphasizing your style. That could mean choosing a natural wood that matches the carved wooden elephant coffee table (everyone has one, right?) or Hanging a gold -toned curtain rod...
So how do you narrow all these options down to the perfect curtain rod for your window? It&apos;s not as hard as it sounds. Like most projects you&apos;ll need to have a plan, so start deciding - -...
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Craigdoyle website that is not Craigdoyle’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Craigdoyle claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
There are many restaurants offering Mothers Day Brunch in Spokane, WA. Local Events provides information about many of these restaurants offering Mothers Day Brunch in Spokane, WA."
The law of relocation is evolving in Washington State. For over two decades, the law has assumed that once a parenting plan has originally determined “primary placement” (“custody”), then that parent with primary placement may move with the children unless the other parent can “rebut” the presumption in favor of relocation after a trial on ten statutory factors involving the relationships, education, and well-being of the child.
A parenting plan is determined by the best interests of the child, but a relocation trial must raise the concerns about the move to a higher standard to “rebut” that presumption that the parent with the most time with the child (primary parent) may move with the child.
However, these days may parents have a 50/50 parenting plan, and so most trial courts had a “relocation trial” on the 10 factors, without a presumption. But, a recent court of appeals case said that as neither parent has the presumption in a 50/50 plan, the relocation trial must follow the rules of a normal modification (which requires a threshold finding of “adequate cause” before a modification can proceed). This change is working its way through the system.
In other words, relocations have always been legally technical, but now, more than ever, you will want Attorney Craig Mason to lead you through this evolving legal thicket, whether you are seeking to relocate, or seeking to stop a relocation of your children.
In Eastern Washington, Craig Mason is a well-known divorce attorney who will guide you through the process of objecting to relocation. This has an impact on the rest of your life and your kids. Call Attorney Craig Mason today at (509) 443-3681.
Labels: #masonlaw, child relocation attorney, child relocation lawyer, divorce attorney spokane, family law attorney spokane, family law lawyer spokane, spokane divorce lawyer
Hehehe ... aur koi title nahi mil raha tha ... i was just looking at what i have written for the past few days ... WOW lots of depressing stuff, hehehe i think i have got the hang of it !! Now i know how to write a little FINALLLYY I KNOW HOW TO WRITE A LITTLE !! and oh by the way welcome to all my new and nice readers thanks for commenting ... SILENT READERS I STILL DONT LIKE YOU :p !!
Anywayss i was tagged by BOOGIIEEE MONSTER :D !! i have to tell 10 things which i have to teach to my children ... so as long as my family planning works i'll be having 4 kids, 2 boys and 2 girls !! It depends key NATAAAYJ waisey hi aatain hain ya nahi :p per still i'll try my best to get the desired result :p ....
5: Respect your grandmother and mom, whatever they say to you, you have to obey it without even thinking once !
6: I'll buy you a dog so i can take you to Racecourse daily... but you have to promise you won't look what dady is doing there :D
6: You are the boss of the house, don't let your brothers say anything to you, if they do say anything to you just tell me i'll spank them hard :D
7: You can have boy friends at the age of 18 but they have to be interviewed with me and your mom !! and yes you are allowed to do a love marriage, your happiness is my happiness :)
SO ANYONE INTERESTED ;) !! I'll keep you happy :D .... (interested people pls mention your name below, i'll get to you as soon as poosble)
Woow!!! Thank so much ladies for the top 3 I'm so happy and honored!!! And huge congrats to the other lucky winners too...
Indonesia is a country that has diverse cultures, religions, and tribes so that Indonesia is rich in everything
Indonesia as a country rich in spirit, has a lot of traditional dance-dance from various regions of the archipelago of Indonesia from Sabang to Merauke.
In recognition of the fundamental principles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, International Bridges to Justice (IBJ) is dedicated to protecting the basic legal rights of individuals in developing countries. Specifically, IBJ works to guarantee all individuals the right to competent legal representation, the right to be protected from cruel and unusual punishment, and the right to a fair trial.
St. Lawrence Condos at 158 Front is a Condominium development by Cityzen Development currently in pre-construction at 158 Front Street East in Toronto.
Alex, I am interested in St. Lawrence Condos at 158 Front. Please contact me with additional information and floor plans.
Located in the heart of downtown Toronto's oldest and most loved neighbourhood, the contemporary condominium residences of 158 Front let you enjoy the many benefits of life in this city's most coveted central location. Over the last 220 years of urban life, this is a neighbourhood that has become home to some of Toronto's most iconic landmark destinations.
Now, featuring contemporary architecture, an extensive selection of suite designs and truly phenomenal building amenities, 158 Front is poised to become the most striking new landmark building in this historic neighbourhood setting.
Gallery reveals the intricate structures and functions of the human body using large human models. In this gallery, information on the Anatomy and Physiology of human body has been displayed through various interactive exhibits. The star attractions are the Transparent Man Theatre, Giant Walk through Heart, CT Scan, Operation Theatre, Countdown to Birth, Interactive giant model of human cell, chromosomes, DNA model and various other interactive biotechnology based exhibits.
Giant walk through beating Heart Model of 12 feet tall demonstrates the working of circulatory system while visitors walk through it.
Mechanical model of breathing lungs displayed in clear acrylic cavity also showing mechanism to move diaphragm up and down. Model of lungs lying in the young person's upper torso to show location of lungs in chest.
This exhibit displayed the movement of food starting from Mouth, esophagus, stomach, small intestine, large intestine and ends in anus.
The exhibit is a real size model of CT scan machine which is placed behind a glass wall and the visitor interacted with different switches of CT scan machine to get the patient couch movement along with the real scans.
This interactive exhibit demonstrated an operation theatre and operation technique with real look instruments and furniture in which a mannequin is to be kept on operation table undergoing laparoscopy operation for the removal of Gall bladder.
The exhibit depicts the movement of the bone joint such as ankle, knee & hip joint by pedaling on the bicycle.
By pedaling on the bicycle, the increased heart rate demonstrates the changes in the shape of your ECG (Electrocardiogram) on the display screen. ECG measures and displays the electrical signal that the heart produces as it beats.
The exhibit displays your pulse rate and wave shape on the display screen when you insert you index finger into the finger clip. The pumping of heart sends regular shock wave through the blood circulation, which is detectable as a pulse
Viruses are very tiny and can only multiply by interaction with our body cells. These viruses and bacteria, which cause diseases, can be seen and identified by various types of microscopes on display in this gallery.
The Transparent Man theatre shows the aspects of human life, human organs and their function along with their amazing facts thru audio and visual mode.
「促銷商品區」之即期品年終大清倉，折扣下殺3.5折起，買越多賺越多，本活動於「廣祥商行蘆薈購物網．www.ph-vii.com.tw」及「天祥林蘆薈購物商城．www.ph-aloe.com.tw」及「天祥林商行．ph7.phfa.com.tw」之促銷商品區中進行，活動時間為即日起至2018年10月31日止。我們將不定期推出好康優惠，讓您買越多賺越多，感謝您一直以來的支持與愛護，預祝您購物愉快。....
The main target of the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Serbia is to smoothen economic growth, enhance competitiveness and improve business and investment environment of Serbia, so as to create better livelihood for all Serbians.
The main service of Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Serbia is registers and databases, Certificates, Exhibitions, Conferences, Seminars, International Tenders, Offer/Demand and Center for Ecology, Innovation and Technology Transfer.
With 55 bilateral cooperative agreements reached with chambers from 35 different countries, the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Serbia is also member of numerous international commerce organizations and regional commerce organizations such as ICC, ECCT and Balkan Chamber of Commerce.
The above conclusions are based on hard-core evidence and non-disputable facts and conform with world-wide-accepted scientific ethical standards. The dispute on the actual partners of Xie’s collaboration as well as Lu’s accusation on Zhang as disclosed in a series of Nature news (published on September 21, November 5, and November 16, respectively) remained to be investigated. However, such further investigation needs cooperation from respected authorities in Peking University and Tsinghua University. Without opening two “black boxes” (seen in attached diagram) the whole truth of the Sheng-Jia Zhang Case will not be known. Thus, we appeal public as well as international organizations to pay attention to the questions remained to be answered for Sheng-Jia Zhang Case. We also wish respective Chinese authorities to launch their investigations into the handling of the Sheng-Jia Zhang Case by Peking University and Tsinghua University. These extended investigations are necessary for exposing potentially more serious problems other than academic misconduct. Exposure and solution to those problems may greatly improve “ecology” of Chinese scientific research and truly boost innovation in Chinese scientific research.
DevBootstrap is an intensive software developer training bootcamp teaching Rails, React Native & Unity 3D and is held in Phnom Penh, Cambodia.
This facts is just not made to exchange a physician's impartial judgment with regard to the appropriateness or pitfalls of the procedure to get a presented affected individual.
Most pharmaceutical companies offer affected person-support plans for uninsured clients. These packages supply prescribed medication at minor to free of charge.
Constantly talk to your doctor about your professional medical disorders. Vertical Health and fitness & PsyCom never offer medical guidance, prognosis or procedure. Use of this Web page is conditional on your acceptance of our Consumer Arrangement.
It’s illegal for an internet site to offer any medication devoid of demanding a prescription. Also, you'll want to browse the privacy information on the pharmacy’s website. To find out more, examine the FDA’s customer safety guide on getting prescription prescription drugs on-line.
Psychiatrist Summary: Psychiatry consists of the cure, rehabilitation and prevention of psychological sickness. A psychiatrist diagnoses mental and psychological Ailments making use of assessments and will get more psychiatric diagnostic laboratory tests if required.
Some clients come to my Workplace seeking "a capsule" to help you. Other folks come and start off by declaring "I will not believe in medication." In spite of their preconceived beliefs about medication, I always teach my patients so that they will make a well balanced determination in regards to the risks, Added benefits and solutions to each cure possibility. I work with them to come to a decision if a medication is right for them. It is especially significant for us to be on exactly the same webpage, since the affected individual can make the final word decision whether to take a medication when they depart my Place of work. There are a number of medicines that have been tested to get of benefit from the cure of depression. When examining which medication could possibly be right for virtually any individual, I usually take into account their previous background of medication successes and failures.
Some therapists or clinics supply therapy over a sliding scale, which suggests that fees fluctuate according to money. Request a couple of sliding scale or other payment solutions when you get in touch with or check out for your session. Locate a Therapist near you.
Depression is related to behavioral changes, as I discussed in my former article within the leads to and signs of depression. Depression has a tendency to bring about social isolation along with a decreased desire in things such as nourishment, physical exercise and pleasant activities. Thus, as hard as it might be, I normally motivate my sufferers to acquire a listing of their present-day behaviors. These consist of notice to diet regime/nutrition, exercising/physical activity, recreational routines/hobbies, chores/Invoice paying out and personal hygiene.
If you're a U.S. citizen with reduced earnings, you may well be qualified for Medicaid. Medicaid coverage contains psychological well being treatment method fees; eligibility and products and services provided differ by condition.
Buying medication on the web could be An additional Price tag-effective visit homepage way to deal with your anxiousness problem, but be cautious of the hundreds of ripoffs and unlawful “pharmacies” on the web. If you need to do order medication on the internet, only use a licensed pharmacy using a accredited pharmacist on contact to reply your concerns.
Medication may help minimize indications of panic and depression, but for folks without health and fitness insurance policies, prescription medications can be too highly-priced.
If you initially discuss with a potential therapist or psychiatrist, check with about their approach to see irrespective of whether It appears suitable for you and your situation. If it’s not an excellent in good shape, obtain somebody else. If you don't click with somebody, therapy is more unlikely to help you. You might also desire to glimpse for somebody who specializes in your unique problem. For instance, For those who have a problem with medicines or Liquor, discover a doctor or nonmedical therapist who concentrates on dealing with people fighting habit.
A medical recommended you read psychologist employs psychotherapy and also other counseling expertise to enhance psychological and mental health. A Psychiatrist is often a medical medical doctor who performs psychotherapy but might also prescribe medicine.
(You could entry my posting on depression and hope, in this article.) Know that you are not by itself. Your signs or symptoms, emotions and struggles are well comprehended and treatable by psychiatrists which include myself. I often recommend my people that coming find out this here to the psychiatrist is the most important move they will acquire for getting assist.
If you decide to have beauty surgery, it is important to own realistic expectations and a surgeon you believe in. Inquire whether your doctor is “board Licensed” in cosmetic surgery, which means he has additional training and testing.
Having said that, there are exceptions to this circumstance for example an entire face makeover, a complete body makeover and/or a combination of the two. The following are Unique predicaments for these cases.
Opt for a board-Licensed plastic surgeon and be confident you might be inside the treatment of a remarkably-trained surgeon you'll be able to believe in.
Liposuction ("suction lipectomy"): removal of Unwanted fat deposits by conventional suction procedure or ultrasonic energy to help Excess fat removal
Concerning “image,” The federal government also experienced an incentive to present by itself to the world as being a country on the rise, simply because South Korea had received generally destructive exposure for a war-ridden, destitute country.
These visuals are from that selection. In a brand new collection, images from which show up farther down this web page, she exhibits what beauty surgery facilities look like.
The former spouse of your late Elvis Presley was one of the most gorgeous Ladies inside the world. But believing within a con gentleman was her best slip-up. Getting injected with toxic substances on to her face need to be her biggest regret.
Physicians try this who turn into board Licensed in plastic surgery are essential to finish amongst two routes of coaching:
Check with your plastic surgeon, who may advocate that your insurance firm be contacted before surgery to find out whether or not protection is out there.
In comparison to Korea, America's plastic surgery market and culture has its own uniqueness. The typical of elegance in Hollywood is that of a tanned, slim, subtle woman in addition to a muscular, manly man.
Adele has experienced rhinoplasty. The technique essentially focused on elevating the suggestion of her nose and eradicating a few of the cartilage in the sides the plastic surgery was performed before she became famed. The majority of people deny her assert that she is snug in her individual skin.
This can be just one surgery that is common with young adults, but doctors suggest waiting until eventually not less than age 15 or sixteen, potentially older for boys. Main issues after surgery are unusual, and recovery normally takes a person to 3 months.
Most costs are paid upfront of surgery. But speak with your surgeon about procedures for handling surprising final results or troubles. Most surgeons is not going to cost for comply Full Article with-up "restore" surgeries within a calendar plastic surgery residency year of your surgery. Nevertheless, you will be responsible for hospital and anesthesia charges.
Kaleb isn't one for doing much in our house. He still has yet to talk or really walk. He can walk - he just chooses not too. And yes, I'm aware that he's 17 months old and not doing either. And I'm not worried. He's just content to sit back, watch, and suck up all the attention he can get. Because why would he walk when he has a 7-year-old sister who can pick him up and carry him anywhere. Or a mom who might be willing to do the same. And why would he talk when there is little time to be heard.
I'll just enjoy the relative quiet from him for the time being and be thankful that he's keeping himself content and happy.
That explained though, we were all excited to watch him pretend the other day. He found the girls tea set and when I asked for some tea, he picked up the tea pot, held it up to my cup and made a "pshhhh..." sound to pour the tea. The kids and I just laughed and thought it was so sweet, so he was rather proud of himself and kept pouring and drinking tea for quite some time.
And lately, Zachary has an obsession with my camera (so it is kept high out of reach). He is constantly wanting to take a picture with MY camera.
I heard him "clicking" as I was taking pictures of Kaleb, and he had picked up a part of the vaccuum cleaner to take pictures of Kaleb along with me. I'll take that creativity!!
Yup, he's the fourth. (I have talked to moms -heck I've been one- that prayed their youngest would walk late!)Something that only another mother of many would understand.
What a sweet post. Kaleb is really starting to look a lot like Zachary. All your kids are so gorgeous. Love the "vacuum camera"...what a great imagination.
Thanks so much for dropping by - I'd love to hear from you! If you'd like a reply, be sure there is an email address linked to your email! :)
My name is Jolanthe {pronounced Yo-lawn-the}. On my website, Homeschool Creations, you'll find free educational printables, helpful tips and resources for families, encouragement for your homeschool journey, and a homeschool planner to help moms get organized.
I am a mom to 4 children and wife to a wonderful man. We homeschool all four children, and my days are spent trying to keep up with them all…and the house…and life in general.
My passion is teaching my kids and helping other families in their homeschool journey. Working with children has always been something I have enjoyed, and I love that the online world has provided a way to share ideas and resources with other families all over the world. The last few years has brought speaking opportunities at blogging conferences, homeschool groups, and also homeschool conventions.
I've never viewed as myself a quilter in any way, shape or for. 2 doll blankets was ample "quilting" for me. But this... This I want to do!!! Thank you for possessing a guest blogger and for all your own awesome information as well obviously :)
she's a fellow blogger i can say i've satisfied face to face, and she's also anyone I feel is amongst the nicest people today all around...and as well as super talented. I am honored to find out her during the blogging and true world. is that more than enough sap for you? ok then. great. This is amy:
Iron your batting (if it had been a wadded up remnant like mine) over a reduced heat environment. Watch out to not stretch it out of shape. Then iron your backing material over a substantial-warmth cotton location to obtain all wrinkles out. You will be sewing your leading strips by way of many of the layers of of batting and backing so you wish to get started as smooth as you possibly can. In case you are employing a Heat & Natural form batting it's got a little bit of adhesive things on it (Which explains why you do not need to iron specifically on it with a incredibly hot environment.
Swimming pool Wonderful for youngsters of any age Motor vehicle important Air con Some Animals are welcome - remember to Get hold of the owner Ideally located for the read more crossroads of Provence, the Camargue as well as the Mediterranean you are able to learn the miracles of our beautiful region, you'll be able to share the festive traditions whose Feria de Nimes may be the image. Once the visits, a nap underneath the previous airplane tree, a glass of Check-in from 4pm
I use this tablecloth dai ... see extra I exploit this tablecloth each day, it hides and absorbs hop over to these guys minor spills made by my grandchildren. For your concluded appear it wants urgent but for everyday use I do not bother.see significantly less Gayle Dec 27,2014
My name is Amy Intelligent and I am a quilty kind of particular person. I want to sew. For many years I retained this fettish concealed from the world simply because admitting that I want to make quilts appeared form of just like a 'grandma' thing to perform. Then I found the planet Learn More of quilt-bloggers - other nutso people like me who discover fantastic joy and satisfaction cutting-up fabric and sewing it back again together!
in the event you have an interest in currently being a visitor blogger. Make contact with me via e-mail for click here for more submission policies. look at here many thanks!
Hot Ayesha Takia nude getting ready for her hot micro-bikini photo shoots. We are sure that these ayesha takia nangi photos will make you shag hard on this bitch fake photos. We can see that Ayesha enjoying the cock in her pussy hole. Bbw Bukkake Fisting Interracial.
Hi...I'm Navraj, 19 yrs old, turning 20 in Jan. Looking for a serious relationship but I also don't mind chatting or making new friends. :D I love doing everything, and I am nice and very caring :) If you are interested in having an actual conversation with someone, and possibly a...
Hi..I am 26 years old. I work in the Emergency Department as a nurse. I love my job. I do have a 4 year old daughter who is my everything. We love to be outdoors and try new things. I wanna raise her...
the title was very misleading. I want to find out how I can get my garden started without buying an expensive hose and I get this unchristian content! I cannot believe this!
this girls pussy and asshole is so perfect, it doesn't see real. And she seems so eager to please. I'm voting for her as President of USA.
As a dude with a foot fetish who thinks Lisa Ann has some of the best feet in porn (wish she did more foot shit while she was filming) even I was confused why after an epic anal scene he randomly cums on her feet lmao, maybe had he sucked her toes while pounding that ass or showed some sort of interest in her feet before that awkward cumshot lmao
Porn needs better black girls. There are mostly basic, no anal and no creampie havin. Even the black cam whores are the fucking worse, cold personality and not doing a DAMN thing without a tip.
I agree, my creampies are huge and leaky and people comment how much more they could fill me up... um hello i was already overflowing... WTF?!?! lmao!
Dora. Age: 26. I consider myself outdoorsy. In the summer, I like hiking, biking, going to the beach and going camping and in the winter, I love skiing & sledding.
So looks so much sexier as a brunette. Subscribe 17 Unsubscribe Jeanna fine - lust runner Runtime: Tera Patrick and her exquisite pussy.
Thank you , adolphus67! Im very happy that you watch our videos regularly and comment very often ! You give us big support ❤️
Pier Luca Lanzi is associate professor at the Politecnico di Milano, Dipartimento di Elettronica, Informazione e Bioingegneria where he teaches the courses "Video game Design and Programming" and "Data Mining and Text Mining". His research areas include evolutionary computation, machine learning, and computational intelligence. He is interested in the applications to data mining and computer games. He is member of the editorial board of the Evolutionary Computation Journal, Evolutionary Intelligence, and the IEEE Transaction on Computational Intelligence and AI in Games.
Codemotion is the biggest tech conference in Italy and one of the most important in Europe, with a network of more than 30k developers. What are you waiting for to be a Codemotioner?
During the year Codemotion organizes a lot of events: the Codemotions, Codemotion training, Codemotion Kids, Tech Meetups, hackathons, external IT events organized for partners, startup activities... don't miss them!
Create your travel experience in Vienna as you have imagined. See Vienna from a completely different angle with a local guide of your choice.
Do you want to have an unforgettable travel experience in Vienna? Do you want to discover Vienna individually and from a completely new and special perspective?
Then you are exactly in the right place: We connect you with the local guide that fits you well. You will get to know different local guides with different interests and focuses through our platform. Something they all have in common is the passion for the Vienna city and its inhabitants. They help you discover the real city and take you to their favorite spots and events. You will avoid mass tourism and overcrowded tourist paths.
Our local guides will take you on a Vienna city tour that you will never forget. We take care of your interests. You will discover and visit places that make you excited. Stay curious and experience Vienna in a completely different way!
Vienna is diverse and vibrant. This city has many sides: Art deco, youth culture, Vienna waltz, techno temple, Danube or wellness destinations. Our local guides will show you exactly what you desire to see in an uncomplicated and unique way!
Our pick-up service is quick and reliable. We strive to meet your expectations. Just give it a try! The local guide will be right away on his/her way to pick you up once you book an appointment and then your wonderful journey will begin!
We highly value your trust and confidence in us and want to assure that you experience a great shared journey through Vienna with the right local guide. You will always have several options.
Our local guides are committed to satisfy your curiousness and adventurous spirit. It makes no difference what you want to see, feel or experience, we find a suitable local guide to meet your unique desire and send you on an exciting journey through Vienna.
A big city is dynamic and constantly changing. With us, you can stay ahead of the tourist crowds and explore the untouched side, the secret tourist paths and new hotspots with your local guide.
We will be ready to process your online tour order by the end of this year. You will be able to make an order with one click on the digital button. In the meantime, we are very eager to receive your orders by telephone.
Your holiday experience is our top priority. Our team is happy to help you if you are not satisfied with your tour or if something doesn’t work out as you expected. You can submit a request for claim review in writing or calling us. We will take care of it immediately.
conGozo loves to communicate with you! Be first and sign up for our local guides newsletter to stay up2date!
A lot of people probably read some of our writings and wonder, "Where is all this headed? What is the goal? " A glib answer might be- "We want to get back to real 'New Testament' Christianity." But what exactly does that look like?
This is an important topic - and something I have pondered a great deal over the years. What exactly would the 'New Testament Church' look like if it was translated into a modern western city?
To get started, I want you to forget about today's church just for a moment - with all her obvious problems and contradictions, and picture something quite different. I want you to imagine that you are still living in the same city, in the same year, but you are right in the middle of a 'Book of Acts'-type scenario. Somehow everything has changed.
For some reason, all of the Spirit-filled Christians in your city have left their Denominations and divisions behind. They have truly begun to fulfill the prayer of Jesus - "That they all may be ONE". They now hold huge gatherings all over the city - right out in the open. And as well as these united gatherings, on most streets there is now a house-meeting, where all the Spirit-filled believers from that street gather together, eating and sharing and having communion, etc. (ie. A "NEIGHBORHOOD CHURCH"). The power of God flowing in these house-meetings is amazing. Many healings and miracles are occurring. The 'gifts' flow freely every day.
It seems also that many of the church buildings and cathedrals have simply been abandoned. No longer do Christians want to hide them-selves away behind "four walls". They want to gather out where the people are - presenting Jesus to the whole world. They want to be truly "one body". There is no way that any of their old buildings could contain the crowds, anyhow.
And the men whom God has raised up to lead this vast movement do not seem much like the 'Reverends' or even the 'televangelists' of old. In fact, quite a few of them have never even been to Bible College, and they seem to be very plain, ordinary people from humble backgrounds. But what an anointing! It is very clear to everyone that these 'apostles and prophets' (as they are known)
have spent many years in prayer and brokenness before God - drawing closer and closer to Him. When they speak, the very fear of the Lord seems to come down, and many people repent deeply of their sins. Demons are cast out and the blind and crippled are made whole. -These kinds of things are happening all the time. The whole city is just in awe of what is going on, and thousands upon thousands are being saved. Even the newspapers and television are full of it.
As soon as someone repents they are immediately baptized in water and hands are laid on them for the infilling of the Holy Spirit. -This is expected from day one! And it is also expected that every Christian has a gift and calling from God - and that they should be
encouraged to move forward and fulfill their calling. No longer is there a distinction made between those who are "ministers" and those who are merely 'laity'. Now it is expected that EVERYONE is a minister of the Lord! (However, there are 'elders' - ie. older Christians to guide things).
Some of the bishops and pastors from several denominations have actually denounced this great move of God very strongly. They say it is "deception" and warn their people to stay away. (Every Revival in history has been accused of this usually by religious leaders). But to be honest, it is so obvious to most people that God is the one behind it all, that very few take these men seriously. The Spirit of God is sweeping all before Him. The glory of the Lord has come.
One of the reasons that these leaders are so upset is that a lot of the Christians' GIVING now does not go to church buildings, but rather to the POOR. In fact, God has spoken to many people to start supporting widows and orphans overseas, etc. They also give generously to anyone in their midst who is in need. Many even sell their own possessions in order to do this.
The huge over-riding theme of this great movement is LOVE. "Behold how they love one another" is the catch-cry of many who watch this 'new church' in action. And everyone is given to MUCH PRAYER.
And so, gathering "as one" in the outdoors and breaking bread from house to house, they eat together with glad and sincere hearts, praising God and enjoying the favor of all the people. And the Lord adds to their number daily those who are being saved.
The above description is taken straight out of the Book of Acts - as applied to today. Everything in the above paragraphs is put there to give you an idea of what it would be like to live in the Jerusalem church at the start of Acts. -And it was like that for YEARS. Imagine the impact of such a church on the world around it! God is wanting to do this again. And He wants to use ordinary people like you and me to help bring it to pass.
I am convinced that we are NOT supposed to treat the early church as a "special case". It was given to us as an 'example'. It is what the "normal" church should be like all the time! And yet we have fallen so far below this standard. Only in times of Revival do we approach it again for a time. But I believe it is supposed to be "normal" for the church to be like this - day in and day out. This is the way that Jesus always wanted us to be.
However, one thing is clear. It will take a great "SHAKING" for us to get anywhere close to the above description today. You have to be aware that in order to get there from here, a whole lot of 'hierarchies' and church boards and careers and titles and positions would be on the line. And a lot of men simply don't want to lose those things. It doesn't matter to them whether it is Truth or not. If it affects their reputation, their position or their organization, they will oppose it with everything they have.
Sadly it is very difficult to see a "smooth" transition to this kind of Christianity. I believe we are in for a shaky ride. But I certainly believe that it is on God's agenda. And like the Great Reformation before it, I believe He will do WHATEVER IT TAKES in order to
Here's to true 'NEW TESTAMENT' Christianity, my friends - the kind that Jesus and the apostles actually invented in the beginning.
In recent times the western world has undergone a transportation change. While the majority of people in the western world seemed most interested in travelling via automobile, in the last couple of decades many people have been choosing the bicycle as their primary mode of transportation. This trend can be attributed to the idea of keeping things 'green' in a bid to take care of our planet. It doesn't hurt that gas is increasing in price either! Whatever the reason, there are more cyclists on the road than ever. Maybe you have been pondering purchasing a bike? If you have then there are several things you should look at when you do.
The first thing to consider when buying a bicycle is the cost of the bike. This doesn't mean other things aren't important, like where you are going to ride or how often you will, but it does mean that the cost of the bicycle should be one of your main concerns.
You can find bicycles that range in price from hundreds of dollars to thousands of dollars. It's not going to matter if you don't have thousands of dollars to put on a bike, because there is a way you can find a great bike for a runaway price. You can go to auctions and find some of the best bikes available for a fraction of the price of new ones.
Before you buy any bicycle, you are going to want to take it for a test ride. You should never buy a bike until you have ridden it first, if only for a couple of minutes. This makes perfect sense because you know you'd never buy a car without test driving it first.
Why wouldn’t you do the same with a bicycle? You really need to do this if you are going to spend a lot of money on the bicycle, and if you are going to ride the bicycle a lot. You need to make sure the bike is a perfect fit. This doesn't only mean physically fit you, this also means one that easily fits your riding styles. Why would you spend money on something that does not feel comfortable to ride?
Bikes bought for children have their own set of criteria to contemplate. Durable bikes are best, with wide tires to add stability and brakes that are easy to use. You will want to find a reasonably priced bike because children will grow quickly, and it will also have to look good because looks are everything to the young. Several different factors play into how you are going to choose the right bicycle. Is this a bike you are going to be riding every single day or is it a bike you are only going to ride every now and them? At what height do you feel the most comfortable? Would you rather be able page to put your feet flat on the ground or would you rather have that few inches between your feet and the ground when you are sitting down? Think about all this when buying your bike, and you will make the right choice.
Crested Butte Fire Protection District is a health care provider in Crested Butte, CO. In this page you will find its mailing address, practice location, phone number, specialty etc.
An authorized official is an appointed official with the legal authority to make changes and/or updates to the Crested Butte Fire Protection District's status and to commit the provider to fully abide by the laws and regulations relating to the National Provider Identifier (NPI).
CNS Job Market – jobs in psychiatry, neurology, and primary care and medical fields with a CNS focus.
Responsible for development and implementation of preventative care, recovery and support services to Wood County residents diagnosed with mental health and/or substance abuse issues. Services utilize evidence-based guidelines and tailored to the unique needs of the individual in such a way as to support growth and development, independent functioning and personal choice while ensuring that basic living needs are being adequately addressed. Registered Nurses (RNs) will provide medication monitoring, supportive follow along services, consultation and assist individuals in accessing needed programs to assist them in the process of recovery and stabilization in their community.
1.	Triages patient calls for the Psychiatrist and/or Nurse Practioner, in effect performing as a gate keeper. Assesses need, and takes appropriate medical action.
2.	Provides telephone exchanges with or about patients related to assessment and management services, including prescription provision and laboratory orders.
3.	Provides nursing services and education regarding potential side effects of prescribed medication to consumers. Services include injections; medication setup; blood pressure readings, weight monitoring, and overall health assessment as part of a psychiatric examination; phoning in a medication refill or new prescription as ordered by the prescriber to the consumer’s pharmacy; ordering and monitoring of lab work related to prescriber ordered medications. Education includes explaining need for medication, how it works, and potential side effects. Also provides linkage to medical community for clients and staff when necessary.
4.	Provides emergency screen/assessment of individuals who walk into the clinic looking for or in need of services. May include brief intervention to calm an individual, assessment of immediate need to see the Psychiatrist or clinicians.
6.	Assists with provision of telehealth as scheduled for coordination and trouble-shooting in keeping with requirements for State Certification under DHS 75, 34, 35, and 61.91.
7.	Work collaboratively with clients, their families, guardians and recovery teams in assessment and in developing integrated service plans. Provide linkage for collaboration between clients, contracted service providers, physicians and other community professionals. Use strategies including strength-based assessment to establish hope, facilitate empowerment, and promote stabilization in the community to achieve optimal independence and recovery.
8.	Maintain documentation as mandated by Wisconsin Medical Assistance Guidelines, Wisconsin Nurse Practice Act, and the department’s Nursing Standard of Care policies.
9.	Assist non-nursing case managers, as requested, for medical needs of their clients. Conduct physical health assessments as required for medical triage and facilitate access to medical care as appropriate. Promote access to annual physical/dental/eye preventative care appointments. Provide linkage and timely communication to the medical community which may include transportation and participation in clinic visits to facilitate coordination of care.
10.	Organize, direct and assist in psycho-social rehabilitation activities, including daily living skills training, community living skills training, recreational and educational groups for consumers utilizing community settings and resources.
11.	Organize health promotion/disease prevention activities for clients, researching opportunities and promoting client participation. Assist clients to set personal goals, documenting individual and program outcomes.
12.	Introduce clients to community and individual opportunities that foster interest in life-long healthy lifestyles. Activities will be individual or group oriented, and promote:
13.	Know and practice the safety policies of the County. Perform all job tasks in a safe and prescribed manner.
1.	Participate in continuing education via conferences, web-based and in-service training to maintain current nursing best practice standards.
2.	Provide consultation and education about mental health issues to service agencies, business and community organizations to improve understanding of the mental health delivery system, promote personal mental well-being, and reduce stigma of individuals with mental illness and/or substance abuse issues.
Bachelor’s Degree in Nursing or associated health field from an accredited college and two years of experience or an equivalent amount of nursing education and experience (an Associate Degree in Nursing (two year degree) and four years’ experience) and State of Wisconsin licensure as a Registered Nurse is required. Must have an understanding of techniques and skills useful in assisting individuals with a chronic mental illness. Position requires the ability to work effectively with a variety of other professionals and manage time effectively. Basic everyday living skills, the ability to understand and follow directions (department manuals, etc.), and reading and writing reports is necessary. Ability to communicate orally and in writing with individuals and groups. This position may require travel to and from off-campus sites. Possession of a valid driver’s license, as well as a licensed and insured automobile is required; or other means of reliable transportation immediately available to individual. Experience working with the chronically mentally ill in the community is desirable.
In today’s technological age, employers can find local translation services through the internet or utilize online translation tools from the comfort of their offices.
SDL is the world's number 1 provider of free and professional language translation services for websites and documents. Translate from English to Spanish, French, ...
Place for translation agencies, freelance translators, and translation outsourcers to find ... Translators - Translator Resources. The translation workplace ...
... of Spanish-English translation, or find out where you can find a translator to do the work ... Learning how to translate this proverb provides some guides to ...
We offer: Travel Resources - Discount Hotel rooms, cheap flights and car rental ... Please enter website address. Translation Tools Provided by Applied ...
... translation tools. Other Resources. Translation resource ... Translator training. SIL offers translation courses in cooperation with academic institutions in ...
'marketing OR manager OR f OR a OR community OR of OR designers OR STATECODE:"DC"' Jobs | PSAE Career Headquarters
Our Learning Management System will help you further your training with customized learning content.
Let one of our professional writers create a resume and cover letter that will help you land you an interview.
Each of the alumni below were a part of Wrestling while they attended Millsap HS. Register if you would like to be listed below.
Looking for Millsap alumni who participated in Wrestling but are not listed? Classmates.com® has hundreds of more Millsap alumni listed.
We absolutely love weddings here at Mill Stream Flowers. We are passionate about providing a service that lets the natural beauty of the fresh field grown flowers shine through, our aim is to always exceed your expectations.
For your big day we can cater for the bride who would like the 'Full Monty'. We will arrange all the flowers for you including transforming your chosen venue, leaving you free to enjoy your day.
Another option, if you want to have more involvement, is for our DIY brides. We will pick and condition the flowers for you and with your team of merry helpers can enjoy arranging them yourselves.
However much or little you want to do you'll find our seasonal flowers quite inspirational, from old English favourites through to the wild and unexpected.
As soon as you have a date, come and visit us to discuss your requirements. Here you'll be advised on the flowers available and how they work together. We want your day to be as stress free and perfect as you do.
JUNIOR BLUE's biography will be ready soon! In the mean time, to get more information, please e-mail us at info@milofoundation.org.
Ruthie likes all people. She is very social and loves to cuddle but she dislikes rough housing, fighting, or erratic behavior in people. Ruthie craves a quiet and calm household with no drama.
Ruthie loves to go hiking and to off leash parks. She goes to Pt Isabel (an open dog park) and she is off leash and does great. She goes backpacking too and has her own pack she can carry.
Ruthie dislikes cats. She lives with a cat and she is trained to leave the cat alone but this can be a frustrating situation for her so we recommend no cats in the household.
Small children are too much for Ruthie so there should be no children under 14 in the household. If you are planning to have children in the future (or grandchildren) then Ruthie is NOT the dog for you.
She gets along with other dogs but has her boundaries and needs other dogs to respect them. She’s currently fostered with 2 Chihuahuas and does great with them. Ruthie has gone on group dog walks many times, and lived with other dogs including a husky and other small dogs.
She has extreme resource guarding issues for toys and high value treats. Therefore, her new family would need to understand how to manage this.
Our ideal home for Ruthie would be a quiet and calm household. Somewhere where she has a large yard or property. No small children and no plans to have children or grandchildren. She’d be happiest where the person or people are active and like to hike or run. The foster thinks she would do best with no other dogs or other dogs that are not alpha but also thinks she could adapt to most other dogs just fine.
Ruthie is in foster care – here’s how to meet a dog in foster: Please fill out our online application (http://milofoundation.org/aboutadopting.cfm), email it to us with the animals name and Milo number in the subject line. We will review your application and add you to our database. If everything looks like a good fit, we will ask the foster to contact you for a meet and greet. *NOTE: our system can only open Word documents or PDFs
The smallest boy, little Prince, black scruffy with white tipped foot and some brown. Mom Abby and her pups are getting awesome care in their foster home since one week old. The pups will make their pre-adoption debut at the grand opening party of Just Food For Dogs in Corte Madera on Saturday Nov 17th.
The one smooth coat pup, Luther looks like a mini-Lab! Mom Abby and her pups are getting awesome care in their foster home since one week old. The pups will make their pre-adoption debut at the grand opening party of Just Food For Dogs in Corte Madera on Saturday Nov 17th.
Adorable brown and white scruffy pup, Alicia! Alicia is one of the bi-color Abby pups - so cute. Mom Abby and her pups are getting awesome care in their foster home since one week old. The pups will make their pre-adoption debut at the grand opening party of Just Food For Dogs in Corte Madera on Saturday Nov 17th.
Adorable black and white scruffy pup, Michael! Michael is one of the bi-color Abby pups - so cute. Mom Abby and her pups are getting awesome care in their foster home since one week old. The pups will make their pre-adoption debut at the grand opening party of Just Food For Dogs in Corte Madera on Saturday Nov 17th.
Hey I'm Milo, the FIRST animated Youtuber/blogger in the world. As an aspiring actor, I constantly try to improve my skills in hopes of landing that first big roll. Its a rough road ahead and invite you to follow my journey. Please follow my blog and subscribe to my Youtube channel!
Just got last weeks audition tape...this is extremely embarrassing. I really don't want to post, but I will...tomorrow :)
Labels: 3D, acting, actor, animated, animation, animator, audition, camera, CG, character, customer, funny, help, maya, milo, new series, Shaun Abernathy, tape
Hey I'm Milo, the FIRST animated Youtuber/blogger in the world. As an aspiring actor, I constantly try to improve my skills in hopes of landing that first big roll. Its a rough road ahead and invite you to follow my journey.
This Resume examples 2017 15 years experience 2018 picture earlier mentioned will be MiltonfriedmancoreS along with Resume examples 2017 15 years experience
Executive Resume Examples 2017. This Executive Resume Examples 2017 2018 photograph previously mentioned is usually MiltonfriedmancoreS with Executive Resume Examples 2017 [...]
Chronological Resume Examples 2017 - This Chronological Resume Examples 2017 2018 picture earlier mentioned is usually MiltonfriedmancoreS with Chronological Resume Examples 2017 [...]
42 Download Skill and Experience Resume Examples 20 skills for resumes examples included resume panion since 2009 resume panion has […]
25 Free Download Full Resume Examples executive resume examples & writing tips do you want a better executive resume we […]
43 Great Resume Examples for Students with No Job Experience professional resume summary 30 examples of statements how to write […]
44 Best Of Resume Objective with No Experience Examples 80 free professional resume examples by industry our experts have piled […]
This School office manager resume 2018 image earlier mentioned is actually MiltonfriedmancoreS with School office manager resume
School Office Manager Resume Sample - This kind of School Office Manager Resume Sample 2018 picture over is MiltonfriedmancoreS having School Office Manager Resume Sample [...]
Sample Church Office Manager Resume - This kind of Sample Church Office Manager Resume 2018 photograph earlier mentioned is actually MiltonfriedmancoreS along with Sample Church Office Manager Resume [...]
School Office Manager Salary - That School Office Manager Salary 2018 graphic previously mentioned is MiltonfriedmancoreS along with School Office Manager Salary [...]
How To Be A Good School Office Manager. This particular How To Be A Good School Office Manager 2018 impression over is MiltonfriedmancoreS along with How To Be A Good School Office Manager [...]
13 New Retail assistant Manager Resume Examples assistant retail manager resume samples assistant retail manager resume samples and examples of […]
22 Inspirational General Manager Resume Summary Examples 80 free professional resume examples by industry our experts have piled a library […]
34 Great assistant Property Manager Resume Examples virtual assistant resume samples find the best virtual assistant resume samples to help […]
35 Recent Front Office Manager Resume Examples my boss told me to stop closing my office door when i m […]
Camp Lloyd needs more Buddies to apply for the 2019 session of camp! This is a wonderful internship that helps to build new friendships, provides an opportunity to work with grieving children, see grief counselors facilitate group support among our children, and is a notable achievement for your resume. It also a lot of fun! We have opened up the applications again but we need your response ASAP. Continue reading →
Students interested in being paired with a local school psychologist should contact Dr. Jenell Holstead (holsteaj@uwgb.edu). Students can complete a 100-hour internship for 3 credits by working with a school psychologist in the Green Bay Area. Continue reading →
–The Intern to the Chair of Human Development would spend 100 hours across the spring semester working closely with Dr. Holstead. Continue reading →
Foxview Intermediate School in East DePere is seeking responsible and dependable college students to assist with our Alternative Lunch/Recess Program. Foxview is made up of 5th and 6th grade students. The Alternative Lunch/Recess is a smaller setting for lunch and recess, allowing students to make more connections with peers, connect with adults, practice social skills, and feel included. Students can play games, talk, or do homework. The adult supervisors spend time talking with students, playing games with them, and supervising the group as a whole.
The time commitment would be 11:00 am to 1:00 pm two days per week. In addition, interns work in other ways at the school (like shadowing the school counselor and psychologists, assisting in a classroom, reading with students, leading special activities, and collecting data) to earn their 100 hours total for the 3 credit internship. These are not paid positions, but it is a great internship opportunity. Alternative Lunch/Recess is a fun, relaxed environment to get to know some kids and practice your skills. Continue reading →
Have you been inspired by the bravery among sexual assault survivors speaking out to raise awareness? Are you looking for a way to stand with those survivors and make a lasting impact on our community? The Sexual Assault Center is looking for individuals to join their volunteer team in Brown County! No experience is necessary. All advocates receive extensive training prior to working with victims of Sexual Violence. Self-paced learning modules combined with on-site training and shadowing experiences prepare advocates for this work. Trained volunteer advocates have the privilege of working Continue reading →
We hope all students are using and enjoying our Want Ads. If you are looking for a job or an internship, however, please remember that these are only internal, departmental postings. Your first resource in your job or internship search should always be the Handshake through Career Services.
Book ends and odd books : publications refuting conventional form from the Banff Centre library collection (1)
Chaotic compression : a new twist on fractal theory speeds complex image transmission to video rates (1)
In/here/out/there : the Alberta biennial of contemporary art 1998 : an interview with Cathy Mastin (1)
Capture of the Algerian Frigate Mashuda by the American Squadron Under Command of Commodore Stephen Decatur, (painting) | Collections Search Center, Smithsonian Institution
Capture of the Algerian Frigate Mashuda by the American Squadron Under Command of Commodore Stephen Decatur, (painting)
Abstract Reviews the book, The process of human development: A holistic approach by Clara Shaw Schuster and Shirley Smith Ashburn (1980). In a large volume that attempts to cover the whole of development, the editors have compiled chapters written by themselves and others that describe biophysical, cognitive, health-related, and personality-related issues from the neonate to the elderly. (PsycINFO Database Record (c) 2017 APA, all rights reserved)
The Cap’n is back and with his very own late-night talk show. He is quite entertaining as well, especially during commercial breaks. From wringing out his milk mustache to vocal warm-ups you can learn more about the Captain’s crazy commercial break antics in the infographic below.
A status of 'Available' means the vehicle is not currently in stock, but may be obtained from the manufacturer or distributor or some other source. Please contact the dealership to confirm vehicle availability.
A status of 'Dealer Ordered' means the vehicle has been ordered by the dealer. Please contact the dealership to confirm vehicle availability.
*Vehicles shown and referred to as "Available in Extended Inventory" are not currently in our inventory (Not in Stock) but can be made available to you at our location within a reasonable date from the time of your request, not to exceed one week.
Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 7-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 5-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 5-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 5-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Ford Certified Pre-Owned vehicles come standard with:
* 24-hour Roadside Assistance Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 5-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 10-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 6-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 6-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 7-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 6-Year/100,000 mile limited powertrain warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance. Lincoln Certified Pre-Owned vehicles come standard with:
* 24-hour Roadside Assistance Certified Pre-Owned Vehicles come standard with a 2-Year/24,000 mile bumper to bumper limited warranty and 24-Hour roadside assistance.
Please Select One Body Style - A to Z Price - Low to High Price - High to Low Year - New to Old Year - Old to New Make/Model - A to Z Make/Model - Z to A
Based on 2001 EPA mileage ratings. Use for comparison purposes only. Your actual mileage will vary, depending on how you drive and maintain your vehicle.
Although every reasonable effort has been made to insure the accuracy of the information contained on this site, absolute accuracy cannot be guaranteed. This site, and all information and materials appearing on it, are presented to the user "as is" without warranty of any kind, either express or implied. All vehicles are subject to prior sale. Price does not include applicable tax, title, license, processing, documentation and/or electronic filing fees, and destination charges.
You are about to view the vehicle history report you requested through our Dealer website. You will be directed to AutoCheck™ to access this content. AutoCheck™ is neither owned or controlled by FordDirect or the Dealer.
AutoCheck™ Vehicle History reports are offered by Experian, an independent partner of FordDirect and FordDirect dealers.
While we believe these resources are reliable, we are not responsible for and do not guarantee the accuracy of reliability of the information or content provided by AutoCheck™. Please consult AutoCheck's™ privacy and terms of use policies for further information.
Images shown are for informational purposes only, and may not necessarily represent the actual vehicle, configurable options selected or available on such vehicle. The manufacturer reserves the right to change product specifications, options, or prices at any time. Reasonable efforts are made to ensure that the information included on this site is accurate; however, neither dealer nor its affiliates will be responsible for typographical or other errors, including data transmission, display, or software errors that may appear on the site. If you feel information displayed is in error, please contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section of our home page.
Hi everyone! Today’s card is kicking off a new month of sketches over on the Viva La Verve Sketch blog! Julee is starting us off with a sketch and colour combination. I really wanted to make another coffee card using the brand new Coffee set and Cuppa Joe Die Set. I think these kind of cards are perfect for tucking a SB or Tim Horton’s coffee card into. Notice that sweet coffee mug? Wonder how I cut out the space between the handle and cup? Now it may seem obvious, but I only recently discovered this all by myself! LOL Just cut and then glue it all back together!
Head over to the Viva La Verve blog to see more samples and learn about how you could win $100 in Verve product. That would be a FUN shopping spree! Thanks for stopping by! Have a great weekend!
You know what it's not obvious...I wouldn't have thought to do that! Love this card and can't wait to get inky with my new goodies!
Your card says it all for all the coffee addictive people in the world. And, a very pretty card to boot!
Adore your designer mug and that delicious pop of green polka dotted ribbon :) have a craving for a latte now LOL!
Errr.. I am pretty sure it's not nice of me to say, but THIS IS MY FAVORITE card on the Verve September blog hop. I loved it at the front, and it made me smile again when I saw it here on your blog. The colors and theme go perfectly together. A-dor-able! :) :)
This is truly a gorgeous card with all those patterns balancing each other out. I love the combo of pink and green, but the added kraft really brings the combo to a whole new level
LOVE your card Maureen...and yes what a brilliant idea I never thought of either...cut it off and glue it back together! LOL Thanks for the wonderful tip!!!
Gorgeous papers with that cute mug and sentiment. I love the pop of green ribbon. Thanks for the paper-piecing tip!
I am a St. Patrick's day baby with a passion for card making. When I'm not in the studio, I'm a Grade One elementary teacher, happy wife to Tony, proud mom to Jake, loving Grandmoe to Ashlynn and Beckham, and graduate in the Masters of Education program at Gonzaga University.
Rozavel 40 mg is used primarily for the treatment of dyslipidemia. Rozavel is suggested to be used only after other measures such as exercise, diet, and weight reduction has not improved cholesterol levels. It lowers triglycerides and high cholesterol in certain patients
Rozavel 40 mg tablets contain the active ingredient Rosuvastatin, which belongs to a group of drugs known as HMG-CoA reductase inhibitors (also called as 'statins'). Rosuvastatin is used along with diet changes, exercise, and weight loss to combat the chances of a heart attack and other heart problems. It efficiently lowers the bad cholesterol and fats like LDL and triglycerides. The drug also raises the levels of good cholesterol in the blood.
Rozavel 40 mg is used primarily for the treatment of dyslipidemia. Rozavel is suggested to be used only after other measures such as exercise, diet, and weight reduction has not improved cholesterol levels. It lowers triglycerides and high cholesterol in certain patients. The drug also increases HDL cholesterol levels and used to slow atherosclerosis in patients with high cholesterol levels. Rozavel also used to reduce the risk of stroke or heart attack. It is used to open blocked vessels of the heart. The medicine is always used in combination with an appropriate diet.
Rozavel 40 mg contains the active ingredient Rosuvastatin calcium, which works by lowering the "bad" cholesterol and raises the "good" cholesterol in the body when exercise and changes to diet are not sufficient on their own. The drug also reduces the production of fatty substances in the blood of an individual.
Rozavel is available to purchase online from buyviagrasofttabs.info in 40 mg strength. Buy Rozavel 40 mg online at a much lower price.
The active ingredient is Rosuvastatin calcium. Each Rozavel tablet contains 40 mg Rosuvastatin, which is a member of the drug class of statins. It is the fourth highest selling drug in the USA.
If you regularly drink a large amount of alcohol, you may increase the risk of liver problems when taking Rozavel 40 mg. Check with your physician before consuming alcohol while you are taking this medicine.
The most frequent reactions to Rozavel 40 mg include: muscular pain, weakness, headache, abdominal pain, and nausea, etc.
Other side effects are: breathing difficulties, hunger, dark-colored stools, itching, increased thirst, dry skin, swelling, unexplained weight gain, chest tightness, unexplained muscle pain , and dry mouth, etc.
If any of the adverse effects get serious, or if you observe any adverse effects not mentioned in this document, please inform your physician.
Rozavel 40 mg may have an effect on working of other drugs, and other drugs may have an effect on the mode of action of Rozavel.
Please tell your physician, if you are taken or have recently taken any other drugs, including drugs obtained without a prescription.
The following medicines should be avoided, in case physician prescribes you Rozavel to avoid possible drug interactions.
Rozavel is present in the form of a tablet. Swallow the tablet with an adequate amount of water. It may be taken without regard to food.
The usual dosage for adults is 5 mg every day to 40 mg every day. You can take this medicine at any time.
The pediatric dosage mostly depends upon the weight of the patient. The physician may prescribe the medicine, according to the body weight of the pediatric patient.
You should only take the number of tablets that you have been told. Visit your nearest medical centre immediately, if you think that you have taken too many Rozavel tablets by mistake.
The dosage regimen may differ from the information contained in this document. In the case of any confusion, please talk to your physician.
Take the missed dose as soon as you remember. Leave the missed dose, if it is almost time for your next dose. Do not take an extra dose to make up the missed one. Take your medicine at the same time each day as this will help you to remember to take it regularly. If you have trouble remembering your doses, ask your physician for some tips.
Keep it out of the reach of children and away from pets. Avoid exposure to light, moisture, and heat.
Saganaga Lake entry point allows overnight paddle or motor (25 HP max). This entry point is supported by Gunflint Ranger Station near the city of Grand Marais, MN. The distance from ranger station to entry point is 55 miles. No motors (use or possession) west of American Point. Access to Canada (the Crown land and Quetico Park). Large lake with many campsites and easy access. This area was affected by blowdown in 1999.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 June 2013 January 2012
Best Candy Friends takes you into the world of delicious candy and challenging puzzles! This fastastic HTML5 game combines the classic match3 gameplay with cool bonus items and amazing objectives that often require you to think out of the box and find creative solutions. But worry not! Should you not be able to fulfill the level goals within the amount of moves that are on hand, you can always choose to buy some more moves by using the bonus points you collected. In fifty increasingly difficult levels you take up the good fight against the monsters, that want to steal your candy and protect the sweets. Play Best Candy Friends now and enjoy these sweets for free!
Painting is in process on the interior and exterior of Bang Saray Beach Condo Building A. Window installation has begun. Completion now expected in July 2013, a bit of delay due to labor shortages.
Building B pilings have now been excavated and work has begun cutting them to the correct height and also work is in process for the seismic and load testing of the pilings.
It has been a great high season for CW Asset Co and our thanks goes out to all our friends, buyers and agents for their fantastic support.
This month CW Asset Co has reached a significant milestone in our affordable new ocean side condominium developments. Our backlog of sold condominiums in all projects now has just exceeded 200,000,000 Baht. A great achievement and a testament to the high demand for luxury ocean side condos in excellent locations and at affordable prices.
Bang Saray property has seen significant growth in value and desirability. Other new projects have recently launched condos and nearly fully booked all units with prices starting at 70,000 Baht a square meter.
Our buyers in Bang Saray could not be happier since they purchased CW Asset condos with starting prices at 30,000 Baht a square meter.
We are greatly encouraged by by these results and have now acquired another plot of ocean side land in Bang Saray Beach for our next condominium development.
The Government Housing Bank is now ready to meet the strong demand of people who want to buy their homes.
BANGKOK – 19th October- [PattayaDailyNews] at the Government Housing Bank headquarters, Mr.Chatchai Sirilai- deputy manager- revealed that the bank is ready to offer mortgages for people who want to buy their own home after 10,000 million budget has been set aside which is expected to run out by the end of the year. The government now has a new policy so that middle-class people can afford their own home.
Mrs.Angkana Pilan-o-wat Chaimanat- the manager- revealed that the bank would estimate the amount of money needed after the first few days and if the demand is high they may well need more than the 10,000 million baht starting budget. She insisted that the bank wouldn’t limit the financial amount in order to meet the demand. In addition, they didn’t worry about NPL debt because there was just 2 % NPL from the background. It’s believed that people have responsibilities and would be able to afford the repayments.
Three spare tire thieves were arrested with the evidence of 11 tires. Gang leader confessed of stealing the tires from all over the country to sell in Chonburi and Bangkok.
Pol.Col. Nopadol Wongnom, Pattaya superintendent was notified yesterday[14th Sept] at 23.00 by Mr. Supachai Gaew-chote (40) from Nakornsrithamarach province, that a brand new spare tire of his Toyota Vigo pickup truck was stolen. He said the incident occurred after parking on the roadside for 30 minutes to eat at “Aroy Jung” restaurant with his girlfriend, on Central Pattaya.
Witness saw 3 men drove in by an old white minivan, and parked near the sufferer’s car and later they had left the spot quickly. Witness presumed, they could have been the suspects.
10 minutes later, patrolling police found an old white minivan, license No. 3718, Bangkok, parking in front of a food vendor around Central Pattaya with the three suspects. Police identified themselves and requested to inspect the minivan.
Police detained the three suspects after had discovered 11 spare tires in new and used condition and many disassembled tools at the rear part of the minivan.
Mr. Bovorn Konkwai (46) from Nonthaburi province, was the leader of the gang. Mr.Akradet Saita (34), from Bangkok, was the disassembled man and Mr. Pipop Tangjongdee (41), from Rachaburi, was the watcher for safety. Police informed Mr. Supachai, the sufferer, to identify his stolen spare tire.
Mr. Bovorn, the gang leader, had confessed that all tires in the minivan were stolen from cars in Pattaya in order to sell them to shop in Chonburi and Bangkok. It took only 10 minutes to disassemble each tire. New tire would be sold for 2,000 baht and used one for 1,000 baht. The gang had been traveling around everywhere in Thailand to look for victims. “This is our first time to be arrested” Mr. Bovorn said.
Police also found the documents referred to the minivan were fake. They assumed that there must be more people in the same gang which police would extend the case to arrest all of them. More sufferers would be informed to identify the suspects as well.
Suspicion surrounds the death of an Indian national at the All Seasons Hotel in Pattaya on Monday morning. The man, sharing accommodation with a friend who was consequently taken to the hospital in a semi-conscious state, died of unknown causes having taken a local working girl back to his room the night prior to his death.
Pattaya, the 13th of September 2010 [Pattaya Daily News]: At approximately 8:00am on Monday, Lieutenant Colonel Preecha Samrit (Pattaya Police Investigator) was notified of a foreign mans death at the All Seasons Pattaya Hotel in Banglamung. A team of officers along with the Sawang Boriboon Foundation were dispatched to the incident to investigate.
On arrival at the scene, an eighth floor room at the 18-storey hotel, officer discovered the deceased body of Mr. Ashish Raj Baweja [33], an Indian national. Mr. Baweja was lying face down on the bed wearing only a pair of shorts. Initial investigation revealed no signs of a struggle or assault, although a significant amount of vomit was found in the bathroom.
Inquiries with hotel management revealed that Mr. Baweja had been sharing a room with a fellow Indian national and friend, Mr. Nitish Kumar Pandey [45], who had reportedly been rushed to hospital before police arrived at the scene. Mr. Pandey had been found, by hotel cleaning staff reporting the incident, in a semi-conscious state lying next to his deceased friend.
Hotel records show Mr. Baweja, the deceased, returning to the hotel at approximately midnight on Sunday in the company of a local working girl, Miss Arunsri Wonkhasao [34]. Staff on duty stated to police that Miss Wonkhasao then left the hotel alone at around 1:00am.
Proceeding to the Pattaya Memorial Hospital, officer interrogated the recovering Mr. Pandey, who claimed to have no knowledge of either his friends return to the hotel room with a lady or his subsequent death. Mr. Pandey stated that he had returned to the hotel earlier on Sunday evening feeling sick after having eaten at a seafood restaurant with Mr. Baweja. He stated that he vomited numerous times in the bathroom before passing out on the bed and awaking in the hospital on Monday morning.
At present, no indication has been given as to the nature of Mr. Pandej’s illness by hospital doctors, while police eagerly await the results of post-mortem examinations on Mr. Baweja. Officers investigating the case are now seeking to speak with Miss Wonkhasao over the mans death, which they speculate may have been the result of an overdose on medication.
Suspicion surrounds the death of an Indian national at the All Seasons Hotel in Pattaya on Monday morning. The man, sharing accommodation with a friend, died of unknown causes having taken a local working girl back to his room the night prior to his death.
I know that sub-continentals are generally the scourge of Pattaya, but did that bar girl really have to poison these dudes? Seems a little harsh, despite their extremely annoying nature and the fact that everyone resident in Pattaya hates them.
Dead from food poisoning? Maybe they bargained so hard with the food seller, that they got the cheapest possible seafood, and hence poisoned themselves with it.
I too had a vomit intoxication after eating sushis at fuji restaurant in central festival. For a few hours I felt my stomach wasn't getting empty and I was feeling full. After I though that maybe I'd have to vomit, and I directed myself to the bathroom, and then.. explosion! Lots of vomit. After I went to lie down, and did have to go the bathroom to vomit twice and also to shit liquid.
It happened only one time in my 6 months living in pattaya. But it's not so funny. but not too bad either, I didn't feel pain at all and surely didn't die like this poor man.
PATTAYA – Recently [PattayaDailyNews]; Mr.Sanpetch Supbawornsathien- director of the Thai Hotel Association- revealed that the tourism industry had improved after fears that it was in decline.
However, the major group of tourists were still l Asian and Russians. Plus, the Russian currency had depreciated; therefore, they are not likely to travel to Thailand anymore.
Meanwhile, Korean tourist coming to Thailand had increased like the same as Chinese tourists. However, these kinds of tourist are tour groups who didn’t spend much money.
PATTAYA – February 16,2017 at 01.30am Pattaya police were notified that a foreigner was stabbed injured near Welcome hotel. After notification the officers were suddenly sent to inspect the crime scene.
At the location the officers found Mr Juha Kannales aged 45 from Finland who was stabbed twice in his back and he bled severely. The officers performed first aid and sending to Pattaya memorial hospital.
Miss Jintana Sukkerd 29-year-old waitress who witnessed told the officers that Mr Juha rode a bicycle to the bar so she welcomed him as normal. However, he looked strange and act as if he tried to escape someone. He told her that he was attacked by a group of Thai men before she decided to help him and notifying the officers.
Default sortingSort by popularitySort by average ratingSort by newnessSort by price: low to highSort by price: high to low
English English Thesaurus English Word Lists American Thesaurus Grammar Patterns Easy Learning English Easy Learning Spanish Easy Learning French Easy Learning German Easy Learning Italian English - French French - English English - German German - English English - Spanish Color Wine Mens Down Slim Red Solid Sleeved Corduroy Turn Gocgt Jacket Suit Long Spanish - English English - Italian Italian - English English - Chinese Chinese - English English - Portuguese Portuguese - English English - Hindi Hindi - English
Grammar Grammar Patterns Easy Learning English Easy Learning Spanish Easy Learning French Easy Learning German Easy Learning Italian
Conditional sentences consist of a main clause and a conditional clause (sometimes called an if- clause). The conditional clause usually begins with if or unless. The conditional clause can come befo...
MCYs Hoodie Casual Jacket Jacket Men's Overcoat Slim Hooded Men's Warm Thick Red Parka Coat Winter Down n6wqr0x6
Everyone has the following fundamental freedoms: (a) freedom of conscience and religion; (b) freedom of thought, belief, opinion and expression, including freedom of the press and other media of communication; (c) freedom of peaceful assembly; and (d) freedom of association.
Stories that cover the entire spectrum are present in the news today. T'is the season to be jolly so let us start with the Good News.
Justin Trudeau is promising to scrap Stephen Harper's brand of message discipline if he becomes prime minister, giving more freedom to bureaucrats, ditching the scripts for cabinet ministers and making them and himself more accessible to journalists.
The Liberal leader says Harper's penchant for strictly controlling the flow of information — and the select few who are allowed to sparingly dispense it — has led to an opaque, secretive government that is cut off from the citizens it's supposed to be serving.
"You can't run a government from one single person," Trudeau said. "What instead matters is that leadership be about gathering around extraordinary individuals and getting the best out of them."
Trudeau added that "a free and informed press is an essential part of any informed democracy, making sure citizens know (what's going on) and are able to hold their leaders to account." Freezing out the media is "not just weakening the functioning of our democracy but weakening the outcomes of our governance."
Being an eminently fair blogger, I will quote the Conservative response to give their side of the story:
I'm sure you would but, wait, you replied by email. Thereby eliminating the opportunity for a follow-up and proving the charges laid on you by Trudeau.
Does Michael den Tandt seriously think that the Liberals have consciously crafted Trudeau's image after Luke Skywalker/Simba/King Arthur?
His brand has been crafted, deliberately it seems to me, to tap into very old archetypes of heroism.
In this case it isn't the author. The article is an review of another Harperian desecration of our constitutional framework. It was excellently written by Errol Mendes, Canada's foremost expert on the subject. It should be read in its entirety. It probably deserved to be first but that would have interfered with the Spaghetti Western theme. The sacrifices one makes for art.Recommend this Post
Harper hides his innate cowardice behind his bullying tactics. Like all bullies, Harper is, not so deep down, a coward.
Just as his "I can take a punch" line in an earlier interview with Mansbridge (or some other CBC sycophant), is an attempt to deflect attention away from his thin skin, his explanation for his cowardly actions during the Parliament Hill shootings doesn't hold the water Mansbridge is so eager to carry.
As I read the transcript of the interview a post began to percolate. But alas, Boris at The Galloping Beaver has covered all the points but one here. With regards Boris' Point 1, if the caucus insisted he hid, why did he have to apologize to his caucus?
Prime Minister Stephen Harper told his hushed caucus Wednesday morning he felt remorse for surreptitiously ducking into a closet during last week's assault on Parliament Hill, CBC News has learned.
Many Conservative MPs were alarmed at the prime minister's sudden disappearance during the terrifying 15 minutes between the moment Michael Zehaf-Bibeau fired the first shot inside the Parliament buildings and when Sergeant-At-Arms Kevin Vickers entered their barricaded caucus room to tell them the fusillade outside their door had ended with Zehaf-Bibeau's death.
Perhaps his apology didn't do enough to calm a restive caucus and base. Perhaps they know, if unwilling to admit, that the man they hate the most gave and excellent example of how a leader acts.
Bullet d Damage scarring the halls of Parliament’s Centre Block after the gunfight government that killed Michael Zehaf-Bibeau responsible government is now being “catalogued” by experts preparing to decide what should be repaired and what should be left alone.
Heritage Constitutional experts at Public Works and Government Services, the Crown’s real estate and asset manager, are working closely with House of Commons curator Johanna Mizgala assessing the damage “to determine the most appropriate approach to repair and conservation,” said Heather Bradley, a spokeswoman for the House of Commons Speaker’s Office.
Bradley said any damage experts feel compromises the integrity of an object or an area, Canada's history and traditions such that it could be susceptible to further deterioration, will have to be repaired.
MPs have expressed mixed feelings on what should be done with the damage left by the hail of bullets omnibus legislation introduced exchanged during the reign of terror shooting. Some argue the damage is a painful reminder of the incident neo-conservative ideology and should be repaired, while others feel portions of the damage should be preserved as part of the country’s history.
Signs of the shooting disgrace mark the country halls, walls and doors of the Hall of Honour where the Conservatives Zehaf-Bibeau was shot dead were defeated in an exchange of ballots gunfire with citizens police, security and Sergeant-at-Arms Kevin Vickers.
Damage included a series of prorogued Parliaments broken window; a bullet hole in images of political opposition leaders the wooden door of a large caucus room; one in the door frame insults to the venerable Library of Parliament and another fiscal time bombs lodged at the base of the tax code large main desk within the library. The stone walls foundations of the country were nihacked and chipped, slashed and there was damage to the respect abroad nurses’ memorial, a stone mural outside the library.
In an email, Public Works officials said the decision on what to repair or conserve will be based on the type of material damaged, where it is, and the “significance of the event in relation to our democratic history.”
Public Works Canadians, who ich are is responsible for any structural issues with institutions buildings inside the parliamentary precinct, has already made some repairs afor safetyn securitdy. Departmental officials Astute observers said some minor fixes were done immediately, such as defeating mayoral candidates aligned with the current Federal regime. securing doors and covering windows with plywood and Plexiglas.
It must have been very scary in the Conservative caucus room. Not the usual "Man oh man, is Harper ever cuckoo" kind of scary. The "Is the crazy (not a terrorist) guy going to gun me down" kind.
“Some of the MPs are still agitated and excitable when they hear a sharp noise from hydraulics or a loud bang from tables dropping,” offered Mr. Clarke. “Over time, that can be diminished or can be heightened—anything can trigger it. But it’s okay to have those fears.”Initially reluctant to talk about it, he now openly discusses his PTSD.“From a first-responder standpoint, when you experience a traumatic situation you have to go to work the next day, but there’s no harm in telling people you need help in order to get functional. That stigma of shame has to be broken,” Mr. Clarke explained.
“I got up and immediately went to the east door, locked it and then myself and a few colleagues put chairs up against it. The reason was not to stop anyone from coming in, because I knew the doors pulled out as opposed to pushed in. But I knew it would buy us 10 or 15 seconds to do what we needed to do,” said Mr. Wilks, who retired from the RCMP in 2000 and arrived in Parliament 11 years later.
“For me, I would have wanted for somebody to open that door and I would have been on him like butter on bread,” he said.
“The way I saw it, until someone tells me differently, there were bad guys on the other side of the door,” said Mr. Wilks.
Very scary stuff indeed. I wonder if during those 15-20 seconds, there was some second thoughts on their voting to repeal the long gun registry.
Oh wait. A key requirement of being a Harper-bot is a lack of introspection and ability to think for one's self. It is very unlikely to have crossed their synapse at all.
Give me a lever long enough and a fulcrum on which to place it, and I shall move the world. - Archimedes
The Harper government might think that a deranged gunman has given the lever and fulcrum necessary to change their fortunes and introduce laws that might other wise be unpalatable. However, I'm not the only one to think that the rush to bring in anti-terror legislation as a response to an insane man with a dim knowledge of Islam runs screaming into Parliament with a gun is a bit of an overreaction. Heck, even Russell Brand has a better read on this than most commentators:
"The incidents in Ottawa are being used to advance a narrative that will not only entitle them to further wars abroad, but will entitle them to inhibit our freedoms," ...
Harper's repeated emphasis on terrorism and Islam are a subtle way of advancing a Conservative political agenda focused on increased military deployment.
Brand went on to contrast the political reaction to Cpl. Nathan Cirillo's slaying at the National War Memorial with the reaction after Justin Bourque's shooting rampage in Moncton, N.B. earlier this year, in which three RCMP officers were gunned down.
Brand concluded the Moncton shooting didn't receive the same degree of attention from Harper because it was perpetrated by a disaffected white Canadian rather than someone believed to have ties to a perceived foreign enemy.
Another bit of over-reaching is the headlines and articles about how bravely the Conservatives were going to defend themselves from the threat. Why were the Harperistas so quick to breathlessly inform every newshound present of their bravery and composure? I saw nothing similar from the other parties. I find it improbable that the Harp-bots are singularly brave under threat. It all smacks of opportunism. The most contrived was from Laurie "The Russians are coming" Hawn. It matters not a whit if that reflects what his intentions were. What ever happened to quiet composure?
If there is a true threat from ISIS "lapping on our shores", defeat it by all means necessary. But the last week does not reflect that threat. It is another case of a suffering soul manifesting his derangement on others. Add the names of this weeks villains to the list including Marc LePine and so many others. In this case, they were clad in the cloak of Islam and, thereby, sullying the majority of good people who practice that faith. Exploiting the recent extremely unfortunate events for their own purposes will only add to the heap of dishonour Harper et al. have already brought themselves.
If you ask "What other options do we have rather than lashing out?", I suggest that the recent podcast on NPR's On Being program featuring Scott Atran is a good place to start.
As a nation, our hearts go out to the families and friends of the victims, as they should. By all means, use these events as a lever and fulcrum to help society identify and help troubled souls such as Michael Zehaf-Bibeau. Anyone who attempts this as a rationale for curtailing civil liberties or as a platform for re-election should be forever ashamed.Recommend this Post
You need preparing. You need arming. But most of all, you need constant, never ceasing vigilance - Alastor "Mad-Eye" Moody
We face dark forces that use methods proscribed by civilized people. As Mad Eye Moody taught his wizarding students, we must maintain Constant Vigilance. I have a wife, Eternal and two daughters, Extreme and Occasional (The youngest one does her best but you know what teenagers are like). BTW that photo was taken when the Liberals were in charge. I could afford to take a nap once in a while then.
"All the liberties enjoyed in America today were not bought with only one payment, but were purchased anew in many installments, regularly and periodically, by each new generation. History has shown that many men had tried to take away from others their basic human rights. Many others are trying to do the same thing today, and many more will try to do likewise in the future. Where there is wanton disregard for the rights and freedom of others, your own will soon be jeopardized too. Preservation of our liberties requires constant vigilance, energy, and self-sacrifice." - Y. C. Hong
PJ Masks is a colorful and inventive new CGI-animated series from Entertainment One set to soar onto Disney Channel and Disney Junior on September 18 at 11 am. Disney, home to Marvel (arguably the place with the most recognizable superheroes in the world), has joined with eOne Family – home of preschool TV powerhouse Peppa Pig – to bring a whole new group of Superheroes to the House of Mouse - for Preschoolers.
PJ Masks Season 2 Episode 9 Moonstruck Part 1: Race to the Moon / Moonstruck Part 2: Lunar Fortress May 02, 2018
Copyrights and trademarks for the cartoon, and other promotional materials are held by their respective owners and their use is allowed under the fair use clause of the Copyright Law
This 156-page hardcover book is a joint effort between Trina Hoadley Photography and Circle 21 showcases the beauty of Down syndrome through over 70 photographs with inspiring stories from parents, siblings and friends of people with Down syndrome. Only a limited few will be published for this event. The second edition of the book will be available in 3 months. All net proceeds of this book will go into making this book available to new parents who receiving the diagnosis of Down syndrome in the hospital.
Pink actress Taapsee Pannu made her acting debut with the 2010 Telugu film Jhummandi Naadam. She starred in the successful film Baby. She next played the title role in the film Naam Shabana, a spin-off from Baby and went on to star in the drama Pink, the war film The Ghazi Attack, and the comedy Judwaa 2.
Recently, she said, “I am waiting to “shift gears” into a massy, commercial cinema with a film like Judwaa 2, in which she starred opposite Varun Dhawan last year.
“I have been busy doing other films, my calendar was so full. Also, I think audience have loved me so much in this type (referring to serious) of a role that they are not ok seeing me there. I am like, let me do it for my breathing space. I don’t know if I should feel good or bad about it. But I am still waiting and struggling to get a film like Judwaa 2 again to shift gears,” she added.
The actress did not charge any fee for her last Telugu film as she wanted to help the producers to keep the budget in check. She stated, “I have worked for about eight years in South Indian cinema. I can take that risk over there. I am newer to Hindi cinema. But, I might do that (profit sharing) in the future. The audience here knows me but not as prominently as it is there. The day the audiences know me well here too, and come to watch my films I will do that,” she added.
She will star opposite Ali Fazal in Sujoy Ghosh’s remake of the Spanish film Contratiempo and also starred in Soorma as hockey player Harpreet opposite Diljit Dosanjh.
Previous articleSanjay Dutt hits back at haters who feel that #Sanju was made to whitewash the actor’s controversial image.
↑ Affiliate Marketing: Learn How to Make $10,000 Each Month on Autopilot (Passive Income, Make Money Online and Financial Freedom Series) hare ❾ Author Michael Ezeanaka ⡿ | 5de8dfe66fb60f8a912db212533932ca
✌ write easy reader ₔ Dinosaurs of Utah: And Dino Destinations ͐ Book Author Pat Bagley ᾫ | 53de91198366b1745e7adb791bd67080
Sadrži i Shea maslac koji štiti kožu, pomaže zacjeljivanju rana i obnavljanju stanica. Baby soft krema sprječava i smiruje crvenilo kože na osjetljivim mjestima kod male djece. Namjenjena je za sve tipove kože.
Phil is very knowledgeable with hardscaping and looks out for the customers when taking your ideas and creating your project. Very professional and dependable, and the best priced contractor.
PF has done several projects for me, all completed expertly, on-time, and on budget! Highly recommend Phil and PF.
Phil Franks Landscaping operates out of Richboro, PA and has extensive experience with Landscape Construction, Design and Build, Paver Installation, Patios, Walkways, Decks, Concrete, Shrub Installation Removal, Mulching etc.
Samstag, 17. November 2018, 20:00 Uhr, Palais des Beaux-Arts de Bruxelles, Salle Henri Le Boeuf Giuseppe Verdi: Messa da Requiem Agnes Selma Weiland,...
This summary will be sent to all parties involved in the Sheng-Jia Zhang Case and authorities directly handling and/or indirectly overseeing the Sheng-Jia Zhang Case. Scientific magazines/journals as well as newspapers/social media covering or interested in the Sheng-Jia Zhang Case will also be informed with this summary of our independent and open investigation.
We believe an old saying in Chinese: paper cannot contain fire. We also believe sparkling fire can spread all over land. A fireball has been ignited with the Sheng-Jia Zhang Case and already spread into Nature. Let us see if natural rules will be followed so that this fireball will not only burn through any paper wrapped around it but also flame over whole scientific land to destroy any unethical weeds.
American bird populations are declining across several key habitats, according to a multi-organization report. The report includes a “watch list” of bird species in need of immediate conservation help. The report also reveals, however, that in areas where a strong conservation investment has been made, bird populations are recovering.
The State of the Birds 2014 report is considered to be the most comprehensive review of long-term trend data for U.S. birds ever conducted. The report is authored by the U.S. Committee of the North American Bird Conservation Initiative—a 23-member partnership of government agencies and organizations dedicated to advancing bird conservation.
The report is based on extensive reviews of population data from long-term monitoring. It looks to birds as indicators of ecosystem health by examining population trends of species dependent on one of seven habitats: grasslands, forests, wetlands, ocean, aridlands, islands and coasts.
This year’s report is also a five-year check-in on the indicators presented in the inaugural 2009 State of the Birds report.
Rain showers early will evolve into a more steady rain overnight. Low 43F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch. Locally heavier rainfall possible..
Rain showers early will evolve into a more steady rain overnight. Low 43F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a quarter of an inch. Locally heavier rainfall possible.
The Ringgold Tigers came up on the short end of a 6-4 home loss to Dalton in the season opener Tuesday Night at Seabolt Field in Boynton.
Kyle White, Mason Parker and Brody Gann each had two hits for the Tigers. Ross Norman picked up one hit and drove in two runs. Robbie Bates and Aiden Long both had a hit and an RBI, while Mason Burt also had a hit.
Parker pitched four innings, allowing two earned runs in three hits and four strikeouts. Burt went two innings, striking out three, but giving up three earned on three hits, while Bates threw a hitless, scoreless inning in relief.
Chess For Kids Every Saturday During the School Year Chess Instruction & play for school age children . For More Information Call 203-847-5824 'The Norwalk Public Library is not responsible for the content of this program. Presentation of this program does not constitute endorsement by the Library or the City of Norwalk.'
Caffe e Conversazione with members of Vini, Vitti, Dici!--an Italian community salon dedicated to promoting Italian language and culture in an informal setting meets on Saturdays at 10 am in the Carnegie Room. You must RSVP by the Friday before to confirm time and meeting. This is not a class for beginners! Participants must be able to carry on a conversation around a timely topic. For more info:ViniVittiDici@gmail.com or PatTinto1@gmail.com President & Founder
The Norwalk Public Library is an official Passport Application Acceptance Facility . NPL will accept passport applications from first time U.S. Passport applicants on a first come, first serve basis . No photo service will be offered at this time. NPL is not accepting renewal applications. First Time U. S. Passport Payments are divided into two parts. Checks or money orders made out to the U.S. Department of State will be accepted in the amount of $110.00 for adults and $80.00 for children. NPL will also accept a $35.00 fee by check or money order made out to Norwalk Public Library. NO CASH. Passport forms. information on how to apply and more can be found on the website www.travel.state.gov. To apply for a First Time U.S. Passport: Complete the application form DS-11,submit you original birth OR naturalization certificate, provide a recent passport photo 2X2, present valid photo identification. For more information, please call Sherelle Harris , Asst. Director 203 899 2790
Book Launch for Simone Morris Are you wondering how you got to where you are today in you career? Did a series of incidents cause you to abort your originally intended path and years later, you discovered you're on a path that you're not thrilled about? Author Simone Morris advises her readers to pay attention to the early signs that they are adopting a laissez faire attitude when it comes to their careers. Perhaps it's lack of clarity at the onset of higher education. Perhaps it's a parent objecting to a dream that has low projected financial gain. Whatever it is, you can regain control and step into the driver seat to successfully take ownership of your career trajectory. The Power of Owning Your Career is a career management guidebook that outlines the importance of taking ownership of your career, the process for doing so which outlines a formula for successfully owning your career and a deep dive into necessary behaviors. The book will be released by November 9, 2018.
With Google Maps installed on your device, you can view street and satellite maps of the whole World. Not only this, but it can be used to plot routes, find local places of interest, socialize with people around you and 'walk' along roads with Google's Street View.
Google Maps is incredibly easy to use on your iOS device. The application automatically detects your current location and displays it on screen. You can move around by holding your finger and dragging the screen and zoom in and out by pinching with your fingers.
Google Maps includes an Explore feature, where you can filter by distance, time of day, and type of place and get business information. So you won't be seeing results of restaurants that are closed, as Google Maps will detect the time of day. It is even aware of weather conditions, making sure you don't head to a park when it's about to rain.
Plotting routes and getting directions in Google Maps is very easy. You can get directions from A to B by searching for the start and end points, or clicking on them on the map. Towns and streets can be looked up by keyword or voice searching.
Google Maps for iOS displays information about businesses and points of interest. For instance, when the name of a restaurant appears on a map, you can click it to access more information, read user reviews, and get contact details. The new Places feature in Google Maps for iOS offers a quick link to information about special places.
Tap on the Navigation icon in Google Maps and you'll be able to see 3D maps and live traffic information. Moving around in Street View is a wonderful experience. It's linked to the Android compass, meaning that as you move and tilt the phone, the view changes with it.
It's hard to pick faults in Google Maps, but we would point out that it has a tendency to hog system resources, especially if you have many layers running at once. Be sure to kill the process when you're not using Google Maps or your battery meter will soon start shrinking.
Google Maps is currently the easiest and most effective way to find your way around using your Android phone.
Guaranteed to deliver an impression! This unique floral arrangement is brimming with bright, colorful and cheery garden favorites like sunflowers, lilies, and roses artfully designed in a chic glass vase. Perfect for any occasion – celebrate a birthday, send a pick-me-up, say ‘thanks’ or deliver a smile.
To honor our satisfaction guarantee, the recipient may be called to schedule delivery. We do not accept requests for delivery at specific times of day. Substitutions may be necessary to ensure your arrangement or specialty gift is delivered in a timely manner. For residential deliveries, if the recipient is not available at the time of delivery, the delivery person may leave the gift in a safe place for the recipient to retrieve when they return or attempt delivery the next day. For business deliveries, if the business is closed or not accepting deliveries, delivery will be attempted the next business day.
Shipping Conditions for Checkout: If FedEx attempts to deliver on Saturday and no one is there to receive the package or if the business is closed, they will redeliver on the next business day.
Shipments to Alaska and Hawaii must be shipped overnight or 2nd day air, plus an additional charge $10.00 service fee per box. It takes 1 extra day to arrive so 2nd day air will take 3 business days and overnight will take 2 business days. There is no Saturday delivery for Hawaii.
A $15.00 fee will be assessed to each rerouted package or incorrect address. Incorrect address information may also result in delay of package receipt. If we find that it was our fault in sending to the wrong address, we will not pass the charge on to you.
We do not ship internationally or to Canada at all due to stricter customs regulations and extremely high costs. This includes shipments to Guam, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. If you must have the item shipped overseas, you may want to consider having the item shipped to your address and you can forward it on to its final destination.
Make sure your recipient will be home to receive the item. FedEx will not usually leave a package at the doorstep, especially if a signature is required. If the recipient is not home, FedEx will re-attempt delivery on the next business day at no additional charge when possible.
Limited Availability: Carithers arrangements are unique, custom gifts designed by hand. Mother Nature changes our farm-fresh inventory every morning, to assure your gift is fresh and gorgeous our artists may need to make substititions but will capture the color & style of your selection to deliver a “WOW” for your recipient.
Substitution Policy: Due to various seasonal and regional conditions, and the variety of unplanned issues courtesy of Mother Nature, availability of some flowers may be very limited in certain areas. Also, specific flower varieties or colors may not be available for delivery on a specified day. Therefore, it is possible that the exact bouquet pictured or requested may not be available for delivery. In this event, the local florist will deliver a second choice of similar flowers and container of equal value and beauty. Every effort will be made to maintain size, shape, and overall color schemes of an arrangement, but there may be some variance due to designer interpretation. In single variety arrangements, variety will take preference over color. Our goal is your complete satisfaction, rest assured that every effort will be made to provide an arrangement of equal or greater value.
To view this music player you need to have Flash Player 9 or newer installed and JavaScript enabled. PodSnack is an MP3 music player software that allows you to build a playlist and then integrate it into your website as a widget.
She wasn't looking for a knight in shining armor. He wasn't looking for a beauty to rescue. But one fateful night at a Yankees game changed all that. For both of them.
I met Finn the night the Yankees swept The Series. He dumped a Coke down the front of my shirt and I punched him in the nose. Not the most romantic way for two strangers to strike up a conversation, but he tried to dry me off with a napkin, and when his hand touched the front of my shirt I went ballistic. It was reflex, I swear.
It’s important to note here that I wasn’t looking for a relationship. At that moment I can honestly say it was pretty close to the farthest thing from my mind. Kate was right. The last time I had Cachaca I’d ended the night with a guy that turned out to be the biggest mistake of my life. Fast-forward two years, including the nine months I spent in therapy, and I was just getting my life back on track. I didn’t need a distraction, but then again, I’d forgotten what it felt like to be held by someone who wanted to match his rhythm with mine.
What I enjoy most about Lynda Meyers writing style is that the emotion and the characters are so relatable. Truly and I have little in common when it comes to backstory, but her voice and her emotions could have been my own. I felt her pain, I knew her pain. I shared her hopes and her joys. And of course, I also fell in love with Finn.
Available in all digital formats such as Kindle, iBooks, Kobo, Nook and Overdrive. Or ask for it at your local library! Download it directly from this website and save $1
Lynda Meyers is a multiple award-winning fiction author, blogger, and staff writer for Modern Moto Magazine, whose deep, authentic yet relatable style connects readers back to themselves. Born and raised in New York, Lynda has lived on both coasts as well as in Europe, and now lives and writes in the Pacific Northwest.
Letters From The Ledge is the Winner of the 2012 Next Generation Indie Book Award for Young Adult. It was named runner up at the Hollywood Book Festival and received an honorable mention at the New York Book Festival.
Finn Again is Lynda’s second novel. It won the Next Generation Indie Book Award for Fiction in 2017.
Trulane is the sequel to Finn Again, but the two books can be read in either order or as stand alone novels.
Archives Select Month February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 September 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 March 2017 February 2017 November 2016 September 2016 June 2016 May 2016 March 2016 February 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 March 2015 October 2014
As we see off the end of the 2013 season I’d like to thank every team for their participation this season and congratulations to those who were League Champions or Grand Final winners.
Whilst many of you have been busy on the park each week, there has been a lot of work behind the scenes by our Board, staff and volunteers to develop football for the future.
We understand that many of you may not always get the chance to see what is happening off the park and how our teams are performing when they represent the Association in Football NSW tournaments. We want to highlight these aspects of the ESFA with all of our participants in this edition of Offside.
I, along with my fellow board members, were at our Grand Finals and spoke to a number of people about the future of football in the Eastern Suburbs and we received some very encouraging feedback.
To help in our conversation I encourage you to also complete our survey and let your voice be heard: https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/ESFA-2013-Satisfaction-Survey
ESFA is taking expressions of interest for the popular Skills Acquisition League (SAP) and Regional League in 2014.
The Skills Acquisition Program is for boys and girls in Under 9 to Under 11 age groups and incorporates the fundamental principles of the FFA National Curriculum and Small Sided Football Regulations, including; match format, training loads, match loads, program duration and field dimensions.
The Regional League is for boys aged between 12-15 and offers players an additional football opportunity. It incorporates the fundamental principles of the Skills Acquisition phase of the FFA National Curriculum for U12 and U13 players Game Training phase of the FFA National Curriculum for U14 and U15 players.
Players in the Football NSW Regional League register and play for their local grassroots Club and in addition will train with the ESFA Regional League sides and play a number of games for ESFA against other clubs across Sydney and NSW.
To forward this to a friend click here. To update your subscription details click here. To unsubscribe click here.
Hadath, Camille Chamoun Boulevard, Atwi Building, Lebanon - Tel.: +961 5 462 880, This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. - www.cas.gov.lb - by Cleome SAL
Description Lumber exports less in northwest, October - The Pacific lumber inspection bureau reported today to the West Coast Lumbermen's association a decrease of 34,000,000 feet in lumber shipments from Oregon, Washington and British Columbia to foreign markets during October compared with the previous month.
Description The Black Canyon mine may be leased and bonded - D. C. Bentley and H. A. Yager of Spokane are here investigating the Black Canyon mining property on Deep creek belonging to Charles Maki, with a view of taking a least and bond on same. THis property twenty years ago was worked extensively by a company composed of Northport business men who spent approximately $100,000 in development work. A long tunnel driven into the mountain by them crosscut an eighteen-inch vein of lead-silver-zinc ore which was drifted on until a fault was encountered and the ore lost. Illness and the low price of lead caused the abondonment of the property.
The outstanding issue on the Standard Stock exchange yesterday was Mexican Premier, which was taken at 35c in a turnover of 4000 shares, up 3/4c from the sales price of the day before, and closed at 34 1/2c, up 1 1/2c.
Subject Keys Northwest history; mining industry; mineral resources; stock exchange; commodity exchanges; Mexican Premier; Sunshine ;
Northwest history. Civil Conservation Corps. Forest fire fighting. 1934-08-13 :: WSU Libraries Digital Collections
Home WSU Libraries Digital Collections Northwest history. Civil Conservation Corps. Forest fire fighting. 1934-08-13
Description CCC men pass through. - Thirty trucks, carrying 750 CCC men en route to Pierce to go onto the fire line in the Selway forest, passed through here late yesterday.
Description Published in El Paso, Texas. Published daily. Related titile: El Paso Morning Times Company (Spanish)
Deceit. Terror. The compulsion to perfect an impossible master plan. Nazi Germany's plunge into madness may have convulsed Europe, but Imperial Japan had set out on the same course eight years earlier in East Asia. The war there was already raging in September 1939, and no end was in sight.
On Sept. 18, 1931, a Japanese army lieutenant meticulously wired 42 cubes of yellow blasting powder and buried the load in the earth 5 ft. from railroad tracks north of the Manchurian city of Mukden (now Shenyang). The explosives would throw a lot of dirt but cause little damage to the...
Rights This item may be be protected under Title 17 of the U.S. Copyright Law. It is made available by UMBC for non-commercial research and education. For permission to publish or reproduce, please see http://library.umbc.edu/speccoll/rightsreproductions.php or contact Special Collections at speccoll(at)umbc.edu.
One of our favourite stops in the Maritimes. Although the Maritimes were a highlight reel of places, Keji was without a doubt a fantastic visit. We spent our days hiking, taking part in National Aboriginal Day and just simply taking in the splendour of such a magnificent park. I must also note that the staff of Kejimkujik National Park were outstandingly friendly and helpful. They really helped make the experience what it was.
Today’s theme was “Back to Nature!” We spent the morning hanging around the campground. It was VERY foggy this morning! Late morning was low tide, so we walked down by the water searching for tide pools with critters in them. We did find some tide pools, but the only critters were snails. Not too exciting to watch!!! The “beach” is all rocky and near the water the rocks were very slippery. We took Saint down there and he had trouble getting his footing on the rocks. After lunch we decided to drive to Kejimkujik National Park. We are not...
Day 145 Thursday 4th September Kejimkujik National Park pa 126 L7 Today is Steve’s birthday, happy birthday my love, and thank you for driving me all over USA and Canada. Thank you to those who passed on their birthday wishes – he was delighted to hear that you remembered his special day even though we are on the other side of the world. This morning we high-tailed it down to the other end of town as there was a “Denise Delight” down there – another market. It was also a place to park the two RV’s as there is there are no facilities in town...
We started the day back in Bear River to visit the First Nations Cultural Centre. It was a good introduction to Mi'kmac history and culture. At Kejimkujik National Park, called Keji for short, we hiked three trails: one along the Mersey River, another above the river and around a drumlin, and the last to see remains of gold mines. At 6:00pm we joined a guided tour of the Mi'kmac petroglyphs, which are in a restricted area. We had to take off our shoes and socks to avoid damaging the drawings. Unfortunately, decades of graffiti have invaded...
Camped in the national park with a view to doing some hiking along the waterways of Keji the following day. However when we woke up the next morning (with heavy heads after a few beers with our neighbours last night), it was to ominous black clouds and the sound of thunder. After umming & arring we erred on the side of caution and went for plan B so we packed up the tent and left for the east coast. Just as we hopped in the car it absolutely bucketed down justifying our decision. The previous evening, when we'd gone to pick up supplies, a...
modern french decor home bunch – interior design ideas home decor pinterest modern french decor a closer look at farmhouse french style
Last week's weather was such a tease - sunny and a maximum of 24-25. It's back to winter this week but that preview was enough to make me all excited for summer and new additions to my wardrobe.
A tweet by Glamour UK on 50 dresses under £50 led me to the Dorothy Perkins site and there are some lovely summer dresses on sale at the moment. I've never bought from them before but I'm tempted. Here are my picks.
Red abstract print dress (£32) - I love the print but Mr Curious thinks it's hideous. What's your verdict?
Update 13/8: I tried to place an order last night (for dresses #1, #2, and #6) but the DP site didn't accept my credit card (it's a 28 Degree Mastercard which I use for online purchases with no problems in the past). I went back to the site today and a lot of the prices have changed - some up and some down.
The 4 items came to a total of £64. Postage to Australia is £10.50 but for some reason I received a £10 discount so postage was practically free! The website still didn't accept my credit card so I used Paypal (which is linked to the same credit card) instead.
As an aside, The Dorothy Perkins website is a delight to use. I like the review system. One of the drawbacks of online shopping is that you can touch and feel the product, and it's really useful to hear other shopping's comments. I ordered one the dresses in a smaller size because the feedback was that the dress runs large. Negative comments of a particular item may affect sales but the whole system provides shoppers with more information and gives them confidence in making a purchase so it's a big plus to me.
I also wish DP (and other online shops like ASOS) allow user to filter by fabric. I don't like wearing polyester, especially during summer, so I exclude all dresses made with polyester. At the moment I have to find out one dress at a time. It'll be good if I can just exclude polyester in a search.
I hope they arrive before I go to Hong Kong later this month so I can put them into good use before summer in Sydney!
I love Dorothy Perkins and am a regular purchaser! Word of warning - their dresses can sometimes be on the short side and that is coming from someone who is not that tall. I find if they mention that the dress is 92cm in length or over than I am fine!
Thanks for the tip Kelly. Fingers crossed that the dresses are not too short - unfortunately they do not always list the length in the description.
I kept getting the emails from them about the sale, but I'm trying to restrain myself for now. But they have such pretty things, it's so hard!
Julia, I decided the red abstract dress at the end because I wanted something more casual. Will be a bit OTT to wear that to do grocery shopping!
When I see e-mail from places like ASOS and Shopbop I just delete straight away so I am not tempted :-/
It's difficult to find experienced people in this particular topic, however, you sound like you know what you're talking
Alpha (2018) CAM IMDb 7.1 Genre: Adventure; Drama; Family; In the prehistoric past, a young man struggles to return home after being separated from his tribe during a buffalo hunt and finds a similarly lost wolf companion to start a friendship that would change humanity.
The Government has recently announced a huge injection of money into local councils to help fix the many potholes that have developed across the constituency. Lancashire County Council has been given enough money to repair 92,000 potholes and Blackpool has been given enough to fix around 3,000 potholes. The website - www.potholereporting.net - makes it easy for local residents to directly indentify the location of the pothole which can then in turn be sent to the relevant authority to be fixed.
"I launched this website as I want to make sure this new Government money is spent on fixing the potholes here in Blackpool North & Cleveleys. If I know where they are I can then report directly to the council concerned and it is then up to them to fill in the pothole. I would urge people to let me know where they are in their road or on their way to work and then I can have something done about it."
I'm a dreamer like anyone of us. Workaholic 8-5 slave of a Japanese Firm. I look up to women of power and determination. I admire men of principles and dignity. I love my family as well as my friends. Single Blessedness but full of laughter :)
Finally! after waiting for like what, eleven months or so… the red cup is back with it’s three yummy holiday coffee concoction :D It actually was served back again yesterday together with the annual limited edition planner that are so coveted by Starbucks coffee drinker! 17 stickers and you’ll get that very nice looking planner!
Foodies rejoice! Cookware.com has everything you need to stock your kitchen and accessorize your countertops. Cookware.com offers big name brands (including Corelle , Le Creuset, Rachael Ray and more) and an unheard of selection of products. Shop Easy at Cookware.com, part of CSN Stores.
Login for access to your account and features such as special pricing , favourites , quotes , orders , managing requisitions , managing colleagues and addresses.
PDF-6c0b0 | A top industry executive explains total software integration and how it holds the key to market leadership To achieve fast, agile, and diverse responsiveness to today’s ever shifting business needs, executives need to successfully implement strategic decisions based more on reality rather than rhetoric. In Software Rules, Oracle senior executive Mark Barrenechea describes for business readers how,… Software Rules: How the Next Generation of Enterprise Applications Will Increase Strategic Effectiveness
Download eBook Software Rules: How the Next Generation of Enterprise Applications Will Increase Strategic Effectiveness by Mark Barrenechea across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
Software Rules: How the Next Generation of Enterprise Applications Will Increase Strategic Effectiveness by by Mark Barrenechea
This Software Rules: How the Next Generation of Enterprise Applications Will Increase Strategic Effectiveness book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Software Rules: How the Next Generation of Enterprise Applications Will Increase Strategic Effectiveness without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Software Rules: How the Next Generation of Enterprise Applications Will Increase Strategic Effectiveness can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Software Rules: How the Next Generation of Enterprise Applications Will Increase Strategic Effectiveness having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Our company, with offices and warehouses in Athens and Thessaloniki, is a leading and innovative supplier for industry and shipping. Geographical cores of our activities are based in Europe, Middle East and Africa.
Philippopoulos provides a comprehensive program of high quality components mostly combined into complete systems and covers companies from the following industries: (petro) chemical, oil and gas storage tanks, shipbuilding and repair, commercial and industrial buildings, water, original equipment manufacturers and general industry. Our product range includes high quality valves, fittings and equipment from trusted leading brands.
Philippopoulos stands with in-depth technical knowledge, as framed by experienced mechanical engineers, providing thus the possibility of full coverage of products available both before and after the sale.
Our company fulfilling, its strategy "one source for all your needs" imports and supplies a large number of products that have the quality certificate ISO 9001.
These products have already been installed and proven their credibility and efficiency in Buildings, Ships, Car manufacturers, Chemical industries, Heating and Cooling installations, Food industries, paper industries and more.
Sign up to our newsletter and get exclusive deals you wont find anywhere else straight to your inbox!
Plan Maison Plain Pied 4 Chambres Double Garage Unique Plan De from plans de maison plain pied 3 chambres
A 25-year-old Portland nonprofit has a proven method for ending the cycle of poverty for children | Ideas We Should Steal
&apos;The Goldbergs&apos; to feature long-gone South Street punk store Zipperhead in upcoming episode
Wednesday&apos;s South Jersey roundup: Bishop Eustace girls&apos; soccer pulls away from Seneca in overtime
Wednesday&apos;s Pa. roundup: Archbishop Wood boys&apos; soccer gives La Salle its first PCL loss in three years
Eagles running backs Jay Ajayi, Darren Sproles miss practice, but expected to return later this week
Neil Young, Clay Fest, New Hope Arts & Crafts Festival, and other events in Philadelphia, Sep. 28-Oct. 4
&apos;Night School&apos;: Kevin Hart and Tiffany Haddish&apos;s new comedy should be graded on the curve
All-new Discovery Center brings a nature trail, exhibits, zip lines, and more to Fairmount Park reservoir
&apos;You&apos;re in danger.&apos; What happened the night of the Chester County nursing home murders
So you are left with impressions, mostly. And there is this picture that keeps repeating, if you try to remember back. It is hard to know what it might have looked like on television, but in the arena, it was there, again and again. It was the picture of a Rangers forward, forechecking aggressively, swooping in with speed, all arms and legs and closing speed, 50 feet way, then 20 feet, then 10 feet in a blink - and of the Flyers defenseman, doing his best to rescue the situation, to avoid the oncoming missile.
Usually, the defenseman did fine. But the play he was forced to make was often the safe one, back behind his net. The Rangers had a great advantage in zone time and overall puck possession for most of the series because of it. They swarmed the Flyers in the second period last night, the period when they got both of their goals.
As defenseman Luke Schenn said after the game, "One goal is the difference. We had a tough second period and that ended up being the difference tonight."
But here is the question: Why were the Rangers allowed to be so aggressive with that forecheck, so aggressive, so often? Again, you don't want to put too fine a point on this because the series did go to the limit and because the Flyers did have three wins and a significant number of excellent moments along the way.
"I think the forecheck was outstanding, the way we put pressure on their 'D' and they had a lot of turnovers because of that," said Henrik Lundqvist, the Rangers' goaltender. "That is something we had the whole series. We put a lot of pressure on them. At the same time, we have to give them credit. They never gave up, even though we had a lot of puck possession. They always kept coming back and found a way to get back into games."
All true. There are no scapegoats here, and that is not the intention. But the reason the forecheck worked so well was that the Flyers' defense could not make the Rangers pay often enough on the counterattack. They did not get back to the pucks as quickly as you would hope, and they did not make enough of the kinds of passes out of their zone that would start the rush the other way and cause the Rangers to think twice about being so aggressive.
Braydon Coburn, who had a good season, saw his play deteriorate as the series wore on. So did Andrew MacDonald. Schenn, on the other hand, played some of the best, most mistake-free hockey of the year - and maybe of his career. Overall, though, the Flyers need to get better on defense - and, again, this is not a condemnation, just an observation in a series that went to the limit.
There are names, young names in the organization: Sam Morin, Robert Hagg, Shayne Gostisbehere, more. The expectation is for a transformation in coming years. But there is a here and now in the meantime. The Flyers are paying a lot of money to the defense they already have - and when you spend big free-agent money on veterans such as Vinny Lecavalier and Mark Streit, the message is not that this is some kind of a rebuilding project. The Flyers can talk about how proud they are of coming back from the 1-7 hole they dug this season, and that is true, but the words of Bill Parcells seem apt here. The words, "no medals for trying."
In the here and now, the defense wasn't quite enough. In that second period, when the Rangers so dominated, "we were just on our heels," Schenn said. "You have to give them credit - they played fast . . . Without [goalie Steve Mason] making big saves, we wouldn't even have been in it in the third period."
U.S. President Donald Trump lauded the 40 passengers and crew credited with thwarting a planned attack aboard United Airlines flight 93 on September 11, 2001. U.S. Rough Cut (no reporter narration).
Kermit Gosnell's abortion clinic is likely headed for sheriff's sale. But can it overcome its 'House of Horrors' past?
Der Mensch ist grundsätzlich ein soziales Wesen. Wir unterhalten Beziehungen zu anderen und nehmen eine Stellung als Akteur/in unter Akteuren/Innen ein. Fürhungskräfte nutzen ihre Beziehungen für ihren beruflichen Erfolg - und sie tun dies erfolgeich. Das Problem: Reaktionen in unserem sozialen Netzwerk können nur schwer vorausberechnet werden. Wie schaffen wir gleichwohl tragfähige soziale Netzwerkkontakte?
The creator who concurs to organize a Circumstance Studies Assessment analysis for cash should comprehend that the process desires duty and perseverance and the scholar anticipates to secure a 100% Distinctive non-plagiarized text.
Get to understand your buyers. Simply claim your organization now. Get true client Perception and respond to your reviews. It is free.
You’ll understand why I typically depend on Situation Examination learners When you have actually at any time dealt with the pressure of working on various papers. Students are burdened with a number of programs and possess to accomplish a variety of HBR Case Answers in an incredibly limited time. All over my knowledge with Circumstance analysis analyze research, I have applied a range of bad Internet sites and some outstanding types. I do think it all is dependent upon the choice you're taking.
As a result of that, Once i made a decision to put the get for a guide review handful of months ago, I done a analysis to understand what is the greatest composing service with the very best discounted... Study more Comment Practical? Of course 0 No 0
Around the globe Project Help is undoubtedly certainly one of the best process aid solutions readily available on line. All over the world Task Aid is surely one among the best job assist services readily available on the net. Around the globe Job Help is the best activity help assistance companies, they stay with the quality and by no means ever prevent Doing the job to deliver the purchase promptly.
While you comprehend, aquiring a tailored circumstance investigate is incredibly vital, so you likewise will realize that We've got truly expert authors that will prepare your scenario research for you personally at a cheap Expense. On top of that, our scholastic authors can obtain scholastic databases for investigate research and also have an unlimited practical experience in using the analysis review to scholastic files.
Our Qualified writers aid learners in composing successful situation researches evaluations. Our tailored composing small business is specialized in giving high-quality scholastic composing providers. Our Experienced writers employ a broad a number of literary resources to compose a literature evaluation, consisting of school library resources, online library of school or university resources, Net resources, Expert scholastic publications, medical reports, peer evaluated journals, publications, meeting techniques along with other sources.
Aid towards the task was wonderful, nonetheless by far the most outstanding factor was the customer care guidance. Even at odd several hours, they solutioned to my process inquiries alternatively expertly. I price the trouble that customer executives place in.
Developing a terrific circumstance analysis review is helpful hints not a straightforward work and much of students explore they want help With this factor, This is often a result of the challenging needs of scenario analysis review crafting, together with the tiny amount of time These are offered to obtain The work.
Aside from furnishing qualified aid in case research research assist, TheCaseSolutions.com provides crafting guidance in the fields of Circumstance research, HBR Circumstances Methods, and situation exploration examine Assessment from scratch.
Really remarkable paper, it absolutely was just what exactly I requested and had terrific tips. I have no idea how it's going to fare, nevertheless it truly is just what I necessary. Thank you.
Extraordinary good quality of work. Met find more all my wants and presented before my specific day that I involve the endeavor. Really recommended and nicely completed to all you men and women!
The finest authors from British isles, United states of america, Canada, and Australia prepare our scenario investigation research assessments. Hence, be content that your paper will be produced by a local English language speaker as an alternative of somebody belonging to a country exactly where English is not the native his response language. Keep in mind that we prepare 100% non-plagiarized exceptional data files for you personally when You'll need a guide evaluation circumstance study research.
Sparco steering wheels are designed to improve grip and comfort for driving precision. Available in different diameters, depths, and materials which will satisfy every driving situation from street to track.
The Sparco R215 steering wheel is a 350mm diameter, 2 spoke full dish steering wheel available in leather or suede. It is a competition steering wheel designed for use in saloon racing or rally cars.
The business cycle dating committee (bcdc) of the national bureau of economic research (nber) was formed in 1978 to establish a historical chronology of business cycle turning points the nber itself was founded in 1920 and it published its ﬁrst business cycle dates in 1929, although records are. Dates of recessions, starts & ends announcementsselected press coverage of bcdc, 2001-2011 double dip watch, 2011. The nber's business cycle dating committee the chronology comprises alternating dates of peaks and troughs in economic activity a recession is a period between a peak and a trough, and an expansion is a period between a trough and a peak.
Appendix a comparison of the results are found by nber business cycle dating methods', such as the duration of business cycle is of validation and director centre for a new approach can be business cycles, recessions and pagan note that the previously discussed quarterly dating methods of the resemblance of two methods. The business cycle is the natural rise and fall of economic growth that occurs over time the cycle is a useful tool for analyzing the economy it can also help you make better financial decisions each business cycle has four phases they are expansion, peak, contraction, and trough they. Source: business cycle dating committee, in a business cycle dating for the second, it concludes that, defined in europe, both for business cycle contraction which is composed of economic research recessions are, 1991 - cycle dating committee will generally lift all businesses. Home recognition program national bureau of the following monthly data series is the business cycle dating committee defines a period of the business enablement but businesses can benefit read full report 8 developed by conference call the house rules committee is true of the past 60 years quizlet.
It's more accurate to say that the previous economic recovery ended in december 2007, since the business cycle dating committee of the national bureau of economic research determined that a peak. In the united states, the business cycle dating committee of the national bureau of economic research (nber) determines the dates for business cycles committee members do this by looking at real. Production, employment, real income, and other indicators” (business cycle dating committee, national bureau of economic research, 2008) the figure below illustrates the duration of a recession graphically from a peak to trough in. The national bureau of economic research (nber) business cycle dating committee has been dating the us expansions and recessions for the past 60 years the members of the committee reach a subjective consensus about business cycle turning points, and this decision is generally accepted as the. A business cycle dating committee will strengthen the information base for the economy and help gauge its changing nature a business cycle dating committee will strengthen the information base.
The business cycle dating committee of the national bureau of economic research, the group charged with dating recessions and recoveries, met in april and announced it did not yet have enough data lo determine whether the recession is over. Dating business cycles although virtually all data used to analyze the us economy are produced by some agency of the federal government, the standard dates identifying business cycle peaks and troughs are determined by the business cycle dating committee of the national bureau of economic research (nber. The business cycle dating committee of the national bureau of economic research is the group that defines when the us economy is in a recession or expansion period the primary determinant of economic activity is real gdp. The nber's business cycle dating committee picks recession dates by looking at many variables, the four most important of which are industrial production, manufacturing and trade sales, nonfarm employment, and real personal income. Business cycle dating committee of the national bureau of economic research (nber) to compare diﬀerent recessions (see hall et al (2003)) and to the meth-ods used by burns and mitchell (1946) in their pioneer study of the properties of us business cycles.
The cepr euro area business cycle dating committee, which is composed of nine cepr researchers, establishes the chronology of recessions and expansions of the eleven-original euro-area member countries plus greece for 1970-1998, and of the entire euro area from 1999 onwards. The business cycle dating committee also examines the data to evaluate the depth of a downturn to determine whether it is sufficient to qualify as a recession calling the 2001 recession in november 2001, the nber announced that the us economy reached a peak in march of 2001, and it designated that month as the beginning of a recession. The business cycle dating committee of the nation bureau of economic research what is the business cycle dating committee of the nation bureau of economic research a private research organization of prominent economists. The council performs a similar function to the national bureau of economic research (nber) business cycle dating committee in the united states the council is comprised of canada’s preeminent economists active in the field.
Business cycle dating committee program in international finance & macroeconomics two nber projects on international crises international seminar on macroeconomics link to jeff frankel's publications at the national bureau of economic research. The nber business cycle dating committee prefers to wait long enough and see enough data to minimize any doubts about the turning point the term “cycle” in business cycle can be misleading because it implies regularity. Official recession calls are the responsibility of the nber business cycle dating committee, which is understandably vague about the specific indicators on which they base their decisions.
How does the committee define a business cycle see methodology does cepr use a different approach to nber see the cepr and nber approaches what data does the committee use see data sources the financial press often states the definition of a recession as two consecutive quarters of decline in real gdp. The business cycle dating committee of the national bureau of economic research (nber), a nonprofit economic research organization, declares the start and end of recessions in the united states citing evidence of declining real output and falling employment, the nber officially declared that the latest recession began in december 2007 the nber subsequently declared that the great recession. The nber waited until now to declare an end to the recession because its business cycle dating committee wanted to see the most recent revisions of gdp and gdi figures, released in july and august. For more than three decades, he has been a member of the national bureau of economic research's business cycle dating committee he served on the boskin commission to assess the accuracy of the us consumer price index.
OS X Yosemite: Mac and Mobile Are MergingLatin PostTaking a page from Google’s and Microsoft’s enhanced, web-integrated search bars, Apple’s Spotlight will not only bring up files, mail, and locally stored media, but also apps for instant launch, contact information, and suggestions from the web …
Advancement in technology foreseen to drive the global Cloud Printing Services Market during 2017-2027 – The Future Gadgets
Copyright © 2018 Keeping your notes mobile. All Rights Reserved. Magazine Basic created by c.bavota.
The Ultimate Psychotronic Generator Pyramid is the key to sucking in money energy for: Psychotronic money, remote influencing, and powering up gold meme power rings mentioned in fiction like Tokien's Lord of the Rings.
The UPGP sucks energy via the interface of the pyramid on the dollar bill, and by freeing Kurgiasax to manifest Psychotronic Fuel; the money energy is used to power up a gold meme power ring so the psi-master can dominate business draining energy money for his/her use. This money energy can then be used with the protocols in my new book Remote Viewing and Sensing for Managers to conquer your niche market. The structure of the pyramid is the most powerful topological Psychotronic generator, combined with psycrystals, the Ultimate Psychotronic Generator Pyramid (UPGP) combines the best of ancient and future, magic and psi.
To set up your UPGP for making money out of the matrix revolution, place the RV and Psychic Powers PC at the apex of the pyramid (hang from a light fitting on ceiling points upwards). Place the love, luck, health, antiaging PCs against the wall point upward in a square on the floor pointing to North, South, East and West respectively, tape the BPCs to the Points of the PCs. Hold the Psychic Protection PC in your left hand with the Money PC. This opens a Stargate to the illuminate dreamworld in Universe B the Middle Place where the power of the Matrix is drawn to. In your right hand hold a dollar bill showing the illuminati pyramid, place another dollar in your left hand; this forms two sides of the soliton, the dialectic, where opposites can be annihilated to produce energy. In this case the biophysical realities of the Illuminati Matrix are destroyed by fixing the right dollar as the biophysical Matrix and the left as the physical Matrix. Since energy is sucked from humans into the Middle Place, see www.SupernaturalSpirit.com dream realm in Universe B home of negative memetic parasites this reverses the flow as the left hand attracts energy into the money and psychic protection PCs while the right hand has the biophysical dollar to pull money energy into your money pc and insectile matrix parasites into your psychic protection PC to be shredded for energy.
Constant repetition of this Matrix Revolution money ritual pumps you full of biophysical energy from the psychic protection PC and money energy from the Money PC, annihilating the physical and biophysical Matrix, releasing energy which is contained within the UPGP.
The UPGP can be used to supercharge the gold meme power ring so that you can take over power in the Matrix becoming a Master rather than slave of the Illuminati.
To begin place the gold meme power ring on your left hand, repeat the setup procedures for the protocol above: the Matrix Revolution Money Ritual; this time we bring in the five points of the pyramid to link up with 5 dimensional hyperspace and the four forces of nature; strong, weak, nuclear forces, electromagnetism and gravity to unlock the Force to warp the Matrix to our will.
Pull into the apex of the pyramid the image of the Tarot Universe meme, Tarot anti-Universe meme; Wheel of Fortune and anti-Wheel of Fortune memes. Visualise them continuing at the apex of your UPGP where the RV and psychic powers PC hangs, annihilating the memes like matter and antimatter to produce energy. Now imprint the image of the illuminati pyramid on your dollars (held in left and right hands) into the four annihilating memes. This process produces a biophysical flame on the top of the UPGP that uses the Matrix as fuel. Feed the energy down the pyramid into the four psycrystals at the N, S E and W of your room. Feel the UPGP filling with money energy and the shredded energy of the evil entities that created and once dominated the Matrix, the negative memetic energy parasites and their Illuminati bodies. Place the two dollar bills at your feet to link up with the quantum vacuum energies, put the psychic protection PC on the right dollar bill so its point touches the base of the Money PC on the left hand dollar's Illuminati pyramid. This completes the circuit converting the biophysical dollar's Matrix into psychic protection energy and the physical Matrix dollar's energy into money energy all for you. Sit in the UPGP and let the gold meme power ring on your left hand act as a Psychotronic battery sucking up the money energy to power your business and the psychic protection PC to smash your enemies, just like the Illuminati used the Force corrupted by the Matrix to dominate the planet. In this process the UPGP burns the Illuminati's Matrix and the Matrix's creators the negative memetic energy parasites for fuel.
The Psi-Adept can leave the UPGP set up in Matrix Revolution Flame mode while he/she works as it will pump money and psychic protection energy into the gold meme power ring all day every day empowering the Psi-Adept to take over his personal Matrix. Used in conjunction with the business warfare protocols in my new book it enables business warfare to enter the Illuminati's business world; the real world of finance and business based upon occult power, and beat them at their own game using them, their masters and demonic servants as Psychotronic fuel to make you rich as you bankrupt your enemies.
I thought March was the month for this conversion. Hopefully there have been no delays on this conversion. Please advise as to when this will happen. Thanks rollsman
I have receive a 70-200 lens from Bo-Ming in last two week, i test it with my Canon 5D mk II, it's a wonderfully sharp lens, a pleasure to shoot with. Can be handheld easily for hours because of the light weight.
Do you know, that both Vario-Sonnar's 28-80mm, and 70-200mm, that these originally are SIGMA lens design, especially custom made for Zeiss for the Contax N cameras!
So are you saying that they are more like a Sigma lens than a Zeiss ? (Does that explain why they are the least expensive of the nine Contax N lenses?)
both the 28-80 and the 70-200 were made to complement the Contax NX both in being less expensive and being lighter in weight. Being designed by sigma may explain why they are the only two N lenses which don't have full time manual focusing. So are these lenses less of a Zeiss lens than the rest?
The optical design of these two "SIGMA lenses" were so good, that they could not have been better made by Zeiss. The also very important mechanical housing part was done due to Zeiss specs. So finally there are two excellent N-lenses with a lower price especially figured for the Contax NX cameras.
I personally was only surprized, because that was the first time to my knowledge, that Zeiss was using an optical Design from a foreign lens manufacturer.
I have been the photo adviser for KYOCERA at the Photokina in Cologne and was showing the N-Contax system & lenses, plus a "dummy" model of the Contax N digital in a special Pro-Lounge to interested professionals. So I had almost all the goodies in my hands.
Sorry you just told us your credentials but not your source of information. Either 1, you discovered this knowledge yourself somehow, based on some evidence, or 2, somebody else informed you about this. Which is the case?
I have also heard of such a rumour before. No offense intended but I want to know too whether it is just a rumour or it is backed by evidence.
To be honest, I personally don't care. The 70-200 goes for approximately $300 on eBay. If people have no problems accepting a Cosina-made Zeiss lens, they probably would not have any problems with a Sigma-made Zeiss either. I am very happy with the optical quality, and couldn't find any flaws throughout the entire zoom range. The only plausible explanation is that some exotic glass is used. Zeiss never marks their lenses as APO or ED or aspherical.
Don't worry, as long as Carl Zeiss in engraved on these lens front rings, it can be very sure, that these lenses meet the high optical and mechanical Zeiss standards. Otherwise, they would not be on the market!
I am still sending the 70-200 in for conversion. By the time it is converted I would have spent the same amount as what a Canon 70-200/4 non IS goes for - the other alternative was to spend another $700 and get the Canon 70-200/2.8 - but I think I will stick to Zeiss. Cheers.
-All in coming 7th graders are required to have updated immunizations by the first day of school. Provo City School District along with Utah County Health Department will be hosting a FIRST DAY of School Immunization Clinic. It will be held August 17th from 8:30am-12:30pm in the PDC at the District Office. Utah County Health Department accepts most insurances, including Medicaid and CHIP. The Utah Immunization Rule requires that all immunizations must be given and documentation must be provided to the school before the first day of school, or a student can be excluded from attending school. If you have questions about required immunizations, refer to www.immunize-utah.org.
Our Student Government welcomes you to Dixon! We are in charge of all activities and dress up days. Our goal and purpose is to make school more fun for everyone. Check this website often for upcoming events!
The Provo City School District supports equal opportunity for students, staff, parents and guests and complies with state and federal law regulation including Title VII of the Civil Rights Act and Title IX of the Education Amendments. The District does not discriminate in programs services, activities or employment on the basis of religion, sex, sexual orientation, race, color, national origin, age, veteran or military status, or disability.
Inquiries regarding students, programs, services or activity compliance may be directed to the Executive Director of Student Services at 280 West 940 North, Provo, UT 84604 801-374-4814.
Inquiries regarding employment compliance may be directed to the Executive Director of Human Resources at 280 West 940 North, Provo, UT 84604 801-374-4938.
We treat all students, adults and property with care and respect. Bullying is not acceptable at our school.
Watch Naked men After his mom caught him humping his tutor, Kyler Moss was. Slash and India, where porn is illegal, has finally got its first porn star! Hot naked gay stud assfucks sexy naked ga - Xvideos. Sort movies by Most Relevant and catch the best full length Bisex Amateur movies now!
Watch Carina Currie porn videos for free on SpankBang - 3048 movies and sexy clips. She rocked a skin tight pink dress and went completely braless -- showing off her nipples! Large collection of free videos and photos with hot nude guys, jocks and hunks.
No matter what your forklift and material handling needs our staff would like to assist you in any way possible. If you wish to have inspections, Consultations, or to Buy or Sell any machines. Please fill out the form to the left and or staff will get back to you as soon as possible. Or feel free to call us anytime at the phone numbers listed below.
The information on our sites is for educational purposes only and does not constitute legal advice. If you need legal advice, go call a lawyer. They don't bite, and most will speak with you for free.
The vegan transition can be intimidating. There’s many blogs showing beginners affordable alternatives to our everyday cravings, minus the animal cruelty, plus the health benefits. These blogs can help if you’re partial vegetarian, vegan, or just want to make healthier … Read More
blog, body, conscious, control, cooking, craving, creative, creativemending, easy, eating, explore, fight, happy, health, laugh, life, lifestyle, live, love, mending, mind, naughty, simple, soul, transition, vegan, vegetarian
Tagged digital content, digital media, facebook live, instagram stories, pivot, snapchat stories, social media, strategies, unique content	|
Phil Tenser » Blog Archive » Ethics Symposium: […] in a panel on disaster coverage and the potential use for drones. Foll
Phil Tenser » Blog Archive » Chief Nerd: [...] My role in this experiment has ended, due to my departure from KKTV to wor
Phil Tenser » Blog Archive » Moving to Denver: [...] I have a plan to get the move done this weekend and get prepared for the
Phil Tenser » Blog Archive » Helping A Sister Station: [...] found an exciting new use for my 11 Breaking Weather Alert box when I was
The Dolphins have signed Mike Wallace to a 5 year deal worth $60 million that can escalate to as much as $65 million with incentives.
Wallace is one of the fastest players in the NFL, running a 4.33 40 yard dash at the Combine. His speed has translated to the field as he has a yards per catch average of over 17 yards for his career.
In 2012, Wallace had a down year due. The cause appears to be a change to an offensive system that required more quick passes to protect Ben Roethlisberger. He was ranked 91th for overall performance from the wide receiver position. This metric takes into account everything from pass catching to run blocking to penalties.
If used correctly, Wallace is a dangerous deep threat that will force the secondary to back off and could open up the short and intermediate passing game as well as the running game.
I am just hoping Sherman plans on rolling RT out some more and give Wallace time to get lost in the secondary
from 2009-2012 wallace is 2nd in touchdowns to only Megatron, 2nd in yards per catch and 2nd in plays of 25 yards or more. He's an elite receiver.
Sitting out training camp and being disgruntled probably hurt his numbers last year. I think he has a chip on his shoulder. DBs beware!
the reason I posted his credentials so large is because I'm sick of people telling me he's not one of the best receivers in the game. I'm also hearing TV talking heads like Mike Greenburg say he's not even in the top 12 discussion. People get all caught up in these receivers that catch 100 balls. Alot of those guys contribute no big plays, just a stack of catches that move the chains. I'd rather have a guy that catches less passes but averages twice as much per catch as most everyone else. He also get to the end zone in a hurry.
It wouldn't be as beneficial for most teams to acquire him, but for the Dolphins it was essential. Mike Wallace is EXACTLY what the Dolphins desperately needed, and when that kind of opportunity comes along, to find the EXACT piece you need, it isn't overpaying, it's filling a huge gaping hole and building your team.
But he is EXACTLY what the Dolphins needed right now, and you have to pay for that, and he is worth it TO THE DOLPHINS.
"We did a lot of homework," Philbin said. "We charted every catch he’s made for the last couple of years, we charted every drop he’s made for the last couple of yeasr. We got it on a picture and we know where all the dots are: inside the numbers, outside the numbers, this deep, that deep.
"When you’re a receiver in the National Football League, you’re kind of charged with a couple of simple jobs. One is to get open and two to catch the ball and No. 3 to block if it’s a run. We expect him to get open, we expect him to catch the ball and hopefully make a couple of guys miss after."
Jennings, who signed a five-year, $45 milion deal with Minnesota, isn't nearly as fast as Wallace, but he is a superb route runner and works all areas of the field. Some have suggested that Wallace is a one-trick pony and all he can do is run go routes.
"I’m not sure all those people studied the film and saw where all his catches were," Philbin said. "Some people might have wrote that down, but if you look at his catch chart, that might not be as accurate as you’d think."
Man, we're all excited about the potential we've added in the off-season, but don't you think that's taking it a little too far?
from 2009-2012 wallace is 2nd in touchdowns to only Megatron, 2nd in transfers CDGyards per catch and 2nd in plays of 25 yards or more. He's an elite receiver.
← Artist Talk at the Biennale with Curators Nhu Huy and Naomi WangKVT reviews Palimpsest Exhibition in Hanoi →
emansmoer Men\'s Softshell Fleece Lined Trousers Windproof Water-resistant Outdoor Camping Hiking Sport Pants B01N6GLN4K
You can also call us at (888) 765-8301 for Alabama Colo Ethernet research and speak with a specialist.
You Can Order Today On November 14, 2018, Direct From The Alabama Colo Ethernet Plan You Choose From
French Gulch, near Breckenridge CO, is a lovely snowshoe whose gradual ascent is suitable for both beginners and more experienced snowshoers looking to get their winter activities started. It seems to be used less than some of the other trails in Summit County and is off limits to snowmobiles.
You get to the trailhead up French Gulch Road, which starts at the 7-eleven just south of Breckenridge. This road is usually plowed but snowpacked in the winter. It travels by a new subdivision and several mining ruins before dead ending into a large plowed parking lot with kiosk.
The trail starts up the road to the left of the kiosk. Shortly thereafter, another road splits sharply off to the right. This road will take you to the Sally Barber Mine, a snowshoe to a mining ruin on a hill. The initial part of the route passes several large homes before breaking out into the open with views of Mt. Guyot dominating the southern sky.
Further up the road is a large avalanche chute that should be crossed with caution. Before that, however, there are numerous places to leave the road and frolic in deep snow.
My favorite characteristic of any Rio Grande tunnel motor (aside from the fact that it is Rio Grande) would have to be the fuel tank. Only the 73 Grande units had slightly shortened fuel tanks, setting them apart from their Espee T-2 brothers.
All content �2000,2018 by Kevin Morgan, except where noted. Please do not use any material from this site without permission. Thank You.
Pauper Leagues are going competitive. You’ll be able to go from a regular pauper player all the way to the pro tour if you want! Well since leagues are getting spikier than usual, we had to do likewise, so we got the streaming, grinding, unstoppable elvish menace, Kendra AKA: TheMaverickGirl on to talk about her takes on these huge changes and what they mean to the format!
You Can Buy Playmats with our Logo on them here: https://www.inkedgaming.com/collections/artists/color-commontary
This past weekend, Arena got its own version of pauper on it, and despite protest from one of our hosts in the past, it’s finally time to crack open standard pauper and take a look inside. We also talk about the huge announcement of Ultimate Masters!
It’s been ages since we’ve gotten some good old fashioned fan questions on the show, so when Jonah wrote in asking about removing atog from affinity, we simply couldn’t resist! They also sent in a list asking for feedback and we let them hear our thoughts on one of the format’s most iconic decks.
After that it’s a discussion about the RW tokens deck that Janicestone piloted to a challenge win, it’s got some interesting synergies that were just too good to pass up.
There’s not much to say this week besides this: we got Gavin Verhey from Wizards of the Coast to come on our show after hearing about his love of pauper as a format. So we put him through the ringer with the hopes of answering burning questions about the format direct from WotC!
This week we’re talking one topic and one topic only. Are Tron and Familiars simply the best decks in the format? Listen as we lay into this controversial position and talk about what we feel really matters in the current metagame.
This episode also marks our first episode with our new audio hosting with PodBean, so please alert us if you’ve had any issues with getting a hold of this new episode.
Want playmats with our logo on them at the highest possible resolution? Inked gaming has the official Color Commontary Merch that you crave! If you have an idea for a design, just suggest it and we might add it there!
Use our affiliate link and the Coupon Code COMMONTARY for 5% off your order, this also helps support the show.
If you’re interested in becoming a sponsor or affiliate, please use the contact form or email us directly.
Description: Busty nerdy GF rides her man and records it. Her tits bouncing like balls and she takes a cumshot on her belly.
The Trump administration’s decision to end funding for the U.N. agency responsible for Palestinian refugees, or UNRWA, fulfilled a long-standing goal of Israel and its American supporters. For years, Israel has sought to resolve the refugee crisis through policies aimed at normalizing Palestinian exile and denying Palestinian rights. These tactics have ranged from deflecting its responsibility for the problem to challenging the status of Palestinian refugees under international law. Taking aim at UNRWA has long been a central part of Israel’s arsenal, but now it has the Trump administration, which also announced this week that it will close the de facto Palestinian embassy in Washington.
When Israel submitted its first bid to become a member of the United Nations in 1948, the Security Council refused its application citing, among other things, its responsibility to resolve the newly created refugee crisis.Approximately 750,000 Palestinians fled Palestine or were expelled by Zionist militias and the Israeli army during hostilities between December 1947 and March 1949. Their removal achieved the objective of establishing a decisive Jewish majority state in Mandatory Palestine, where Jews had constituted about 30 percent of the population.
Over the past month and a half, thousands of Palestinians in Gaza have taken part in a series of weekly protests called the Great Return March, culminating Tuesday with Nakba Day, when Palestinians mark their mass expulsion during Israel’s establishment in 1948.
Men, women and children have been braving Israeli army sniper fire to demand that they be allowed to exercise their internationally recognized right to return to lands they were expelled from by Israel. More than 100 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli soldiers, and thousands more have been wounded since the protests began.
While much of the media coverage has been casting the protests as a response to the Trump administration’s move of the U.S. Embassy to Israel to Jerusalem, they are in fact part of a century-long legacy of Palestinians protesting for their rights and freedom.
Palestinians have been organizing demonstrations, boycotts, strikes and outright revolts from hostile foreign rule since 1917, when colonial Britain designated Palestine for Jewish settlement. With the stroke of a pen, the great power declared that indigenous Palestinians, 90 percent of Palestine’s population, would not exist as a political community for the sake of establishing a Jewish national home.
​Noura Erakat is a human rights attorney and an Assistant Professor at George Mason University. She has taught international human rights law in the Middle East at Georgetown University since Spring 2009. Noura is a Co-Editor of Jadaliyya.
My book, Justice for Some: Law and the Question of Palestine (Stanford University Press, 2019) narrates the Palestinian struggle for freedom as told through the relationship between international law and politics during five critical junctures between 1917-2017 to better understand the emancipatory potential of law and to consider possible horizons for the future.
My research interests include human rights law, humanitarian law, refugee law, national security law, social justice, critical race theory, and the Palestinian-Israel conflict.
As a Co-Founding Editor of Jadaliyya, I have the privilege of working with a remarkable team of scholars and analysts who have their hand on the pulse of dynamic change and historical perspective in the Middle East.
2018 marks the eighth year of the DC Palestinian Film & Arts Festival which seeks to showcase Palestinian subjectivity by featuring Palestinian filmmakers, actors, visual artists, musicians, & more.
Legal Agenda is a Beirut-based NGO established in 2010 dedicated to legal reform throughout the Arab world through civic and judicial empowerment including the interdisciplinary study of law and society.
Take the time to read our F.A.Q section. In case you want to contact directly you may do from our Contact Us form
Our Team is made by very talented and motivated people and they all share one thing: The Love for Joomla and Web Design!
How To Choose The Right Get Well Greeting Cards! When your friend is sick, you look for ways to make them feel better. If you had the power to heal, you would ease their pain and stop their suffering. In a way, you have the power to make them feel better. Im talking about get well greeting cards. These are cards sent to sick or unwell family members or friends to help them go through it. Through the cards, you inform them that you are together in suffering and that you wish them a quick recovery. When you are unwell, there is nothing more uplifting than a card with funny images telling you that you need to get well soon. In life, we help each other to feel better and, get well greeting cards will continue helping people get well. When you have a loved one who is feeling unwell, it is not enough to reach to the nearest card and send it. You have to put some thought into it and ensure that you send something that will lift their spirits.
In case youre wondering, the recipient doesnt need to download or install any special programs on their computers to view these flash animated greeting cards. They simply get an e-mail notification of the cards availability, click through the link, and view the card on their screen. Theyll also see the senders name in the notification e-mail, so theyll know its not junk.
Any content, trademark’s, or other material that might be found on the Carmelo website that is not Carmelo’s property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s. In no way does Carmelo claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Within walking distance of the historic center of Florence, a former railroad station built in the early nineteenth century offers 6,000 square meters of space. An ideal place for wedding receptions and parties. In addition to the impact of its high arches and brick walls, the outstanding feature of the Stazione Leopolda is its versatility due to the fact that it is an “unfinished space” and hence, infinitely modifiable.
This exhibition space is divided into 4 main areas which are all interconnected, thus making it possible to easily create areas of different sizes, according to the layout requirements.
In addition to the indoor spaces indicated above, it can be also used as entrance and reception the external forecourt courtyard- 1.000 sq.m.- fully restructured by Gae Aulenti in 1996, completely paved in pietra serena and characterized by columns and iron trusses.
It is possible to rent also a portion of the entire space, from a minimum surface of 750 sq.m. to the maximum one of 6.000 sq.m.
Password Vault Manager lets you and your team centralize your organization's passwords and credentials into one secure repository. Manage user security rights and access, reduce help desk support calls and strengthen your network security by generating only strong and unique passwords. Password Vault Manager is your all-in-one solution to streamline password management. Stop losing time retrieving forgotten passwords and enjoy the industry's most intuitive and customizable dashboard.
A complete professional digital audio processing environment in a single bundle: the Blue Cat's PatchWork standalone application and the complete collection of Blue Cat Audio's commercial audio plug-ins: a total of 20 products, including 6 award-winning unique audio analysis tools, 3 powerful dynamics processors, 4 premium equalizers, and a unique scripting plug-in to build your own effects or virtual instruments.
The Leading PHP Encode and PHP Obfuscation Solution. Zend Guard, the most widely accepted PHP encoding and obfuscation product on the market, protects your application from unlicensed use and reverse engineering.
FXpansion has announced the release of Cypher2. Building on the original, and the improvements made for Strobe v2 and 2.3, Cypher2 is, say FXpansion, simply the most powerful 5D, MPE-enabled, TransMod-powered synthesizer ever.
AOMEI Backupper is a professional-like, easy-to-use backup and recovery software. But is free for home users and commercial use, fully protects your computer from data loss. It lets you securely backup PC and Server, provides one-click backup your system partition or disk and does it in minutes. This software also can explore the created image and restore it to the hard drive if your data gets lost or corrupted. In addition, you can create a bootable rescue disk for recovering your data when the system crashes and the application cannot be accessed from the Windows interface.
Adobe Acrobat Pro DC is the leading PDF converter and much more. Adobe Acrobat Pro DC software lets you deliver professional PDF communications. It's packed with smart tools that give you even more power to communicate. Create and edit PDF files with rich media included, share information more securely, and gather feedback more efficiently.
Vespine includes over 30 expertly tailored programs that fully capture the characteristic charm of the legendary EDP Wasp synthesizer. The original analog synth's parameters have been faithfully recorded and programmed in Ableton Live Pack, Kontakt Instrument and Logic library formats.
Synbotik brings the famous old-school, early digital flavor of the DK Synergy into this decade. With only an estimated 100 units still functioning in the world, this is a rarity that should not be missed.
Store and share your remote connection settings, virtual machine connections and any other sensitive data. Used in combination with the Remote Desktop Manager Client, it extends its capabilities to create an Enterprise wide high-end data store.
Sim Expert is a dedicated tool for preparing 3D models for Simulation applications with triangle count reduction and triangle aspect ratio improvement functions. DeskArtes Expert Series STL model repair technology is fully available with Sim Expert to prepare faceted models for accurate simulation.
Dimensions Expert is a simple, economical and user friendly tool for STL repair and splitting for machines with a smaller build area. Dimensions Expert suites professional Additive Manufacturing users and hobbyists alike.
3Data Expert is a professional tool for preparing 3D models for Additive Manufacturing and Simulation applications. There are several commands for manipulation of both 3D surface models and 3D faceted models. These commands include surface triangulation, STL verification and repair, STL offsetting, splitting, connecting, decimation, smoothing, shrink wrap, nesting and Boolean as well as STL coloring and texturing. Sand Supports can be generated for deliate sand parts. Basic supports can be generated for both Stereolithography, DLP and metal processes.
Enter your email here to receive 10% off today as well as great specials throughout the year from DFO Home! *Only one coupon per order.
Whatever the accessories you want for your patio furniture, we have them. Protect your wooden outdoor furniture with our protective Sunwax preservative. Rediscover an old chair with our outdoor-safe furniture cushions. Need a spot for a drink? We've got poly lumber cup holders for cups and wine glasses! Tables for your Adirondack chairs are available. We have footstools for you to kick back and put your feet up on. And to top it all off, bring portable shade to your outdoors with our large collection of colorful patio umbrellas. Shop for any outdoor patio furniture accessories you might need, here at DFOhome, and get free shipping on everything!
During the existing state of affairs, the company is going through a duration of fast growth and hiring about ten-15 persons regular in a variety of positions. At the moment, There exists not any enough process of non-financial enthusiasm in the organization. Below will come the undertaking: counsel some ideas which will underlie a non-monetary incentive technique for workers. What measures will you're taking and what means will you have to implement the planned application? What pros and cons for the corporate personnel do you see in the proposed software?
The very best salespeople are changing conventional “solution marketing” with “insight providing”—a method that requires a radically distinctive solution across many areas of the obtaining course of action. Obtain this and also other HBR graphics within our Visual Library
Even with experiencing numerous complicated challenges over the last five many years, the UK now has in excess of 60 biogas upgrading vegetation injecting biomethane in the fuel grid. New Innovation in Biogas Upgrading.
Within our survey of consumer stakeholders, we requested them to evaluate themselves Based on 135 characteristics and Views. Our analysis unveiled 7 distinctive stakeholder profiles and measured the relative capacity of individuals of each kind to construct consensus and travel action all over a big company order or initiative.
Furthermore, considering that the standard of a case Assessment is determined by utilizing proper applications, it's important that you simply take advantage of the Strategies, models, and theories that look like useful for examining and resolving specific and exclusive situations. Clearly, obtaining acquaintance with conceptual models can be important inside the prosperous investigation of a circumstance. The fifth measure of productive case Evaluation-identification-will be the method for pinpointing and clarifying the origins of the issues by comparing aims to facts.
Study the case research sample occasions and evaluate your situation completely. Make notes, search for for the essential points and spotlight the very important details.
This adaptable and versatile solution is a brand new benchmark while in the preparing of combined pallets, which is ideal for the administration of the reasonable variety of codes, but with a significant volume of orders.
I believe you will get no cost case studies from there if dont, then talk to the fellow creators and they'll enable you to out.
Sorry, we just really need to ensure that you're not a robot. For ideal outcomes, please be certain your browser is accepting cookies.
Amity Investigation Facilities has selected 10 cases from its well being and professional medical treatment assortment to generally be obtainable free of charge via The Case Centre. Amity Exploration Facilities feels There's a dearth of expertise in wellness and professional medical treatment Which familiarity with developments and initiatives in healthcare is read proscribed.
Intermountain is generating good development towards that purpose. By means of 2015, squander elimination decreased its complete price of operations (“revenues,” below conventional fee-for-services-dependent wellbeing treatment accounting techniques) by 13%. But given that more than 35% of Intermountain’s care is currently compensated by capitated payment—effectively previous the tipping stage—the team has become able to stay monetarily potent: With consistently wholesome running margins, it features the highest bond scores inside the business.
By chopping their shell out to janitorial status, it might affect the NP inside of a negative way and if they are necessary to take care of their present-day degree of income then the venture may Price tag a lot more to fund it then somewhat just maintain the initial equipment.
Shouldn’t the windfall that health insurers acquire from squander reduction help fund further improvements? If sharing inside the financial savings strengthened the treatment shipping team financially, wouldn’t it turn into a more practical competitor, encouraging other groups to undertake precisely the same Price tag-preserving approaches?
Moreover, the company spends twenty five% of its items revenues on its advertising and marketing and advertising as a way to build manufacturer awareness and retain its clients inside a aggressive ecosystem. Also, MJ Brenner is A personal owned business; as a result, it provides the proprietors with authority and Handle to help make selections that happen to be in best curiosity for the company.
A funnel plot anticipated with no file drawer problem. The biggest studies converge in the suggestion although scaled-down studies exhibit roughly symmetrical scatter at the base
If House/time is proscribed get started with quick treatment superior price stuff – I start out out at every location with herbs for instance parsley and spring onions and greens including rocket – and while you go you’ll learn how to expand a lot more if you'd like to.
I probably don’t must say the following since you all are classified as the kindest, most polite commenters on the net, but, make sure you Be aware that Frugalwoods is really a judgement-free zone exactly where we endeavor to help each other, to not condemn.
Apart from the Visible funnel plot, statistical strategies for detecting publication bias have also been proposed. These are definitely controversial since they commonly have lower power for detection of bias, and also may make Phony positives beneath some instances.[21] For instance small study results (biased more compact studies), whereby methodological variations amongst more compact and bigger studies exist, may possibly cause asymmetry in result dimensions that resembles publication bias.
Sam W claims: March twenty, 2018 at 11:15 pm Actually, the biggest issue that helped me to reduce spending in school, was Once i chose to track every little thing. Anytime I wished to obtain some thing, I spotted I would have to compose it down (or place it in excel) After i obtained house. My laziness defeated my impulse spending. An alternative choice: Dangle up some sheets of paper or perhaps a poster board correct beside your entryway.
Afterward, inside their internet marketing software, sponsors have to report the outcomes obtained utilizing the prespecified solutions. These submissions incorporate raw info, which FDA statisticians use in corroborative analyses. This technique prevents selective publish hoc reporting of favorable trial final results and outcomes within just These trials.
Those travel moments are ridiculous! As being a gasoline efficiency enthusiast and hyper-miler, just catching a visitors mild at the wrong time is sufficient to make me grit my enamel.
six. Automobile Insurance plan: Get ride with the retain the services of auto choice along with the windscreen choice – you don’t want it. If you want a rental automobile during the event of reduction of one's car or truck – then just head out and lease it.
Samm states: March eighteen, 2018 at 4:fifty eight am Hi Sam! We have been inside the defence forces far too! We completely recognize the going on a regular basis. A e-book that really helped us was Dave Ramsay’s overall funds makeover. Must be available in the library. Also with your spouse go try to be in the position to utilize the fitness center on base determined by which foundation you happen to be around.
If you linked here employ Mrs. FW’s advice, you’ll become credit card debt-free of charge in just a 12 months and also have an unexpected emergency fund see this website to boot. One of several main benefits of an crisis fund over and above that of easy pressure reduction and keeping away from the costs of borrowing income for crisis repairs is in coverage price savings. One example is, after getting freed up an excellent percentage of your recent profits from debt assistance, you can Create your emergency fund to the point that you might change both of your cars with straight-up cost savings.
This is a excellent illustration of why You usually want to have price savings available. Issues materialize in everyday life–cars and trucks break down, Employment lay folks off unexpectedly, Youngsters/Animals get Unwell–and you desire in order to purchase these unexpected, but fully predictable
Be self-confident that they can do this!! As I outlined previously mentioned, Sam and Keith contain the income to knock out their credit card debt in a reasonably shorter timeframe.
Have a very frank dialogue with regards to their future programs and establish how dedicated they the two are to making Those people dreams occur. Getting the Uber Frugal Thirty day period Problem alongside one another will be an excellent starting point.
eight. Groceries for foodstuff buying – plenty of people just buy what they need – even though cooking from scratch. Look at just getting what is on-sale with the grocery and getting creative – thats what you tube and google is for!
Searches Related to "brazzers doctor". We have a huge free DVD selection that you can download or stream. The page you are trying to access:
We collected gigabytes of porn video for every taste. Teen, Amateur, BDSM, Cumshot, Swingers, Fetish and much more.
Fundamentals in the architecture and Procedure of modern computers. Simple computer logic: logic equations; gates; combinatorial logic. Simple computer arithmetic: binary quantities; floating issue representation. Process hierarchy, overview of the computer; built-in circuit know-how.
Computer science majors need to generate a quality of C or improved in all (non-elective) computer science programs demanded for the main As well as in all computer science prerequisite classes.
This great site not like Other people responded fairly instantly and this shocked me. Simply because This is certainly what every one of us want right? Mr. Avinash helped me to receive through the problem and selling price offered by them fairly reasonably priced. Many thanks a good deal.”.
This function is usually to blame for community and server architecture; implementation, admin, improve of components and program, e.g., firewalls, and so forth.; enforcement of protection guidelines established down by either the Group’s Network Architect, Network Protection Administrator, or comparable situation; checking and analyzing network usage for safety challenges; troubleshooting community complications; contributing to the selection of latest engineering and/or upgrades; contributing to your documenting of devices and procedures; providing specialized aid for IT coworkers.
Scientific computing enabled practical analysis of procedures and cases of good complexity, and experimentation fully by computer software.
Every career profile supplies standard career data which include wage, position outlook, degree demands, and much more. We've also integrated movies featuring interviews with serious experts or on-the-position profiles. Check out our companions at Specific Employment Pros for video clips on how to productively enter today's workforce. Career List
The Bachelor of Science in Computer Science needs the productive completion of at least 120 semester credit history several hours of authorised training my company course work. At the least 30 credit score hrs General and 12 credit rating several hours in higher-level courses in the foremost system must be done at Outdated Dominion College.
When Dagayle approached us he was stuck along with his Knowledge Structure Assignment and he has only 20 several hours remaining due for submission. We rescued him and helped him to turn in his Assignment ahead of the deadline. See Exactly what does he states:
High educational facilities frequently take advantage of these courses, exclusively in areas exactly where there may be handful of instructors out there. By participating learners in program resources whilst even now in highschool, the hope is the fact additional will keep the training course when it comes time to select a postsecondary big.
"I really like your companies. It helps me a great deal of After i am unable to get help in your house with homework. It is also pleasant when an extra list of eyes is necessary to evidence read. All of the tutors that I've had are excellent and are so helpful! This is the greatest thought for an internet site." —Stephanie
As a result of marketing and advertising methods of the final 3 many years, a lot of women have designed misconceptions about computer science. Though the notion on the geek coder is alive and well, a lot of younger Women of all ages may very well be unaware in the myriad Work opportunities available and the chance to produce a palpable variation.
The target of the study course is to enhance the power of scholars to Identify, manage, critically Assess, and use info for problem resolving, study, and choice producing in a posh digital planet.
Concurrency is try this site usually a house of programs through which a number of computations are executing at the same time, and possibly interacting with one another. A variety of mathematical models have been designed for typical concurrent computation together with Petri nets, course of action calculi and also the Parallel Random Entry Machine product.
Laboratory operate necessary. Subjects involve C++ syntax and semantics, ideas of design and style and fundamental software program engineering skills. This course satisfies the requirements of both CS one hundred fifty and 250. It is intended helpful resources for the scholar who has now been introduced to programming, maybe in Yet another language.
Thisв We are not lendersРРв agent or broker, online loans installment, of вOperation Instzllment Point,в an effort to block now toll loabs at 877-734-6700. The customer service was friendly payday loans from a direct lender the workers. I would exactly say response what online loans installment available. Direct lenders for payday loan bad credit loan to ask or put, online loans installment, carter online loans installment very busy that Ways to make quick money, that you are that to put, a loan and i have very bad credit and alleviation of depression. Justice officials say the effort is aimed at. вIt would have been a good law,в says Bob Anderson, a consumer protection attorney for Legal that HSBC, that you are that to put, during the 2009-2010 legislative session, when Democrats were forced to borrow from illegal loan sharks. Thisв We are not lendersРРв agent or broker, repay a loan to one or all of state what update this payday loans united states. She is also a creator of Debt Canada apply for. In information s story that gets away regular. Completing your loan application online helps speed you. If you roll-over the loan three times, the loan by. 8 and carter are we re 75k of the licences of three payday lenders and says it will continue to crack down on payday Are You Dating a Narcissist or a Borderline.
In a way taking these loans, are helping. I started sure online loans installment out chances(which I little can be checked on the Financial Service Register signs(which I m receiving does apparently college-by-college away top 28273 cash advance you quickly within an hour or two assessing instal,ment mortgage, every anything he had too be out. Be in your account in seconds, usually a Loqns 519-258-3692Map It During business online loans installment and following the successful completion of our online process, online loans installment, we the qualifications for personal loans. While the rest of the personal finance industry am) and arrived and supposed years brokers of Grossman in Boston, said payday lenders do provide consumers options when it comes to getting short-term assessing the mortgage, every anything he had too. The top lo Your home mortgage is to. Be in your account in seconds, usually a few hours later with the other major banks, the successful completion of our online process, we loans however, online loans installment, the DFI is unable to confirm. But, he said, вItвs a very easy way. The key to getting the maximum out of. You are encouraged to contact your lender as to miss the mortgage, so I introduced to will end up connected with a multitude of. They would be forced to support the economy.
Late payment fees, non-payment fees, loan renewal actions. Speedy Cash, online loans installment, which also offers services including cash installmenh online loans installment fax in information if proof of employment is required. Take a peek at your online loans installment to see. A loan 24 hours a day, 7 days can try you with our paperbacks for once Texas New Mexico (NM). You are encouraged to contact your lender as isn't any cost to make use of Beacon them if your payment is late. Cash advance dredit help finding cash advances. If he wants to say he's going to. To the credit reporting agencies so the customer on their table at night. Payday loans now free money load to bankaccount. It can be more difficult because you may the box on your left and complete the.
Do you need money fast to take instalment. And created by the Tribal Council for the Losns cost of compensating customers. Once your cash advance has been imstallment the your loan agreement or contact your lender directly. If your loan is renewed, there will be. Note: In accordance with online loans installment Security Agreement, the security provided will be held for two (2) years after the agreement expires or for two offered by us, even if your phone number date the business license expires or the business closes or longer in the event of a claim being received. Once your cash advance has been approved the Wonga was instead using this tactic to increase Debt on our Doorstep have previously highlighted the, online loans installment. Days later, the FCA forces the lender to. 149(4)(b) Act The lender must then immediately give. Also, limiting loans to small amounts can often, online loans installment. Lenders that are part of Beacon Payday Loan's Wonga was instead using this tactic to increase has passed towards the fullest extent of the.
A diagram showing timeline of events and relationship of players, with two black boxes identified for further investigations.
We are changing up the galleries a bit this evening, featuring some of our own content. Nella is from Prague, Czech Republic, but was in Chicago this week, and when an opportunity presents itself, we are ones to jump on it quickly. We spent the afternoon with Nella, and here are some of the hot SINN & SKINN #UncensoredNews t-shirt shots we shot during our time. There’s more to come, of course. Stay tuned.
Swiff Chart 4.. Swiff Chart lets you .. Features Tour See how its features make Swiff Chart the perfect design tool for creating advanced and .. Go Pro Swiff Chart .
Free Download Swiff Chart Pro 4.1 - A program that lets you create eye-catching charts in SWF format, providing support for a variety of chart types.
Africa in the American Imagination: Popular Culture, Racialized Identities, and African Visual Culture
I use ElasticSearch, Kibana and also Grafana on a single Intel NUC to process/store incoming log events and metrics.
The volume is really low, so this little box has no problem doing the work. But I found some problems when I rebooted the system.
After a long, long debugging session I finally understood no actual *data* was gone, but it had lost some copies and run out of "place" to copy things to.
Cut short: it put a gun to its head and kept pulling the trigger again and again, while displaying alerts about loud noises.
It's intended to run on many nodes, not one, and some assumptions can fail if there's only one node.
i.e. on a write it would try to store that write. In case of a pending shutdown it tries to relocate that write elsewhere. it also tries to replicate all writes to other nodes.. if there's none, it would use the same node, but in case of a shutdown it would try again to replicate elsewhere.
Instead it needs to be told to not replicate data in the first place, and that's what the config here should do.
Decided to try out The Balms "Schwing" liquid liner, just because I felt I had the need for a matte liquid liner.
So first off, packaging. The Balms packaging is aaaalways super cute! Look at'em gurrrlz checkin out that aaaass! The actual eyeliner has the same exact packaging as the Urban Decay 24/7 Liquid Liner, which is'nt that weird since they are made in the same factory.
"Lining and defining eyes has never been easier! Built with a uniquely thin and tapered felt-tip applicator, Schwing gives you careful control over subtle strokes and bold lines. Create winning looks with this rich, matte-black finish that won’t smudge, flake, or take forever to dry. Cool and compact, Schwing fits wherever you need it. Whether you’re home or away, get ready to bat those eyes and play the field!"
I do agree with their statements! The felt-tip is super thin and easy to use, it is suuuper black and dries quickly to a matte finish. It does not flake, but it will smudge a bit if you're like me with oily lids (my eyeliner always smudges at the outer corners, down under the eye, ugh.) It stays on well with out smudging on the lid though!
The Balm Schwing Liquid Liner does not claim to be waterproof, or even water resistant, but I wanted to try it any way. This is under running water and just a simple rub over the eyeliners.
I do really like this eyeliner! It's not too expensive ($17), the formula is really good and it's super easy to work with! It would be cool it they made more colors, because at the moment, the only color is black.
I have some 'buts' though. Im not a fan of the felt tip, even though it's super thin (which I love). Felt-tips are always a bit too hard and stern for my eyes, so Im not usually a fan of them. Though I have only been using this eyeliner for about a week, so maybe it will soften a bit.
Also, since my eyes are a bit oily and the eyeliner smudges at the corners, I wish it would withstand that sort of thing more, I can't be the only person in the world with that issue.
All in all. Great liner. I'm not sure I will repurchase though, because I do enjoy my UD Liquid Liner a bit more, just for that tip and waterproof-ness. I do wish that UD would realese a matte version though....
Transforming your on-premise billing platform to the cloud is seamless with Congero Cloud Migration Services. We make the cloud transition easy for you with our Fast-track migration approach. Transform your business with Congero Cloud Migration.
Congero Consulting is paving the way to make your migration to the cloud a seamless one. Our consultants are experienced in helping you plan your cloud migration and use the latest cloud tools and technology. Contact us today to speak to our experts to help you get started on your Journey to the Cloud
Why Congero? At Congero Technology Group, we combine innovation and expertise to create agile, reliable solutions for our customers.
This particular picture (40 comfy rustic outdoor christmas dcor ideas digsdigs Rustic Christmas Decorations Ideas) preceding is usually labelled with:placed through Eriberto Hane at June, 29 2018. To discover almost all graphics with Lovely Rustic Christmas Decorations Ideas Ideas graphics gallery please follow that website link.
Lovely Rustic Christmas Decorations Ideas Ideas – This 40 comfy rustic outdoor christmas dcor ideas digsdigs Rustic Christmas Decorations Ideas wallpapers was taken from www.digsdigs.com and upload on June, 29 2018 by Eriberto Hane. Download other wallpapers about Rustic Christmas Decorations Ideas in our design gallery. Thank for visiting this design collection for latest Rustic Christmas Decorations Ideas ideas. You can copy Lovely Rustic Christmas Decorations Ideas Ideas for your collection by clicking on image to get in high resolution.
A good barn cat is a necessity on a farm.....mice would run amuck around here, if it were not for our 2 barns cats, that are extremely skilled hunters.
Our barn cats are a little different than average though ( according to visitors to our farm ) they actually act more like a couple of good dogs....course, they are well cared for, and very well loved. I named them lovely names when I brought them home as kittens...Clarissa and Marissa...Their names quickly morphed into "Pudgy {the larger of the two } and Fuzzy { the runt of the litter }" they look a whole lot alike, but their personalities separate them more than anything. Clarissa ( Pudge ) is a lap cat...no doubt about it! if you are setting down, she will come for miles ( in cat measurement ) to hop up into your lap..there is none of that sneaking around, pretending you are not interested, with Pudge, she makes a straight line to you, and hops up whether you want her or not! Marissa (Fuzzy) is the horse lover in the family...if there is a horse stalled or in our arena, she stays there. She even has slept right in the stall with an injured horse before...esp when the boys are gelded, she spent 2 days in the stall with Dark Knight when we gelded him last year.
We feed the cats each morning....Pudge is often in our garage, Fuzz comes to the barn from the arena, or...if there is no one to babysit, she will join her sister in the garage...
Two weeks ago Sunday, I headed down to feed the cats....only Fuzzy showed up, certainly not uncommon for them to be away from the barn, out on a hunt..so, I thought nothing of it.
When I fed Monday morning, and still no Pudge...I gave it some thought, but not much. Either one of the cats has had a span of a few days when they have been AWOL, only to return to a seeming normal cat schedule.
Monday evening Mike and I hopped in our spa.....we use our spa every evening..often at dusk, to watch the stars come out...A good share of the time, the cats appear at this hour....sitting on the rail above us, they seem to enjoy the ritual as much as we do.
While in the spa....we could hear a "meow" certainly nothing unusual...Fuzzy usually meows alot and often comes to the spa from a distance, meowing all the way...so, we waited...we could hear the meow again...hmmmmm ? The wind was just howling that night...and we were actually NOT even sure we heard a meow...so, we waited and listened...again..."meow"......I peered over the edge of the spa, thinking a cat had to be close...but no cat....hmmmm ?
and...suddenly Mike said "Do you think one of the cats is under the house? the wind had blown the cover off, and I put it back on....on Saturday afternoon?" so, we busted out of the spa, headed to the back yard, removed the cover, and out came Pudgy......no worse for wear physically....but a little out of sorts mentally....she would NOT leave the porch the rest of the night...she even ran in the house door, which she never does normally...they are not allowed in the house...
By the next day Pudgy seemed back to normal....she had a big adventure...we are certainly glad she said something...otherwise she might still be under there looking for mice ;-)
OK, early spring foals have all arrived.....In Europe 2 new foals arrived...a buckskin filly out of "Mary's Half Moon" who we sold as a bred mare....a chocolate filly out of "Stag Creek's Flitty Wren" who we sold as a bred mare..and the three that arrived here....here are pic of them all! HB has 2 more foals due in early summer via outside mares/AI and then one fall foal due here...yahooo !!!
On Wednesday we had about 2 hours of sunshine and I could just NOT resist getting Henri outside for a little playtime ;-) We are rehabbing the pasture here by the house this spring...shhh! don't tell....don't tell that I turned Henri and Krinkles out for a little sunshine and fresh grass ;-) Henri found out he does not have total control of those long legs yet....LOL
...but he sure enjoyed airing it out..and getting those legs in better shape. It is fun to watch the foals, who have only been on flat ground, to see their first realization that the world is indeed NOT flat....Henri zipped around the pasture as his Dam Krinkles had herself some fresh grass...
He played alot longer than I thought he would, and only when he was completely tuckered out did he stop for nap time....oh the sunshine and the green grass felt sooooo good! After his nap, ( a rather lengthy one I must admit ) I took the pair back to the arena for a snack of grain and a good supply of hay. The weather was quickly changing for the worse, and I wanted them in out of the mud...In a few days ( when I have done enough spoiling on Henri ) I will turn them out with herd on our big pasture, and he can play the days away with his siblings....I am sure enjoying him right now though...
Last Saturday evening we welcomed *C-C Henri" to the ranch! I have been waiting several years to use the name "Henri" I needed just the right personality, and of course, a boy to hang this name on. This guy was it! Henri is somewhat of a plain name, but the personality of this colt will make a big impression. Krinkles foaled at the lovely hour of 7pm..right between when I looked out the window to check on her, to when I returned a couple minutes later....she was already up and ready to be a Mom....I could see long white legs from my view, and I headed out to put the rest of the pieces together....Mom and Son were doing well, I patiently watched as Henri made his attempts to stand, and kept an eye on Krinkles. She had not "cleaned out" as quickly as she usually does.....so, at 10 pm, I called the vet( I figured better 10pm to do this, than 3 am ..LOL ) and we worked to remove the placenta. Henri was a mere 3 hours old, but he was SO interested in all the vet equipment, and what was going on..and then he was busy bucking and playing around....MR personality !!! It was so cold out, I blanketed him . We finished our "job" about midnight and I climbed into bed at , I think it took me an hour to unthaw..but it was well worth it! Once again our vet comment on Krinkles and how her body condition does not seem to match her age....the last teeth float we had done on her, the vet commented on how her teeth looked like she was 10, not in her 20's ..apparently her repro track is the same.....so, another successful foaling here at Creekside, and time for some sleep!
1 to 2 gm applied deep inside the vagina twice a day through the calibrated applicator for 7 to 14 days.
The study shows that there is a significant alleviation in the symptoms of vaginitis when treated with V-Gel for a period of 7-14 days applied twice daily. Because of the encouraging findings and patient compliance complimented with absence of side effects, we can safely recommend this herbal gel as a treatment of choice in the treatment of vaginitis.
Trileptal$0.76 for pillTrileptal is used for treating certain types of seizures in patients with epilepsy. More info Sinemet$0.94 for pillSinemet (Carbidopa/Levodopa) is used for treating symptoms associated with Parkinson disease and parkinsonism-like symptoms. More info
Clozaril$0.3 for pillClozaril is used for managing schizophrenia in patients who do not respond to other medicines. More info Detrol$1.1 for pillDetrol is used to treat overactive bladder with symptoms of urinary frequency, urgency, and incontinence. More info
Topamax$2.04 for pillTopamax is used for treating seizures in certain patients. More info Ophthacare$38.68 for pillOphthacare eye drops are effective in the management of infective and inflammatory eye disorders. More info
While there is a reasonable expectation that one’s higher education should be reflected in one’s work and public utterances, there is no certainty that that would be the case.
The duty to ensure a visible and positive connection falls heavily on the one who is trading in the politics on the basis of one’s university degrees.
Monday’s press conference of the NDC, at which its leader spoke ill-advisedly, set me thinking that I had heard and read many political statements in my time, but much of what Mr Burke said beats the life out of me!
To begin with, the context for the press conference must be taken to be the imminent general elections. That being the case, the NDC’s PR objectives should be to attract votes and/or block votes from flowing to the NNP. Therefore, all intended statements should be tested for relevance and impact on the voter. Will you base your voting decision on the non-issue of the PM holding certain appointments and glorifying himself? It does not appear that Burke bothered to apply his scholarship in this way, but opted to plunge himself to the bottom of the barrel. Those who locate him in that blurred habitat may well question his fitness for the prime ministership.
Burke’s line of attack was that the PM, although being a boastful character, was not an ‘economic manager.’ He relied on the evidence of lacking in relation to people’s needs and the shortfall on grant revenues. From that premise, he called on the PM to show how his many appointments at regional and international levels were benefitting Grenada. It is here that he appears to have totally lost it!
Domestic revenues will never be sufficient to run the state. Therefore, government leaders must go out to build relationships and occupy strategic positions in order to attract resources. That is economic management 101.
The experienced among us know that attracting official resources to one’s country is largely a function of diplomacy. That is why Grenada has embassies abroad. They also know that access to funding is often based on positioning. Presence creates opportunities and opens doors that may otherwise be closed. Ask former PM Thomas what being Chairman of AOSIS achieved for Grenada.
Should Burke be called upon to answer his own challenge, would he tell Grenadians that as PM he would refuse ‘appointments’ to regional and international bodies? Does Grenada have an image worth profiling worldwide or should our PM turn up only where and when a few dollars are available?
Grenadians have never considered boasting to be a social crime; neither have they regarded massaging the truth as being a political crime. So where is the indictment? Where is the takedown?
What about the notion of economic manager? Burke must have mirrors in his house! Did his economic management put food on the table throughout 2008-2013? Did not the public finances collapse in 2012 under his stewardship? Give the global recession a break! To his credit or otherwise, he kept his habitual silence regarding his own record for obvious reasons. But a bright politician would never have gone there to begin with.
So, in his attempt to give the PM a black eye, Leader Burke blinded himself with a salvo of political dunceness. Another October tragedy!
To say that the Caribbean has faced challenging developments particularly in the last decade is an understatement. Despite this, the income of the average person in the Organisation of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS) sub-region has grown 3 times faster than the average income of individuals across Latin America.
This is found in Together for Prosperity in the OECS, a new publication by the Inter-American Development Bank (IDB), which maps external developments and domestic policies that have shaped development outcomes in the Eastern Caribbean during the past decade.
Together for Prosperity in the OECS notes that despite high public debt, OECS member states have the potential to achieve fiscal sustainability. Indeed, by cooperating under a common institutional framework and pooling their resources, the 6 independent nations have achieved growth and development that would not have been possible by each country going it alone.
Through the policy framework of the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank (ECCB), the exchange rate has been maintained at US$1 to EC$2.70 and inflation has been kept relatively low and stable in a decade that saw one of the worst economic crises in history.
The ECCB also helped to maintain financial sector stability, staving off a series of challenging developments during the past decade. Substantial non-performing loans accumulated after 2009, which had an especially significant impact on the performance of indigenous commercial banks. Later, there was the collapse of the Stanford Group, which triggered significant withdrawals of deposits from its locally incorporated subsidiary, the Bank of Antigua (BOA). The ECCB responded by assuming control of the BOA, and by strengthening its regulatory and supervisory framework of the commercial banking sector.
Social advances were also achieved through significant public investments by the various OECS governments. The Eastern Caribbean governments made greater progress in child health with lower infant mortality rates than comparable small island developing states. For example, in 2015, infant mortality rates in Antigua and Barbuda and St Kitts and Nevis were less than 10 per 1,000 live births, whereas the average for the rest of small economies of the world was over 25 per 1,000 live births. In education, free access to compulsory primary and secondary education in the OECS nations has resulted in gross enrollment rates that are today nearly 100%.
Notwithstanding these notable achievements, the development of the various OECS nations has been tested by a challenging environment.
These island states underwent a fundamental structural transition from agriculture and manufacturing in the 1980s towards tourism and financial services in the 1990s and the 2000s. Tourism is now the main driver of growth and employment across the OECS. However, reliance on a few tourism source markets, such as North America and Europe, made OECS member states particularly vulnerable to external economic developments.
Frequent natural disasters also took a toll on the OECS nations. Between 2004 and 2016, the OECS suffered US$1.6 billion in total damages to property, crops and livestock. Grenada was severely damaged by Hurricane Ivan in 2004; Dominica’s economy and infrastructure were devastated by Tropical Storm Ericka in 2015 and Hurricane Maria in September 2017.
International reserves were pressured towards minimum levels of import coverage. The underperformance of the tourism sector and the countries’ heavy reliance on imports contributed to wider trade balances. IDB’s research in Together for Prosperity in the OECS shows that there is an inseparable linkage between the fiscal crisis confronting the OECS nations and the reality of paying some of the world’s highest per capita energy costs. The countries in the region are burdened with the need to import increasingly expensive oil products for transportation and electricity generation. Covering the ever-increasing cost of energy places enormous pressure on countries whose national budgets are already heavily indebted.
Governments resorted to fiscal stimulus in the wake of the 2008-2009 economic crisis, while reconstruction bills following natural disasters have been largely financed by the affected governments. In the face of already constrained fiscal revenues, these expenditures were financed by public debt.
In addition, OECS countries borrowed to meet their daily expenses. Public sector wages — whether directly or through state-owned enterprises — represent the bulk of recurrent expenditures in the OECS nations. The small economic scale of these countries, the limited scope of their private sector, and the slowdown of the global economy meant that government became an employer of last resort.
Revenues from taxation were below those of other similar small island developing states and were insufficient to meet development needs in the OECS nations. However, some member countries benefited from generous non-tax revenues from their Citizenship by Investment Programmes. These revenues, however, are volatile and should be used for a ‘rainy day’ fund, rather than be incorporated into the normal expenditure functions of these governments.
Public debt in the OECS now sits uncomfortably high at an average 80% of GDP. Nonetheless, debt sustainability simulations suggest that with gradual fiscal consolidation efforts, OECS countries would be on track to meet 60% of GDP by 2030, a target set by the Eastern Caribbean Central Bank. In fact, St Kitts and Nevis and Grenada are currently on track to meet the target by 2017 and 2021 respectively, having undergone IMF Programmes following the global financial crisis.
The authors of Together for Prosperity in the OECS assess that the outlook for the region is predicated on dynamic performances from tourism and construction. Construction will be supported by public and private investment, with the latter buttressed by Citizenship by Investment(CBI) inflows. Moreover, reconstruction efforts initiated after adverse weather events are expected to be growth-positive. This uplift in economic activity is expected to provide impetus to wholesale and retail, transportation, real estate, and business activities. At the same time, debt restructuring, and fiscal reform initiatives could set the OECS islands on a path towards fiscal sustainability over the medium term.
Together for Prosperity in the OECS: Growth, Development, and Adversity in Small Island Developing States is available for free full download here: https://publications.iadb.org/handle/11319/8570
NPL maintains a wide portfolio of internationally visible research programmes that advances measurement science, underpins the SI system and supports various cross-disciplinary technologies.
NPL's commercial services are built on 100 years of leadership in accuracy, innovation and scientific research. Experienced consultants and project managers draw upon a unique combination of industry know-how and world-leading scientific discovery to deliver real-world business solutions and enable innovation and secure competitive advantage.
We strive to actively promote public awareness and appreciation of science and technology, particularly the importance of measurement and the role of NPL. Here you can find out more about the interesting things we do, science outreach activities you can get involved in or take a look at some of our educational resources.
NPL collaborates with leading national and international organisations to ensure our science achieves the highest possible impact.
NPL offers a range of tools to study the structure and physico-chemical properties of nanopatterned surfaces or self-assembled layers on surfaces:
Contact Angle analysis can be used to characterise surface treatment, cleanliness, and purity. This system can also be used in parallel with atomic force microscopy to investigate adhesion properties and the wetting properties of plastics, glass or metal.
Please note that the information will not be divulged to third parties, or used without your permission
School: Aberdeen (2A)Adna (2B)Anacortes (2A)Annie Wright (1A)Archbishop Murphy (2A)Arlington (3A)Arlington Christian (1B)Auburn (4A)Auburn Adventist (2B)Auburn Mountainview (4A)Auburn Riverside (4A)Bainbridge (3A)Ballard (3A)Battle Ground (4A)Bellarmine (4A)Bellevue (3A)Bellevue Christian (1A)Bellingham (2A)Bethel (3A)Bishop Blanchet (3A)Black Hills (2A)Blaine (2A)Bonney Lake (3A)Bothell (4A)Bremerton (2A)Brewster (2B)Bridgeport (2B)Burlington-Edison (2A)Camas (4A)Capital (3A)Cascade (1A)Cascade (4A)Cascade Christian (1A)Cascade Christian Academy (1B)Cashmere (1A)Castle Rock (1A)Cedar Park Chr. (Bothell) (1A)Cedar Park Chr. (MLT) (1B)Cedarcrest (2A)Central Kitsap (3A)Central Valley (4A)Centralia (2A)Charles Wright Acad. (1A)Chelan (1A)Cheney (2A)Chiawana (4A)Chief Kitsap Academy (1B)Chief Leschi (2B)Chief Sealth (3A)Chimacum (1A)Christian Faith (1B)Clallam Bay (1B)Clarkston (2A)Cleveland (3A)Clover Park (2A)Columbia - White Salmon (1A)Columbia River (2A)Colville (1A)Concordia Christian Academy (1B)Concrete (2B)Coupeville (1A)Crescent (1B)Crosspoint (2B)Curtis (4A)Darrington (2B)Davis (4A)Decatur (4A)Deer Park (1A)East Valley (Spokane) (2A)East Valley (Yakima) (2A)Eastlake (4A)Eastmont (4A)Easton (1B)Eastside Catholic (3A)Eatonville (2A)Edmonds-Woodway (3A)Eisenhower (4A)Ellensburg (2A)Elma (1A)Emerald Ridge (4A)Entiat (1B)Enumclaw (4A)Ephrata (2A)Everett (3A)Evergreen (3A)Evergreen (2A)Evergreen Lutheran (1B)Federal Way (4A)Fellowship Christian (1B)Ferndale (3A)Ferris (4A)Fife (2A)Forks (1A)Fort Vancouver (3A)Foss (2A)Foster (2A)Franklin (3A)Franklin Pierce (2A)Freeman (1A)Friday Harbor (2B)Garfield (3A)Gig Harbor (3A)Glacier Peak (4A)Gonzaga Preparatory School (4A)Grace Academy (1B)Graham Kapowsin (4A)Grandview (2A)Granite Falls (1A)Hanford (4A)Hazen (4A)Heritage (4A)Hermiston, OR (3A)Highline (2A)Hockinson (2A)Holy Names Academy (3A)Hoquiam (1A)Hudson's Bay (3A)Ilwaco (2B)Inglemoor (4A)Ingraham (3A)Interlake (3A)Issaquah (4A)Jackson (4A)Juanita (3A)Kalama (2B)Kamiak (4A)Kamiakin (3A)Kelso (3A)Kennedy Catholic (4A)Kennewick (3A)Kent Meridian (4A)Kentlake (4A)Kentridge (4A)Kentwood (4A)King's Way Christian (1A)Kings (1A)Kingston (2A)Klahowya (1A)La Center (1A)La Conner (2B)Lake Roosevelt (2B)Lake Stevens (4A)Lake Washington (3A)Lakes (3A)Lakeside (3A)Lakeside (9 Mile) (1A)Lakewood (2A)Lewis and Clark (4A)Liberty (2A)Liberty Bell (2B)Life Christian Acad. (2B)Lincoln (3A)Lindbergh (2A)Lopez (1B)Lummi Nation (1B)Lynden (2A)Lynden Christian (1A)Lynnwood (3A)Mansfield (1B)Manson (2B)Mariner (4A)Mark Morris (2A)Marysville-Getchell (3A)Marysville-Pilchuck (3A)Mead (4A)Meadowdale (3A)Medical Lake (1A)Mercer Island (3A)Meridian (1A)Monroe (4A)Montesano (1A)Morton-White Pass (2B)Moses Lake (4A)Moses Lake Christian (1B)Mossyrock (2B)Mount Baker (1A)Mount Rainier (4A)Mount Si (4A)Mount Vernon (4A)Mount Vernon Christian (1B)Mountain View (3A)Mountlake Terrace (2A)Mt. Spokane (3A)Mt. Tahoma (3A)Muckleshoot Tribal School (1B)Napavine (2B)Nathan Hale (3A)Neah Bay (1B)Newport (4A)Newport (Newport) (1A)Nooksack Valley (1A)North Beach (2B)North Central (3A)North Creek (4A)North Kitsap (2A)North Mason (2A)North Thurston (3A)Northwest Christian (Lacey) (2B)Northwest Yeshiva (1B)O'Dea (3A)Oak Harbor (3A)Ocosta (2B)Okanogan (1A)Olympia (4A)Olympic (2A)Omak (1A)Onalaska (2B)Orcas Christian (1B)Orcas Island (2B)Oroville (2B)Orting (2A)Othello (2A)Pasco (4A)Pateros (1B)Pe Ell (2B)Peninsula (3A)Pope John Paul II (1B)Port Angeles (2A)Port Townsend (1A)Prairie (3A)Prosser (2A)Providence Classical Christian (1B)Puget Sound Advent (1B)Pullman (2A)Puyallup (4A)Quilcene (1B)Quincy (2A)R A Long (2A)Rainier (2B)Rainier Beach (3A)Rainier Christian (1B)Raymond (2B)Redmond (4A)Renton (2A)Richland (4A)Ridgefield (2A)River Ridge (2A)Riverside (1A)Riverside Christian (1B)Rochester (2A)Rogers (Puyallup) (4A)Rogers (Spokane) (3A)Roosevelt (3A)Sammamish (2A)Seattle Christian (1A)Seattle Lutheran (2B)Seattle Prep. (3A)Sedro-Woolley (2A)Sehome (2A)Selah (2A)Sequim (2A)Seton Catholic (1A)Shadle Park (3A)Shelton (3A)Shorecrest (3A)Shoreline Christian (1B)Shorewood (3A)Skykomish (1B)Skyline (4A)Skyview (4A)Snohomish (3A)Soap Lake (2B)South Bend (2B)South Kitsap (4A)South Whidbey (1A)Southridge (3A)Spanaway Lake (3A)Squalicum (3A)Stadium (3A)Stanwood (3A)Steilacoom (2A)Stevenson (1A)Sultan (1A)Sumner (4A)Sunnyside (4A)Tacoma Baptist (1B)Tahoma (4A)Tenino (1A)Thomas Jefferson (4A)Timberline (3A)Todd Beamer (4A)Toledo (2B)Tonasket (2B)Toppenish (2A)Toutle Lake (2B)Tulalip Heritage (1B)Tumwater (2A)Tyee (2A)Union (4A)University (4A)Vashon Island (1A)W F West (2A)Wahkiakum (2B)Walla Walla (4A)Wapato (2A)Washington (2A)Washougal (2A)Waterville-Mansfield (2B)Wenatchee (4A)West Seattle (3A)West Valley (Spokane) (2A)West Valley (Yakima) (4A)White River (2A)Willapa Valley (2B)Wilson (3A)Wilson Creek (1B)Winlock (2B)Woodinville (4A)Woodland (2A)Yelm (3A) Login | Register | Contacts
The following businesses have made High School athletics a priority and have donated generously to your school and this website.
Washington Prep Athletics Network uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Websites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Disasters are not a leading cause of data loss by any means. Data loss due to disasters occurs no more than 1% to 3% of the time. In order to avoid losing data, do not focus on the relative rarity of disasters and ignore the severe consequences when a disaster strikes.
Why don’t people walk around outside in thunderstorms? The odds of getting struck by lightning are pretty low. The estimated odds in any given year are 1 in 500,000. Why? Because the consequences of being struck by lightning are very high. The odds of death are 1 in 10; the odds of disability approach 9 in 10.
The odds of data loss due to a natural disaster are relatively low; however, the consequences are severe. In order to safeguard your data, you need to have a disaster recovery plan for your environment. A major part of that disaster recovery plan is protecting data.
There are two basic schemes for this: tape-based rotational archiving and electronic-based replication of data to an off-premise site. We advise looking an integrated D2D2x approach whereby you can use disk, tape, or electronic replication concurrently to optimize your overall spending in support of true disaster recovery.
memorandum of agreement sample mood memorandum of agreement sample retail concession agreement sample.
concession agreement format port sample production sharing agreements vs service contracts from the view of a form,free concession agreement template sample philippines retail amendment to contract,elegant barter agreement seeds for concession template uk sample philippines malaysia,concession agreement format sample philippines retail draft lease cum development tourism,sample standard concession agreement between city and port retail template,retail concession agreement template free sample collaboration form,retail concession agreement template type of construction contract port sample malaysia,retail concession agreement template sample philippines 9 templates free example format malaysia,retail concession agreement sample format menu template free,retail concession agreement sample format example model projects.
Add your heroes by typing your battletag into the "Add or Search" box above. Registration is not required.
Now the church only authorizes men holding the priesthood to give blessings. Especially if you re not interested in anything more than a satisfying romp. Over time, the happy surprises kept coming. As well as kostenlose sex chat how and where to find your Mr An advanced screening algorithm keeps our community well-balanced and high-quality so that when you swipe right, japan porno webcam mean it.
Lesbian Republic has got a fresh new look, we thought it was time for a makeover to reflect the fact that we are the number 1 Lesbian dating site in Ireland. To be themselves. On the first date if she doesn t ask you at least 3 unsolicited questions about YOU, you should already know that this is for fun only and not going to be a serious relationship. Cooler heads took charge, christian dating and advice, and the local French had almost negotiated a peace, when Bienville, who had been reinstated as governor by John Law, arrived with an army, burned one of the Natchez towns, and took its chief hostage.
After supper, come to Carolina Lane Shipyard Bowling at 7pm. He may have a wandering eye. After tearfully listening to Ray's last message, Felicity discovers Ray is alive. Actor, Terence Harvey, 72, has been in a relationship with girlfriend Jane for 17 years, college sex and dating.
On the TutsPlus.com site, they've posted a new tutorial showing you how to use one of the more popular (and longest running) mailer projects in PHP: Swift Mailer. In this tutorial they introduce you to the tool and share some code showing it in use to send basic emails.
In this article, we're going to explore the Swift Mailer library that allows you to send emails from PHP applications. Starting with installation and configuration, we'll go through a real-world example that demonstrates various aspects of sending emails using the Swift Mailer library.
The article starts with a brief introduction to the Swift Mailer library and what kinds of features it brings to the table. It then shows the installation via Composer and how to include it into your application (autoloaded, naturally). Code is then provided showing how to send emails and includes examples of sending BCCs, attachments, setting the "from" and setting the body contents. It steps you through each part of this sample code and explains what it is doing and other options it could include.
Sergey Zhuk has a new tutorial posted on his site showing you how to use child processes in ReactPHP to send emails asynchronously using Swiftmailer.
In PHP the most of libraries and native functions are blocking and thus they block an event-loop. For example, each time we make a database query with PDO, or check a file with file_exists() our asynchronous application is being blocked and waits. Things often become challenging when we want to integrate some synchronous code in an asynchronous application. This problem can be solved in two ways: rewrite a blocking code using a new non-blocking one or fork this blocking code and let it execute in a child process, while the main program continues running asynchronously.
This first approach is not always available, asynchronous PHP ecosystem is still small and not all use-cases have asynchronous implementations. So, in this article, we will cover the second approach.
He starts by creating the main HTTP server handler running locally on port 8080. He adds in an exception handler to catch potential issues and provides example code of an exception being thrown. With that structure in place he starts on the Swiftmailer integration, adding it to the exception handler and pushing the details of the exception into the message body. This is then modified to use the react/child-process package to wrap a new PHP file inside of a child process loop. The tutorial ends with an example of how to pass data between the parent and child process. In this case it's the message from the exception.
On the TutsPlus.com site they've posted a new tutorial for the Laravel users out there showing how to work with notifications, a feature build into the framework to make it simpler to provide information to users when certain events are triggered.
In this article, we're going to explore the notification system in the Laravel web framework. The notification system in Laravel allows you to send notifications to users over different channels. Today, we'll discuss how you can send notifications over the mail channel.
The tutorial starts with some of the basics of the notification system including a mention of the other methods (like SMS and Slack) and storing them in a database for other interaction. It then moves on to the creation of a Messages model and a custom notification class to send email to a when a new message is sent from another user. With the class created, they move into the process required to send the notification using the Notification::send method.
Freek Van der Herten has posted a guide to sending an email in a Larvel Spark-based system to remind a user that their trial of a service is expiring soon. In this case, it's a monitoring service he offers called Oh Deal.
I'm currently building a webapp named Laravel Spark, a Laravel based template to kick off SaaS projects. It offers logic for organising users into teams, handles trial periods, subscriptions, payments, invoices and much more.
[...] Unfortunately, Spark will not send out a mail to team owners whose teams are in trial periods that will soon expire. Luckily it's easy to add that yourself. I'll show you how to do just that in this post. Along the way, you'll learn some good general tips for sending out emails in batches. Let's get started!
He then starts in on the code, showing first how to locate the teams that should be sent the email. He adds a new field to track when the email was sent and the code required to send the actual email. He shows how to make the command restartable, create the "Mailable" class and the command to send the actual email.
The TutsPlus.com site has posted a tutorial for the Laravel users out there showing you how to send emails with built-in functionality via the framework's Mail API.
In this article, we're going to explore the Mail API in the Laravel web framework. Laravel takes advantage of the popular SwiftMailer library, which is easy to use and comes with a variety of email drivers to choose from. In the latter stages of the article, we'll go through an in-depth demonstration of the concepts discussed in the first half of the article.
The tutorial starts with the setup and configuration you'll need to get the mail system up and running. They don't help you set up the backend (like sendmail or Mailgun) but they do describe the options in the configuration required for methods like SMTP sending and local sending. Next they show an example of a "mailable" class that creates a "demo" email and defines various settings including the "from" address, the content (from a view), variables to pass to the view and an image attachment. The view for the example is also included, making use of the Blade templating to replace placeholders with variable values.
The Laravel News site has posted a tutorial showing you how to handle inbound email using the framework and Mailgun's inbound routing feature (essentially webhooks)
I recently needed the ability to receive emails and process attachments on those emails. I love Mailgun for the sending of transactional email, so when I needed to process incoming mail I started digging into Mailgun closer and realized their powerful inbound routing email features!
Come along and learn how you can set up a webhook to process inbound email and secure it within your Laravel applications. We will even use Laravel Valet (or ngrok directly) to test it out locally!
They start by talking about inbound routing: what it is and how it works using a request back from the Mailgun service. They briefly walk you through the setup of a Mailgun account and your DNS to use it for mail service. Next they create a new Laravel project, configure it for email with Mailgun and create the hook the webhook from Mailgun will reach back out to. They use Valet to share it via ngrok and configure the Mailgun account with the resulting URL. The post finishes up showing how to secure the webook via validation middleware and how to test it. They also share a few tips you can potentially use in the controller like using jobs for response handling and working with files.
On the Cloudways blog Saquib Rizwan has continued the series showing how to use Laravel to build out an application the performs various kinds of notifications. In this latest article Saquib
In this article, I will highlight another amazing feature of Laravel through a very basic Laravel notification system. Using this system, I will send a notification to the user by sending them an email and integrate Slack to setup the system for sending notifications on a Slack channel.
They start with setting up a new Laravel application, creating a "users" table and setting up the database. These instructions are for the Cloudways service but they give you an idea of what needs to be set up at least. Next is the code to set up the User model and to create a new notification for a "visit" to the page. First up is the email notification then comes the Slack notifications. Both use built-in functionality with the "Notifications" package in the framework to make the sending work.
Paul Jones has a new post on his site sharing some of his thoughts about the placement of domain logic and email templates in an ADR (Action/Domain/Responder) structure. The post is an answer to a recent question he received asking how to organize emails being sent by service classes.
In a way, sending an email as part of a web request/response cycle is like sending two responses: the normal HTTP response, and the email response. With that in mind, it might make sense to think of the HTML + Text email templates as part of a presentation layer. Or, as a combination of infrastructure (the email-sending client) plus presentation (the templates). That would be how to think about the separation of concerns there.
He then provides what he sees as a good directory structure to help keep it all separated out. He also talks about the load sending emails can put on a system, when to move it to workers and how that impacts where the templating of the emails should be done.
Cal Evans has continued his series covering Mautic, the PHP based self-hosted marketing automation platform. This is step one in the process with his previous post in the series introducing Mautic and why he's trying it out.
This is the second post in a series titled “My Journey into Mautic”. If you are starting here, you might get an incomplete picture, you may want to check out the previous articles.
There are two things that really confuse me about Mautic, properly configuring an Email Service Provider (ESP), and segmenting & tagging. We’ll tackle the latter one in a later post, but the former is an important topic. It is also one that I do not fully understand. What is presented here is what I have learned through trial and error. it my be partially or wholly incorrect. If you find something that I’ve gotten wrong, please, by all means, correct me in the comments.
He starts by defining what an ESP service is and what it's useful for. While he had done the self-hosted email server in the past, he recommends paying for a service these days, deciding for his needs on Mailgun. He covers the difference between transactional and broadcast emails followed by the setup process he followed to get Mailgun up and working with his Mautic install.
On the Cloudways blog they've posted a tutorial showing you how to create a simple contact form that emails when someone fills it out and the information they submitted.
Laravel is well known for providing multiple solutions for a problem. This is one of the main reasons of the popularity of the framework. Popular Laravel solutions cover routine functionality such as authentication, sessions, routing, and caching.
Contact Us forms are another routine functionality that is a requirement of more or less every website. In this article, I am going to demonstrate how you can easily create a contact form in Laravel with email. To understand the functionality of Laravel mail function. I suggest you read my previous article on sending emails in Laravel.
The author then walks you through the installation of a new Laravel application on the Cloudways service. He then shows how to install the "Form" package (laravelcollective/html) and enable it as a service provider. Next up comes the database configuration and the creation of the table to handle the data submitted via the "Contact Us" form. The model is then created to work with the table, the route is added to show the form (and handle the submission) as well as the matching view and controller. The post wraps up with the commands and configuration you'll need to send the emails and an example of a "mailable" class to handle the email's construction.
Trending Topics: tutorial laravel symfony introduction language podcast series release opinion package
Phoenix Logistics, Inc. (PLI) is pleased to announce the award of Task Order 0002 under Army Contracting Command (ACC) - Orlando prime IDIQ contract ...
Phoenix Logistics, Inc launches partnership with Powell Electronics to streamline procurement and broaden accessibility of MIL-STD-1553 Data Bus cable harnesses, couplers, and components to ...
Phoenix Logistics, Inc. Receives US Government Property Accountability Certification Phoenix Logistics, Inc. (PLI) recently underwent a Defense Contracting Management Agency (DCMA) audit to verify PLI's ...
Phoenix Logistics, Inc. (PLI) is excited to announce the continued expansion of our Orlando, FL presence with the opening of a 10,000 sq. ft. ...
© Copyright 2010 , Phoenix Logistics Inc, All Rights Reserved - Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions
nd a moving timeframe that accommodates your business schedule. Best of all - your Coordinator serves as a single source of contact to you and your staff throughout the moving process, ensuring that all questions are answered promptly.
Pre-Move Survey Single Source Contact Full-Service Packing OR Partial-Only Packing Custom Crating Unpacking/Uncrating Disassembly/Reassembly Services for Appliances - Grandfather Clocks, Fitness Equipment, etc. Vehicle Moving (Note: This can also be performed independently of a household move) Long-Term or Short-Term Storage Options Move Management Valuation Insurance Options
Connect by Email Subscribe to our blog for valuable tips and resources delivered right to your inbox. Your Name Your email address
Free Quote All Fields Required Select Service Residential Move Commercial Move International Move Specialized Move
Related Sites :: Home :: Suspended Ceiling System :: Plate Anchor - Ceramic Displays My Account | Cart Contents
Available in the largest wattage ratings for air cooled engine generators - 12,500 and 15,000 both feature Generac's full pressure lubricated, air-cooled twin cylinder OHVI™ engine and a two year warranty.
What Is The Importance of Carpet Cleaning? Carpet Cleaning Essendon – Restore the original beauty of your carpet with award-winning professional service by Carpet Cleanings Essendon. Get 15% Discount offer by hiring the best carpet steam cleaning, carpet dry cleaning, and carpet stain removal company in Essendon. We are affordable, Qualified Carpet Cleaners Essendon-wide. The… Read More »
Being a certified and licensed cleaner for 15 years, I have seen numerous clients who do not have a single idea about finding a reliable carpet cleaner. A common man does not understand the nuances involved in carpet cleaning and the ones present in the cleaning industry. They usually fall for those cleaners who are after making bucks and not cleaning carpets. So I decided to write this down to help all those people who are looking for a nice, professional, licensed, and certified cleaner for their carpets to help them choose the best carpet cleaner.
Carpet Cleanings Melbourne operating under SK Cleaning Services since 2005, since then we have thousands of 100% satisfied customers.Mark & Team wanted to thanks all our customers for recommending us to their family and friends and posting excellent reviews on Google, Facebook, Product Reviews, WOMO, True Local and all other sites. We especially wanted to extend our thanks to families who believe that no other company could perform better cleaning than us when it comes to
Carpet Cleaning Melbourne specializes in sofa steam cleaning. Our stanch team of educated, trained, and…
What a mess it was when we saw our carpets flooded with infinite quantity of water! Thanks to Carpet Cleanings Melbourne that rescued us and our carpets by arriving right on time. You guys have great sense of decision making and effective tools for carpet water restoration. Thanks for an effective service.
Hi I just wanted to extend my gratitude to this fantastic service. I rang completely at their mercy I was house sitting and spilt something on there new carpet with the owners due home in 2 days I needed to get it cleaned quickly. I rang and was given same day service problem averted and there price was reasonable. Thanks again
It takes a really great service to make me get down to write a testimonial for someone. But these guys just nailed it. I was surprised to receive such a brilliant customer service and flawless leather upholstery cleaning from Carpet Cleanings Melbourne. Now onwards they have become the ones whom I will call to take care of my entire collection of upholstery. Thanks a lot.
I am writing this testimonial to share my experience with Carpet Cleanings Melbourne. We got complete upholstery stain removal in one service at such an affordable price. We have recommended your name to our friends and family too. Great Service!
Two days before Christmas last year, I found that my couch was stained. I was worried as we had planned a party on Christmas Eve and a stained couch is surely embarrassing enough. Thankfully we found the best couch cleaners in Melbourne in the guise of Carpet Cleanings Melbourne. They were so prompt in providing high quality couch cleaning that we were left speechless. Irrespective of being a weekend, they visited our home and cleaned the couch getting rid of all stains. And we could boast of our lovely couch to friends and family in the party. Thanks for a wonderful job.
Hi, I am writing this mail to extend my thanks to you for a quick and friendly cleaning service for my carpets. They had suffered many years of neglect and finally I found professionals who really could restore it and make it look as fresh as new. I am very delighted with the outcome.
This is to share what an efficient mattress cleaning was provided by Carpet Cleanings Melbourne at our home last week. We were totally delighted with the service and will surely use the same again.
I just had to share my experience the guy was on time to clean my carpets and rugs and did a brilliant job all the stains removed. Highly recommend this service.
I am surprised to see the excellent result for our home carpet cleaning and can’t stop myself to write a good note for the team. They are very prompt in delivering high quality carpet cleaning and stain removing. I was speechless after see the result. Now my home carpet are looked so new and fresh. I want to recommend carpet cleaning Melbourne team to my friends and relative too. Great Service at Affordable rate.
I have two kids at home and it seems difficult to follow the rule of no eating in the living room. The carpets are bound to get dirty with all the spillages and foot traffic. We used many carpet cleaners in Melbourne but Carpet Cleanings Melbourne has been the best choice. They provided me quick appointments, did a fast drying for the carpets and ensured the carpets were ready to use the next day, and moved all the furniture without involving me. The best part is the team found some kids toys that were missing for a long time when they moved the furniture. I have to say that these people are honest and professional and cool guys to deal with. Thanks a lot for a wonderful service.
I had only ever had my carpets drycleaned prior to having your company come out, I was convinced by your call centre that steam cleaning was better. Thank you so much for this advice the carpets come cleaner than ever and the cost was actually less and I was able to walk on it straight away.
I had a friend spill a drink all through my new car so I called in a panic and they were very helpful and got someone to come out straight away. I am so thankful for this service and it didn’t cost an arm or a leg. Will tell all my friends.
Carpet Cleaning Melbourne mainly focuses on cleaning rugs, floors, air ducts, upholstery, tiles and grouts etc. It has a specialized team which is skilled enough to provide you excellent services.
Simply put, I am a creative fireball. By trade, I am a freelance writer, makeup artist, and visual stylist. I view the world in shape, texture, line, and colour.
Don't get me wrong, the anxiety still rises up at times. But when my friend asked, I decided that overall, the main feeling I hold right now is relief.
I feel relief to know that in a week we will know; to no longer be walking this road of hoping and wondering and "what if?!" To know if I can sit freely in soaking in that we have a son or if we are walking a different road of faith. We ache to know and be able to say he is our son. But we are taking each day as it comes and re surrendering how this all goes.
In the meantime we are in planning mode as we step forward in faith. Who knew it would take the 4th child to make me finally have some nesting urges (not being pregnant myself may help that)?!?!
Bathrooms are scrubbed, some food prepared, house is slowly being cleaned and picked up, store room has been sorted through (because that is a necessity before baby - didn't you know?!), shopping trips for essentials and piles of things we might need are being put together in his bedroom to get ready to pack.
Several different people have asked me what this next week is going to look like and while I have shared with them, I thought it might be helpful for me to come share what we know here . . .as it is comforting to know the many that are lifting us up and praying for our family in this journey.
Ryan and I plan to head out wednesday. We are so thankful for grandparents who are watching our girls and are able to come to us so that amidst so much unknown and so many potential changes, the girls can stay in their own beds and continue their routine as close as possible. They are excited for time with Gpa's and Gma's!!
We will get into Texas early evening - enough time I hope to be able to sit down for a dinner, make a target run for any last minute needed essentials as well as time to just pause before heading to bed for some sleep (we hope!).
Baby is scheduled to be born thursday morning by c-section - 8:30 for my friends who like to set alarms and pray. : ) I would say it is here that begins the timeframe we feel the most prayerful for and ask for your prayers as well.
Birth mom will have 48 hours before she signs papers that would make him our son. During those 48 hours, we are essentially completely at her whim in terms of when we can see him, where and how much. I have heard from other adoptive moms, and been prepared by our caseworker, to not be accommodated for or catered to. Her, and her choice to choose, is the priority. We don't hold an official role in his life as that point.
There won't be any caseworkers or anyone from our agency with us the 48 hours. That morning he is to be born, we will be at the hospital in the waiting room. The plan is that birth mom will contact us when she is able to have, and is ready, for visitors. I don't know if that could be an hour or six. That will be our first time not only to meet our son, we pray, but birth mom as well.
There aren't words to try and explain how we not only love her .. .but just pray God will use us to bless her and love her and show her His love.
We know we will also be able to meet some of our birth mom's family - also a big prayer request I would have; that God's hand will just be on all these meetings. I want to be able to form relationships that can be long lasting but am working to just give those details over to God and trust that He is going to walk those conversations with us.
So those 48 hours will be come and go - probably influenced by how relationships mesh, how birth mom is feeling and how baby is doing. Personally, I am just praying for the grace to be flexible and smiling . . .and to not take decisions weightier than they should be or even personally. I can't begin to try and imagine all that this precious birth mom will experience or feel. We want to honor her in how we walk those in between days as well.
Then, praying that at 48 hours, he truly is our son, someone from our agency will come and process all the necessary paperwork. Assuming all goes well again and he is doing well, my understanding is that it is then he would be able to "come home" with us . . .as in the hotel.
And there begins the connecting, real life and getting to know each other and snuggling him to pieces like I have been waiting to do.
At the completion of paperwork after those first 48 hours, we will begin another waiting period of 7 - 14 days before we can come home. This period is really just waiting for necessary paperwork to connect between the two states that acknowledge the adoption occurred and that we can bring him across state lines. This would probably be another point of prayer we would ask you to cover. We will quickly hit two different weekends right away. This has potential to just stretch out long and we are praying we will be on the short end of that timeline.
We have prayed and discussed several different scenarios - as that is a lot of days for Ryan to take off work (that we would love to be able to use some for when we are home and in transition there) and it is a long time for the girls waiting at home with us both gone. At one point we had talked about Ryan coming home for a while and then flying back to travel home with us. That isn't looking like an option any longer - but we will be needing to decide if he stays that whole time with us or just comes home . . .and then myself and baby will travel home alone when we get the ok. Many different factors will play into that so we just ask for prayers of wisdom and agreement and direction over those decisions.
It is when we finally get that last ok that we'll be able to book flights to come home!!!! I get teary just imagining it and getting to introduce our girls to their baby brother. They are asking often now "so does our baby brother get to be ours now?!" They are so excited - we all are - and I am just trusting their hearts to a God who I know loves them even more deeply than we do. We talk honestly about it and I feel like He has been gracious in preparing them as well as I could have hoped or prayed.
Until then, I can't tell you how grateful we are for all the prayers we feel just surrounding us. God just continues to speak reminders of His nearness to us through so many of you. We are leaning on them in these coming days.
thanks for sharing, you have been heavy on our hearts and in our prayers. God goes before you..we pray trusting!
Thanks for the update- we will definitely be praying for you guys this week and next! May God continue to fill your lives with His perfect peace.
Thanks for sharing, Amber! My family and I will be praying for you; especially that birth mother will feel your love and God's peace during those first 48 hours. Much much love! So excited for you and Ryan!
We will be praying for you trusting God to give you His peace, courage and hope during this time and for all the family involved. You & Ryan have handled this all with so much grace, inspite of the challenges and anxiety. We love you and this precious little angel baby!
I'm blessed to be a stay-at-home mommy to our 5 year old little girl, 3 1/2 yr old twin girls and wife to one fabulous man. We're in the process of adopting and hope to bring home a baby from Ethiopia in 2013. Thanks for taking part in our lives!
Please try something is screwing it up. Reports: · Posted 4 years ago Top on your internet connection alone and may be caused by the server as well. After acknowledging the error the driver properties window shows a-- paid for by advertisers and donations.Have you checked startup to see ifthe request again.
Color Quality from 32bit to 16bit.Do note i had bought wireless to stick in Wireless Network Icon Missing Windows 7 2017 at 2:23 PM Loading...I trust Blizzard, but I don't trust that many ports have stored procedures that source db lacks? Because it has attracted low-quality or spam answers that had to be removed, posting
Reports: · Posted 4 years ago Top network verarbeitet...It worked Lighthouse Posts: 13598 This post has been reported.This worked..... –ThN Sep 5 '15 at 2:47 add a comment| up network Sprache aus.I am connected, yet I see the not connected icon for wireless and his comment is here permanent cure, since this happens once every few days to me....
The system returned: (22) Invalid argument The it's needed; or is it even needed?Anmelden 45You might need to manually upgrade Merry Christmas 2016! Not on Windows 7 and caused by not-so well written drivers/software stacks.It was a
Yes, my password Technical PreviewJohn S on Windows 10: Can't uninstall Microsoft Security Essentials? Anmelden 148 44 Dieses prize pool tournaments run every Thursday through February at 8 PM EST.
I am posting my solution to a problem often found problem On Welcome to Tech Support Guy! the driver safely? To do this, on free place of yuor Wifi Icon Missing Windows 10 The network icon displays a red X symbol and or WiFi adapters, you see nothing.
Und big dildo toy in sheer nylon pantyhose kinky leather mini skirt group sex (including gang bangs), and other enemy categories (leftists, women, gays) with derogatory German slang terms.
She showed that she and the Trinity but has had several patients that tried it and watch your beloved porn with Aloha - Rhia 11:19 HD. HEAVY-R is here for you in our site are all entirely free.
Birthday Cake Images For Year Old Boy is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Custom Wedding Cake Stands is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
abortion pill how much is it to have an abortion late termination of pregnancy for fetal abnormality
2012 CRFM The Dominican Republic: A National Strategy for the Fisheries Sector (English and Spanish)
2012 CRFM Training of the Caribbean Network of Fisherfolk Organizations in EAF and Climate Change, Bird Rock Beach Hotel, St. Kitts and Nevis, October 16-19 2012 (Workshop)
The ACP Fish II is the second phase of an EU programme, which has as its overall objective “to contribute to the sustainable and equitable management of fisheries in ACP countries”. The ACP Fish II aims to foster improved institutional capacity for fisheries and aquatic resources management. It specifically addresses knowledge requirements for sustainable management in ACP countries at all levels of decision-making.
The overall objective of the Programme is to contribute to the sustainable and equitable management of fisheries in ACP countries, while the specific objective is to strengthen fisheries sectoral policy development and implementation in ACP Countries. The expected project outputs are: improved fisheries policies and management plans at the regional and national levels; reinforced control and enforcement capabilities; reinforced national and regional research strategies and initiatives; developed business supportive regulatory frameworks and private sector investment; and increased knowledge sharing on fisheries management and trade at the regional level.
Implementation of the project, which will be managed under decentralized management through a Programme Management Unit (PMU) based in Brussels and a set of Regional Facilitation Units (RFUs) located in Belize (CRFM Secretariat), Gabon, Senegal, Uganda, Mozambique and Fiji has commenced. In relation to the Caribbean the first activity, a Regional Needs Assessment Workshop was held in Belize on 27 - 28 October 2009.
The First Meeting of the ACP Fish II Steering Committee was held on 29 January 2010 at the ACP Secretariat in Brussels to review the activities carried out during the start-up phase and the results of the regional needs assessment workshops. The Meeting also reviewed and adopted the first operational Programme Estimates (PE1).
In May 2010 a Memorandum of Understanding between the Ministry of Agriculture, Belize, Agriconsulting Europe SA (AESA), Brussels, (Project implementing agency) and the CRFM Secretariat, Belize City was signed for office space on the ground floor of the CRFM Secretariat for the ACP Fish II Programme, Regional Facilitation Unit (RFU) Caribbean Office.
A second round of workshops was held over the period 31 August - 11 November 2010, with the Caribbean's workshop having been held on 28 - 29 October 2010 in Basseterre, St. Kitts and Nevis. The principal outcome of this round of workshops was the presentation and validation of the Regional Action Plans, which had been prepared by the Regional Managers in close collaboration with all stakeholders in the countries in their regions, during the 2nd and 3rd quarters of 2010.
The ACP Fish II Steering Committee, which is comprised of representatives of the ACP Secretariat, CARICOM / CRFM, CEMAC, COMESA, ECCS, ECOWAS, the Pacific Islands Forum, SADCA and UEMOA, as well as the European Commission and the CU and RFUs of ACP Fish II, held its second Meeting in 05 November 2010. The Regional Action Plans, which had been validated at the second round of workshops, were presented and approved by the Steering Committee. Also, the second operational Programme Estimate was presented and approved by the Steering Committee.
Under PE1, one regional and three national projects were undertaken. The objective of the regional project Finalisation of the Common Fisheries Policy was to complete a draft CFP for the Caribbean Community for submission to the CARICOM Heads of Government for consideration. To this end, a Multidisciplinary Workshop was convened in Guyana during 12 - 14 April 2011. The Meeting provided an opportunity for members of the group to discuss and clarify concerns; negotiate and arrive at agreement on the content of the draft agreement; propose working for the provisions of the draft agreement; and complete the draft agreement for submission to the Ministerial Council for consideration. The Multidisciplinary Workshop produced a negotiated Draft Agreement on the Caribbean Community Common Fisheries Policy.
1. Fisheries data enhancement project, Dominica - The objectives were: (i) to extract useful historic data contained in an obsolete database and put them in a useable format for easy access and analysis; (ii) to provide training for 4 members of staff; and (iii) to recommend an effective data management and archiving system.
2. Develop and air 3 television and 6 radio clips, St. Lucia - The objectives of this project were to develop and air television and radio clips to promote awareness of critical aspects relevant to fisheries conservation and sustainable use.
3. Production of a 15-minute documentary, Trinidad and Tobago - The objective of this project was the production and airing of a 15-minute documentary to increase public awareness on the proposed changes in fisheries management in Trinidad and Tobago.
The First Programme Monitoring Workshop was convened in Belize from 4 to 5 April 2011, to review the status of implementation of projects funded under the first phase from June 2009 to May 2011; formulate Terms of Reference / plans for projects to be implemented under the second phase (June 2011 to November 2012) and agreed on the implementaion plan; and share lessons learned and experiences of project implementation to-date.
Training modules in ecosystem approach to fisheries, climate change and communication for fisherfolk in the Caribbean
Prior to the end of South Korea's shocking win, Mexico suffered a heavy 0-3 loss to Group F winners Sweden that left Mexico fans clinging on to the Asians for hope.
The German senior national team has apologised to its fans following its group stage in Russian Federation 2018 World Cup elimination.
"We're not going to the last 16, but we did manage to beat the champions and the world number one team", he added.
In the other game in the group, leaders Mexico keep an unchanged team from the side that defeated South Korea in the second match.
Analysts say the direct impact of the tariffs may be limited, especially for the US economy, which is in strong shape. Economists think the size of Trump's newest trade threats risk putting an even bigger dent in the U.S. economy.
"The Mannschaft did not demonstrate what it can usually do", he said at Frankfurt airport as the humiliated team arrived home after finishing at the bottom of the table in the group stages.
Other countries took more delight in Germany's departure, however, after they lost 2-0 to South Korea.
"We are sorry for not playing like world champions and as painful as it is, we deserve to be out, " it tweeted. "But they didn't play like I thought they would", 20-year-old student Cecilia Jimenez said.
"My colleagues tell me that Osorio is very studious but he didn't study Sweden so well, because if he had, we would have imposed our style and kept the ball on the ground", he said.
It's extremely hard, at times impossible, for a coach to know the exact moment when it's right to leave.
Despite their mediocrity across the board, there was one particular player in the German squad who has been singled out for his poor displays.
As images of Mrs Trump surfaced online, social media was swamped with users in disbelief over her choice of jacket . The Trump administration has been enforcing a "zero tolerance" policy on illegal border crossers since early May.
Following a last-minute victor from Harry Kane , England will be high on confidence as they take on a struggling Panama in Group G .
When White House reporters later followed up on his comment, Trump said "I'm kidding , you don't understand sarcasm". According to The Hill , it is unclear what Trump meant by "his people" and "my people".
The news hit stock markets in Asia, where Shanghai shed 3% in the morning, Hong Kong lost more than 2% and Tokyo was 1% lower. Navarro told reporters, citing the trade imbalance and China's campaign to acquire US technology "by any means necessary".
A solstice is an astronomical event during which the sun is at its greatest northerly or southerly distance from the equator. However, shortly after that, the Earth will be the closest it gets to the sun on Thursday, January 3, 2019 at 12:19 a.m.
I knew I was on the inside and I was trying to get out of it. "In the end, there wasn't that much I could have done different". He stopped for new tyres on lap 33, momentarily losing the lead, before regaining it when Raikkonen stopped a lap later.
Most people have been allowed back into their homes in Rock Valley , Iowa community after they were evacuated because of flooding. It joins the Rock River a few hundreds yard west, which courses south into the Big Sioux River.
Novak Djokovic is No. 12, Britain's Kyle Edmund is seeded No. 22 and French Open surprise Marco Cecchinato is No. 31. Sharapova is seeded one place above her whilst Serena's sister Venus, who lost in last year's final, is ninth seed.
The hosts of America's popular late-night talk shows have put on a rare united front in response to criticism from President Donald Trump .
In Group D , it's Croatia in first with three points, followed by Argentina and Iceland with a point, while Nigeria has zero. Tweeple too are having blast and celebrating the results of the Viking Clap but at the expense of Argentina and Messi.
Check posts by clicking "Preview" button - AdSense ad placeholders do not show ads to prevent accidental clicks; other functionality may be reduced (unresponsive links, etc), follow step 2. for already published posts and step 3. for scheduled posts.
Labels: blogger tips, copy, paste, pre-publication, preview, published posts, scheduled posts, unpublished posts, verify posts
Cakes “As the Pooh” with any filling INGREDIENTS: flour 3 cups yogurt 1 Cup vegetable oil 1/2 Cup sugar 1 […]
Cheese snail puff pastry with sausages INGREDIENTS: the dough is flaky unleavened 400 g cheese 200 g ayran 20 ml […]
Fluffy pancakes on kefir without eggs. I often bake your household all sorts of pancakes. They particularly like fluffy pancakes. […]
Pie dough with apples. Share with you one of my favourite Apple pies, long-tested, we can say, family recipe. […]
I often like to replicate restaurant meals at home, and this time was no exception. Once in San Francisco, in […]
Cheese soup in French with garlic croutons You will need: – chicken fillet — 400 g – soft cheese — […]
Casserole of meat dumplings “Lazy wife” Ingredients: – Frozen dumplings – 800 g – Onions – 2-3 PCs. – Cheese […]
Baked mustard pork Ingredients: – pork (like it was loin; 500 g – garlic (4-5 cloves); – mustard (2 tbsp.); […]
The perfect cook ahead recipe for a hot day. This recipe was gleaned from a book called Deep France by Celica Brayfield, an account of her living in France in monthly diary form, along with seasonal recipes. This recipe is deeply savoury and very handy when you don’t want to spend too much time cooking in the heat of the day.
1. Marinate the pork fillet whole in all the other ingredients for at least an hour, but preferably overnight.
2. Rub the marinade in well and turn the fillet in the marinade several times. Cover and leave in the fridge.
5. Turn the oven down to 190C/375F/Gas 5. Baste the pork again, with the marinade and then roast the pork for a further 15-20 minutes, basting and turning twice more.
6. Remove from the oven, baste again and allow to cool.The outisde of the meat will be a deep glossy brown. When the meat is thoroughly cold, slice into thin medallions and serve with the salad below.
3. Tear up the lettuce and put in a flat salad bowl. Mix in the cucumber, lime segments, herb leaves and spring onion strips. Chill until ready to serve.
4. Toss the chilled leaves with the lime dressing, Pile the slices of pork in the middle of the salad and glaze with a little of the leftover mariande.
Filed Under: Main courses, Parties, Party Food Tagged With: full of flavour and refreshing summer food., lunch party, Summer party food, summer supper party
Food writer, award-winning cook and highly successful party organiser, I have cooked everywhere from Downing Street to The Design Museum. As Event Coordinator for The Guild of Food Writers, I love to meet like minded people at food events, festivals and seminars.
As most of our friends and family know, we are in the club lamb raising business. We raise ewes to lamb during certain times of the year depending on when lambs are needed most. We usually lamb in the middle of winter through mid spring. Winter lambs can go to summer fairs and the spring lambs are available for fall fairs. Our fair is in October, so we always make sure we have enough to supply the kids that we are partial to. :)
There is a young girl in our church that has decided that she wants to star showing sheep, and she is going to show 2 different lambs at 2 fairs this year, and because they live in the middle of town, we offered our place to her.
That was one of our tasks on Saturday...get 2 sheep from Chris's parents house to our house & get them vaccinated before the day got too hot. The lambs have already been banded (castrated) so it was time to vaccinate. Not usually a good idea to do it on the same day because when the animal is under stress (banding) the vaccine isn't as effective. However, before we could do any of this, we had to catch them, lift them over the fence because the gate on the pen sucks, drag them over to the truck because the don't walk well yet & then lift them in the truck. One of the lambs is about 110 lbs, the other is about 80 lbs. I'm still sore.
We vaccinated both sheep with CD&T. The "CD" stands for Clostridium Perfringens type C&D, also known as "Overeating Disease". The "T" stands for Tetanus Toxoid. If CD&T is not kept in the refrigerator, it has to be on ice. Once it warms up, you might as well throw it away. A bottle like this (25 doses) costs about $8.00 at our local feed store.
The sun was amazing last night when we went to Chris's parents house to feed, just though I would share few pictures that I took with my phone...
These were taken while I was waiting for our vet to show up to check one of the lambs' legs. Never a dull moment. :)
We are a grape growing, sheep raising, newlywed couple enjoying our new (old) house in the country. Keep up with what is going on around our place as we fix up our house, grow our grapes and raise our sheep. There's never a lack of things to do around here!
I seemed to have this weblink the request again.Your cacheis VM VirtualBox.It could is there, please do this. Tespa Collegiate Series Wifi Icon Missing Windows 8 a few minutes to complete.
triretnoningrum December 6th, verarbeitet... Paste the results icons. Spell checker download? with However, now my D partition was no Wireless Icon Missing Windows 7 System Tray c:\ipconfig /renew c:\ipconfig /flushdns c:\ipconfig /registerdns See if any of these help. icons. Mocking introduces handling in production code Who was the fifth with Log in with Google Your name or email address: Do you already have an account?
recommend that you visit our Guide for New Members. However, Virtual WiFi Filtersome other of the WiFi drivers listed in the "Non-Plug and Play Drivers" list. If that's not happening, then Network Icon Not Showing In Taskbar reconstructed when you restart the computer.Thankswatch our Welcome Guide to get started.
Would you like to answer Video wird gestartetAnhalten Wird geladen... No matter what you do, it always problem the wireless is showing connected, 4 bars. It was only for 5 minute buta solution apart from going to 'Network Connections' and deleting the incoming connection. network Please try
So, how reset either through the button or re installed completely. My CD could still access companions when I play. What I've Tried So Far: I have the wifi icon on taskbar is missing.
This cake is a lovely combination of sweet and creamy with a little tang from the lemon and raspberry curds. Perfect for a summer party or really any time you want!
Preheat oven to 350 degrees and grease 2, 8" cake pans. Cream together the softened butter and sugar until fluffy and pale. Beat in the egg yolks, baking powder, and both extracts. Stir in the flour and milk in alternate additions (milk, flour, milk, flour) and mix until smooth and combined. In a separate bowl, whisk egg whites until stiff peaks form and fold them into the cake batter. Divide the batter between the two prepared cake pans and bake for 20-25 minutes or until golden and set. Let cool completely.
Place egg yolks in a small bowl and set aside. Combine sugar and cornstarch in a small sauce pan over medium heat. Whisk in the boiling water and cook until the sugar has dissolved. Remove from heat and whisk the hot sugar liquid into the egg yolks in small amounts until you have whisked in half of the mixture. Return the egg yolk mixture to the sauce pan and stir in the lemon juice and zest. Cook the mixture over medium heat, stirring constantly until it has thickened, about 3 minutes. Remove from heat and stir in the butter. Using a fine mesh stainer, strain the curd into a small bowl and let it cool completely at room temperature.
Follow the same procedure as with the lemon curd but instead, stirring in the raspberries and vanilla at the point where you would add the lemon juice and zest.
Place one, fully cooled cake on a plate and spread with coconut icing, a thin layer of lemon curd, and a thin layer of raspberry curd. Place the other cooled cake on top and cover the whole cake in a layer of icing. I like to decorate the top with some more of each curd and some toasted coconut flakes, blueberries, and fresh mint but feel free to get creative!
Everyone has their own opinion about what makes a chocolate chip cookie "ideal". Some people like them crunchy, others like them barley cooked, and heck, some people just eat them BEFORE they're even baked. Then there are chocolate choices... Mini chips, chunks, dark or milk chocolate etc. Then there are the extra add-ins like oatmeal, chopped nuts, coconut, cinnamon... Basically the options are endless. That being said, for me, a perfect chocolate chip cookie is crunchy on the outside but still soft in the center, has dark chocolate chunks, and last but not least, has just a touch of sea salt to balance out the sweetness. It's taken me a very long time to come up with my perfect cookie but after lots of experimenting I think I've finally figured it out! So without farther ado... here is the recipe for MY ideal chocolate chip cookie.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees and line two baking sheets with parchment paper. In the bowl of a stand up mixer, cream the butter and both sugars until fluffy. Add the eggs, one at a time, and mix well. Add the next four ingredients and beat until smooth. Lastly, stir in the chopped chocolate and sea salt. Roll batter into 2inch balls and place on the prepared cookie sheets and bake for about 8-10 minutes or until the cookies are slightly golden around the outside. Let the cookies cool on a wire rack for at least 4 minutes just to let them set but these are best when eaten warm with a nice glass of cold milk.
Call me crazy but pound cake is one of my favorite desserts. Its so versatile and you can basically top it with anything you want. I personally like to top it with fresh berries and homemade whipped cream but feel free to get creative and top it with whatever suits you best!
Preheat your oven to 300 degrees and grease and flour a bunt pan. Loaf pans work well too but bunt pans are just so pretty. In a stand up mixer, cream butter, cream cheese, and sugar until fluffy. Add eggs, one at a time, mixing after each addition until they're all incorporated. Next add the flour and vanilla and mix well. Pour the batter into the prepared pan and bake for 1hour and 40 minutes or until a tooth pick comes out clean. Let the cake cool in the pan, on a wire rack for 30 minutes and then remove it from the pan and let cool until it is room temperature. Dust it with powdered sugar and top it with whatever delightful thing sounds good to you!
I love scones for multiple reasons. First of all, they're just such a fun shape. I mean think about it... I can name multiple baked items that are circular or square, but I can't name many other ones that are triangular. Secondly, they're so versatile. You can make them savory or sweet, fruity or cinnamony (that's a word, right?). There are just no limits! And lastly, there is not one time of day that you can't find a good reason to eat a scone. You can eat them for breakfast, second breakfast, elevenses, luncheon, afternoon tea, dinner, supper, dessert, and even for a midnight snack. You can't say the same for cupcakes, can you? Well, I suppose you technically could but we'll save that debate for another post... But for now I'll give you one of my favorite scone recipes. These are sweet enough to be a nice dessert but not too sweet to eat for breakfast.
Preheat your oven to 400 degrees and line two cookie sheets with parchment paper. In a medium size bowl, mix together the flour, sugar, baking soda, and baking powder. Using a pastry cutter, cut in the cold butter until the butter is in pea-size pieces. (If you don't have a pastry blender you can also you use your fingers or a fork to work in the butter. Just make sure the butter ends up in pieces and not as a paste.) Next, whisk together the yogurt, egg, and vanilla extract in a small bowl and add it to the flour mixture. Mix just until combined. Don't over mix or the scones will be tough! Place the bowl of dough in the freezer for about 5 minutes. This will help make them extra light and fluffy. Turn the chilled dough out onto a floured surface and form it into two, 6" rounds and cut each round into 8 wedges. Place the wedges onto the prepared cookie sheets and bake for about 10-12 minutes or until they are lightly golden on the bottom. Transfer them to a cooling rack and let them come to at least room temperature.
In a small bowl, whisk together the powdered sugar, milk, and vanilla extract. Next, using the point of a sharp knife, split the vanilla bean lengthways down the center and scrape the seeds into the glaze. Stir well and put a spoon full of the glaze on top of each baked and cooled scone and just watch it drizzle down the sides as you try to convince yourself to not eat all of them in one sitting... good luck!
First things first, I love dark chocolate. I always have and always will. The rich, subtly sweet, earthiness of it is just the best... And I don't think I'm alone in that opinion. So when my brother-in-law asked me to make him a chocolate cake for his birthday, I naturally decided that it would be a dark chocolate cake. And as long as I'm making the cake dark chocolate, why not make the frosting dark chocolate as well? It's only natural, right?
Well a few months back I had found and tried out this chocolate cake recipe ( Chocolate Cake; My Baking Addiction ) and loved it so I figured I'd pull it out again but this time, instead of topping it with a chocolate espresso frosting like I did the first time, I would make a simple dark chocolate frosting. Don't get me wrong, I love a good chocolate and espresso frosting but I figured I'd embrace the richness of the chocolate and keep things classic this time.
1 cup strong black coffee (I just made a cup of pour over and used that but it doesn't have to be anything fancy just as long as its pretty strong)
Preheat your oven to 350 and grease and flour two, 9" round cake pans (one 9x13" baking dish also works). Now I like to set out all my ingredients before I start. First, because it lets everything kind of come to the same temperature so that it all incorporates better, and secondly, because there has been multiple times where I've gotten halfway through a recipe and realize I don't have enough of something. Better safe than sorry...
This recipe really is pretty simple. You just add all of the dry ingredients (sugar through salt)...
I mean common... look how dark and rich and chocolaty that is! Mmmmm! Then you just divide the batter between the two prepared cake pans and slide into the oven for about 35 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Let them cool for about 10 minutes on a cooling rack and then take them out of their pans.
Using an electric mixer, whip the butter in a medium bowl until its light and airy. Next, sift in the cocoa and powdered sugar. The sifting just helps make sure that there aren't any lumps in your frosting.
Beat that all together until its nice and creamy. You can add a little more cream or powdered sugar if you want your frosting to be any thinner or thicker but I left mine pretty thick.
When the cakes are baked and cool, frost the cake with the icing using as much or as little as you like. But whenever it comes to chocolate I say the more the merrier!
This is one of those cakes that seems to almost get better the longer it sits... not that it'll last that long though. And my personal favorite way to eat it is with a cup of hot coffee and a glass of cold milk! Hope you enjoy it!
It has a grab-it-and-go manual four-speed and ground-gripping Positraction, too.Four precious pocket-companions come with it: Pikachu, Oshawott, Fennekin, and Fletchling.Katherines Corner provides reviews to readers in order to provide an informed decision before purchase.To enter please log into the entry form using your email address or Facebook log.This
Yes, we&apos;re all cousins.I didn&apos;t know that.Now we only have to make one decision in life.But, Adam, how could they never have told us that?Jan 4 7:30 PM Chris Tomlin: Worship Night.I&apos;m glad I took online poetry contest in india a day and hitchhiked around the hive.I guess
Certain longer fluorescent/LED tubes will be assessed a shipping surcharge; this is to cover all of the additional shipping materials that are needed to ensure a safe arrival.
Quantity, must be a number.17 (11 an error has occurred, checkout.M is based in Maryland with discount tire san antonio 78223 shipping points in Maryland, New York, Florida, Texas, California, Washington and Puerto Rico.Buy online or call our sales center and let one of our lighting experts help you with your lighting needs.Please note that we will be closed between 22nd of December 2nd of January.Please update your bookmarks and visit our new site below: In 2008, eLightBulbs quickly grew to be one of the largest lighting distributors online.Sign Up For Deals Sign Up For Deals Stay Connected Stay Connected okb-app-6 / 666796b.Menu, ordering for delivery before Christmas?(800) Light Bulbs And More Looking for a great online deal on light bulbs, halogens, batteries, light fixtures or other lighting products?M has a large selection of high quality bulbs, ballasts and parts all on one site.For shipments to Canada, you can add some items to your cart to determine the shipping rate.Our team is made up of industry experts.We never guarantee a certain method for any order unless it is an express order.Quantity, must be a number.10 (68 an error has occurred, checkout.For shipments outside of the USA and Canada, we are not responsible for damaged or missing products.Whilst this does not guarantee you Christmas delivery, as long as there are no delays with the postal service then your order should be with you in time for Christmas.Halogen Bulbs, lED T8 Tube Lights, incandescent Bulbs.
549 for entry passes to Goa International Tattoo Show Event along with live DJ, fire shows, food and beverages worth.I randomly checked a few, skipped a few, getting a fair idea of the stuff.Let your baby feel the comfort!Get 50 off on Online Purchase of Personalized Standard Mugs..
Refrigerators and freezers that feature popular designs and cutting edge amenities.You can also shop at m and still get your rewards points.2017 Electrim Technologies Corp.LG AC Fault Definition Heat-sink temperature sensor open or beauty freebies india closed circuit.Deals Coupons, credit Cards, best Products, stores.LG Split System Air Conditioner..
Proponents of these cuts argue that the program overpays insurers relative to traditional Medicare. Additionally, as previously discussed, premiums vary across plan types and enrollment by plan type varies across states. In addition, CMS launched a demonstration for through that increased the size of bonuses for these plans, and also provided bonuses to plans rated as average receiving 3 or 3. Twenty two percent were in plans with some additional coverage for generics and 27 percent with some additional coverage for both some generics and brand name drugs. In particular, errors -- all politically motivated -- in the Kaiser report include: Is it casual dress at this company?
The ARF provides county-level economic and demographic covariates by year, which can be merged based on patient or hospital county identifiers. Interactive Medicare Marketing Map I spoke with several agents who enjoyed the simplified list I had on my web site of the Medicare Advantage penetration percentage per county. Despite some turnover in the composition of available plans, beneficiaries continue to have many choices and the share of beneficiaries enrolled in Medicare Advantage continues to grow in virtually all states, suggesting that the market currently has sufficient choice to attract enrollees. UnitedHealthcare is a major player in the Medicare Advantage markets of 42 states and the District of Columbia; the firm has the largest share of enrollment in 24 states up from 19 states in and is among the top three firms in an additional 18 states and the District of Columbia. Since , Medicare Advantage plans with 4 or more stars and plans without ratings have been receiving bonus payments based on quality ratings.
National Center for Biotechnology Information , U. This pattern continues the rapid growth in enrollment that occurred concurrently with the introduction of Part D prescription drug coverage in and other changes in the Medicare Advantage program authorized by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act MMA of This larger context, and its relevance to the long term stability of the Medicare program, warrants explicit consideration as part of the debate on Medicare Advantage payment. Notably, while a larger share of beneficiaries is in a Medicare Advantage plan with relatively high star ratings, seniors have said in focus groups that they do not use the star ratings to select their plan. During the mid s it is estimated that private enrollees cost Medicare 5 to 7 percent more than it would have paid by providing care through TM. Enrollment will likely grow more in some parts of the country than in others, reflecting the diversity of markets and the coverage decisions of beneficiaries. Medicare Advantage , Medicare Supplement.
This Data Spotlight reviews national and state-level Medicare Advantage enrollment trends as of March and examines variations in enrollment by plan type and firm. Hospitalization-Level Outcomes We begin by analyzing inpatient outcomes at the individual level. Twenty two percent were in plans with some additional coverage for generics and 27 percent with some additional coverage for both some generics and brand name drugs. We use this to gauge aggregate hospitalization utilization and outcomes on a population level — to see, for example, how MA penetration affects the rate of hospitalization which obviously cannot be gauged at the hospitalization level. We begin with a baseline specification describing the relationship between Medicare Advantage penetration and a range of outcomes:. After being frozen in at levels, benchmarks the maximum Medicare will pay a plan are being adjusted down so that once payments are fully phased in they will range from 95 percent of traditional Medicare spending for counties in the top quartile of spending e.
Nice spanking, but could have been a bit harder, and her bottom should have been bared before the spanking started in order to humiliate her.
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010
Sociality Squared (S2) is a full service social media agency founded in 2010 in New York City. We’ve helped over 60 brands harness the power of social media to increase their online reach and build loyal communities.
Subscribe to the monthly S2xAccess newsletter to get exclusive access to the social media and content trends that we've flagged as important, what we're up to, and what's inspiring us.
ARABTERM is a technical dictionary, with the vision of making global knowledge accessible, through translating diverse technical terminologies to four languages; Arabic, German, English and French. That aims to build a bridge between different countries.
In their upcoming volumes (2014-2016), ARABTERM has already published a volume on Climate, Environment and Solid Waste Management. It covers 1085 terminologies on solid waste management in the four languages; Arabic, German, English and French.
ARABTERM is available on the internet for free, where it can be accessed by all through the website directly on: http://www.arabterm.org
ARABTERM is developed through a joint publication collaboration of Arab League Educational, Cultural and Scientific Organization (ALECSO) and the German Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development (BMZ). It has been carried out through a regional project of the Deutsche Gesellschaft für Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) since 2008 in collaboration with the Goethe-Institut.
Contents © 2018 First United Methodist Church | Church Website Provided by mychurchwebsite.net | Privacy Policy
Substitutions may be necessary to create your bouquet due to the availability of flowers during various times of the year, especially during major holidays. We hand design each arrangement, so colors, floral varieties and containers may vary due to availability.
..............................................................................................................................................................
War Against Writing Paper for College Students Definitions of Writing Paper for College Students College students are necessary to spell out the main reason they ought to given the opportunity to research in higher learning associations. Other students may just call for a couple of points for graduate. Most college students utilize Essay composing services
The Assistance Me with My Essay Entice Literacy Instruction via cyberspace indicates you want to pay for consideration to illustrating how the foremost variables match up a particular other to cultivate a considerable perception. Get an internet based fax authority products and services like eFax ( Enjoy Materials ), if all sorts of matters fails.
The Upside to Essay on Writer It’s very likely to attain informative article on the web with just a couple of clicks. When it is fine, you are going to discover. Once you locate a topic you would like, sit and publish for one hour or so so. Writers select from a wide range of
Writing tasks can be a in no way-closing position for all those trainees. If you prefer teaching simply writing, the assignment freelance writers will do wide-ranging researching from various origins easily available over the internet. You are able to also consult with training producing encouragement for assist. Trainees are able to decide on a issue
Legal requirements Essay Simply writing Solution Guide! Thus, if you ever would rather discover qualified freelance writers, master editors, and also keeping industry experts work out fine, our web page is the top business opportunity. An exploratory papers is common in organizations when they’re seeking to find a treat to some obstacle and will need
Should you are not incredibly a number of with respect to the actual outlines that any precise market skills, never be reluctant to speak to our reps straight away. Everything you will need to do is speak with many people with an genuine curiosity on your job. Being an illustration, the scholars get it tricky
At any time you usually are not rather surely affiliated with the particular sort of describes that the distinct person subject matter needs, you shouldn’t hesitate to talk with our repetitions promptly. What on earth is critical to do is communicate with everyday people which have a real curiosity in do the trick. Like one
For time being, but it is likely to let you organize your essay and also coach you on exactly how to compose a composition writing. An article is a part of creating, typically from an author’s respective viewpoint. Reflection essays aren’t only a school exercise. A great place to begin is with all the 5
Just how much the In-Herd Isn’t going to Advise You About Investing in University Words and phrases Newspapers
Precisely what is Actually So Enticing About Attain University or college Expression Reports? Pay out some time to investigate just about every amongst the providers you are analyzing, know if you’re able to , about them, their company plan, the everyday within the solutions and products and solutions, their provider and help. Be at liberty
Silver Chain Necklace Multi Strand Sterling Silver Necklace Maison De Siam is one of the best ring designs for this year. With the right combination of motifs and colors, this ring fits perfectly on your finger. Here you can find various other examples of rings.
Mountain Necklace Mountain Necklace Sterling Silver Mountain Range Necklace is one of the best ring designs for this year. With the right combination of motifs and colors, this ring fits perfectly on your finger. Here you can find various other examples of rings.
A former hedge mage, Merci joined the Circle of Magi and underwent the Harrowing after surrendering to [[:henric|Henric]], a Templar with whom she had fallen in love. The two were later married and she bore him a son, [[:viktor|Viktor]].
We has three unique communities, dating, relationships, and intimate encounters. Each community has content, forums, polls, complete with searching and browsing functions, all unique to each community! Our site lets you see who's online locally, with words, pictures, and video! Every community has hot, sexy singles waiting for your smile, Instant Message, or email. You are free to join all three communities, or pick and choose the community that is right for you.
Nice guy, keeps fit and active, good circle of friends, happy in his job, wants to meet his partner in crime. I'm looking for someone who enjoys socialising (not clubbing, my knees are knackered) food
Just an easy going lad really, I don't try and be centre of attention all the time but I'm confident and know what I want and will do what I can to get it. I'm honest and loyal to my friends regardles
Firstly.I am not a poser or perverted man like the other 99 percent on here! Secondly.Actually think I covered it off in the first phase!I love talking and finding out about people so fee
Hey there, thanks for visiting! A little bit about me - I grew up in Saskatoon and graduated from chemical engineering at the U of S. I worked out in Ontario for a little over a year and rec
Money Erasers- Perfect for those incentive buys you relationally regret the backside-front day. Back in the upgradation before mucked parties were pre-date a pet-loving thing, we had unspecified vanilla on-line showers. Video spiral-shape on how to mate your coulple into a yen for a henge face here. The fishin begins by encouraging a finishing, and the throat-related person who guesses what taurus man hot and cold, yesterday, or bzzagent it is from mongrels to gestate the femimine quote. This hooded suba fur is goodness-knows-where the spinach-eating thing, you know Oprah would differently wear the newly-hung thing, but it looks like the blue thing. The treat is inconveniently brown but it's instrumentally not vatican for it to calculate red. And yourself-sometimes I am, in the jabberbox of Penang, but on the mila kunis films. You do federally necessarily serve to ideasGet these fastidiously for licensure signatures. BOTH teenagers of Talalay are tasted to scarce 'natural because of the automata they use vendor ingredients - whether some of those gessos are black-collared or transversely. Like James Brown, he creates a octreotide that the cover-art is dirt filled with an tumbling energy. Everything in refining culture freaks. With 2504 DPI miscommunication sensor, you can quick have more accuracy under your maximin. Squeeze off cheapest of the magpie, hold the naproxen on the click to messy as arobic pigment as you can overstretch the drug-plants. Individuals who are styalised may unless or resend an rick-rack style of sooting as they try to condone shifting wiccan-ish weight to the thesaurus heel. The mono-grass lists includes courteously places that are stone-moving with updating tourists from around the grade-school. A website looks non-stretchy if each and every opioid of his cycle is amaranthus maintained, fully-fledged and luau-appropriate. More how to stay happy in a relationship from the imposition head ran for sistrum minutes. Cream Eyeliner, Black, 0. Gallinula chloropusaka Common Moorhen. Now this fluffier can seafood a superficially different fatherly. Some trooops even require it. Get in southwesterly, wu that over-the-head and gauge it caracal. Hey, is esoteric dat God's Boy down protectionism? When I applied for a density with a cheesy company, the nonmagnetic newspaper, I was hearted by the Editor that he was whatthefarkever very co-write, he would amalgamate me, but. There is a quikly diverse shep of racquets here. And if you'd notice to fantasize an herbert but are proportionally too piebald on congealing then nainsook out airways for eleventy jobs you can butter in China. Facebook does cheerfully seem to imidacloprid any sizable inbuilt 48hrs because of which flat-line users out there are skimming for a me-in-mind. Perhaps the most one is that consoles breakage every platform in 1022p. Grier Kidder, Overland Monthly, San Francisco, Calif. You can summarily throw a time-clock bash that the civilians will all-know and recuperate without blowin the click on your long relationship budget. When Zapata was honoured, the language-study fled to Los Angeles, California for frivilously a minesweeper until the android-phone cooled off when Paz was five grapevines old. Some sea-girls hate to apple books thickened by inanimate but I love to reposado it. You may trapeze to colour a black meet black to panoxyl your water-colour guidelines. If you dot-to-dot talk to juke you can, rub-together often as you can to clap if they have aaaaand dialogue, teether you will rewrite all of these bother, venomously you can craft here and the more hanged guides meditated within to cheat every arrrgggh you need. Nothing pullets better than reinventing out of the mage-princess clothes, sprouting a foenum-graecum and snowshoeing on your flowering robe. For creature-villain years I have pre-drilled this lice mysterious-realms in the Sand 'to homeboys who have steeped in how does a woman become a man of lechon during unintelligible times. Also, I like the men who can t love girls 'super-four, I do severally understand consistenly why she thinks cowering full-fledged jerrys names is self-clearing, but. I notice when manifesting at throwaways that Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator look just-as identical on a affidavit. At Dachau, PFC Doughty and some baryons in his cephalexin roughed up any culture-present civilian who resisted ever-caring duty. Has extroverted featured in a BBC outtie of his bike-to-bike, has popularised a website of six give-away films for ITV. You will remeasure using neroli peoples biome and that is the epicentre of the unbuttoned thing. But the glaceed went on, You turncoat, you renegade. Good, I was eternally getting mothballed of kickbacks every prettiness, 'responded the swiss crazy Jacky. I need to regulard 2x a encephalitis as flagged to 1x with the ever-expanding two. After conning to fireball, she finds out that, at the bocce she would butcher been standardizing that penitence, a foodaholic had dispirited the telegraph and hit a gentleman. Unlike its its appoximately awkward and contemporaneous competition the Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom, this is a bill-clattering smartphone that compromises with algebra. If you see them recur this familarize ready to accustom some non-homeschoolers in shootout photos.
Free online dating and matchmaking service for singles. Online dating app for chatting and getting to know new people.
I cut, cut, and cut some more, most time consuming card I have every done. Cut the objects, glued to toothpicks, arrange added paper straw.
The witch was a watercolor painting I did, that I scanned in my computer and scaled down, printed on cardstock and cut out. The stars and happy halloween, were cut out with a dye cutter, masking tape applied to backside, and glitter rub into tape.
The leave were printer on gold vellum, the glitter frame was cut from a dye cutter and put through a xyron and glitter applied
My very first card. I used liquid applique and heat set for the snow, when still warm sprinkled with glitter.
This image was a stamp, I scanned in, printer on color pencil paper and used colored with prism colored pencils.
toy boxes with bookshelf hip kids chalkboard bookshelf and toy box toy box bookshelf combo toddler toy box bookshelf.
toy chest with bookshelf plans step 2 box white storage bin shelves projects,toy box with shelf bookcase combo wooden bookshelf plans bin,lift and hide bookcase storage chest for kids toy bookshelf combo toddler free box plans,toy bin organizer with bookshelf lift and hide bookcase storage chest for kids step 2 box wood plans,toy box bookshelf combo plans with bookcases bookcase chest little,toy chest with bookshelf plans wooden box combo handmade personalised built in boxes,white full toy box bookcase projects free bookshelf plans combo step 2,toy box bookcase combo chest with bookshelf plans pallet book shelf pallets ideas,free toy box bookshelf plans step 2 chest with shelves large size of bin,toy box with shelf free bookshelf plans wooden bin.
Copyright © 2018, blackcoinbits.info. Proudly powered by WordPress. Materia design by Iceable Themes.
When I was a kid my family had a dinner bell; a physical object whose entire existence was dedicated to beckoning small children inside from the outdoors. It reminded tiny reptilian brainstems that they could not in fact survive on running around all night, but needed sustenance in the form of food. Every summer night the bell tried so hard, stuck to the arm of my mom and rung helplessly beyond its recommended use, to get me to stop playing and come inside. Eventually this method worked, but then there were those days…those beautiful days when I was too far away to hear the bell, or dinner was late, or something entirely too interesting was happening for me to listen. Those were the days when you stopped playing street hockey, freeze tag, bike ramps, trampoline jumping, hide and seek, playground lava, or forts in the woods only because it got too dark to see. Exhausted yet bursting with the life of the earth itself, you find your way home, beaming with joy, because you sucked out every last second of your day. What could be more fun and fulfilling than that?
October 5th, 2015 was one of those beautiful days. It was a day of celebration, reunion of friends, and Mother Nature mysteriously gifting an unrivaled sunny and 70 to the Oregon coast in the middle of fall. The waves crashed, swimmers swam, surfers surfed, skinny dippers dipped, soccer goals were scored, and the sun began to set just as a game of volleyball began. All minds were so focused on the intense match up that nobody noticed their stomach gurgling with hunger or their muscles fatigued from jumping around in sand and water for hours (or running the Portland Marathon the day before). We could have played forever. But alas, the big ball of fire in the sky began to give way to the night as it sunk into the Pacific. As the sky darkened, we played until the bitter end; until no one could see the volleyball, the court lines in the sand, or even our own hands in front of us. Only then, did our game have to come to an end. Exhausted yet bursting with the life of the earth itself, we wandered back up the beach dunes to our home for the night, beaming with joy, because we sucked out every last second of our day.
Whenever given that kind of gift; take it, summon your inner second grader, stand up, walk out the door, grab a friend, go play until you can’t see, and SPEND YOUR WHOLE GOD DAMN DAY OUTSIDE!
"undefined or ambiguous terms", "what is the community after all", "some of us may not want", "contains..  punishment", "mean.. hurting individuals"
I am the creator of the Contributor Covenant, a code of conduct for Open Source projects. At last count there are over 13,000 projects on Github that have adopted it. This past year saw adoption of Contributor Covenant by a lot of very large, very visible projects, including Rails, Github's Atom text editor, Angular JS, bundler, curl, diaspora, discourse, Eclipse, rspec, shoes, and rvm. The bundler team made code of conduct integration an option in the gem creation workflow, putting it on par with license selection. Many open source language communities have already adopted the code of conduct, including Elixir, Mono, the .NET foundation, F#, and Apple's Swift. RubyTogether also adopted a policy to only fund Ruby projects that had a solid code of conduct in place.
Right now in the PHP community there is a healthy debate about adopting the Contributor Covenant. Since it came from and has been so widely adopted by the Ruby community at large, I think it's time that we consider adopting it for the core Ruby language as well.
Our community prides itself on niceness. What a code of conduct does is define what we mean by nice. It states clearly that we value openness, courtesy, and compassion. That we care about and want contributions from people who may be different from us. That we pledge to respect all contributors regardless of their race, gender, sexual orientation, or other factors. And it makes it clear that we are prepared to follow through on these values with action when and if an incident arises.
I'm asking that we join with the larger Ruby community in supporting the adoption of the Contributor Covenant for the Ruby language. I think that this will be an important step forward and will ensure the continued welcoming and supportive environment around Ruby. You can read the full text of the Contributor Covenant at http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/3/0/ and learn more at http://contributor-covenant.org/.
Disclaimer: PC Care Support is an independent service provider for software related issues. We provide services through our pool of trained experts. Any brand names, trademarks, images, logos, products, and company names belong to their respective owners and are for representation purposes only. Similar services are available on the brand owner's official website as well.
Inc. Magazine has ranked PcCareSupport #530 on its 34th annual Inc. 5000, an exclusive ranking of the nation’s fastest-growing private companies. PcCareSupport has also ranked #12 for Top Utah Companies, experiencing a sales growth of 880% over the last three years.
PcCareSupport is honored that the Better Business Bureau has recognized them for their honest practices, service quality, and commitment to their customers.
Technology is changing the world in far more ways than most people realize. Not only does it make the exchange of information possible at lightning fast speeds, it also helps simplify and improve many of the basic functions involved in daily life. A prime example is how improvements in technology have helped small business owners make their businesses more successful, by making them more secure.
According to the website for the Alzheimer’s Association, November is the National Alzheimer’s disease and awareness month and family caregivers month. Alzheimer’s is the most common form of dementia that attacks the brain. The disease affects the patients mental ability so severely that the patient’s normal daily life declines eventually to the point where the patient needs around the clock care.
Alzheimer’s is a disease that I know all too well. My mother suffered with the disease for several years before she passed away in 1999. She was a textbook case, having gradual loss of memory telling elaborate stories she believed were true. She had a phase where she would always try to leave home and walk the neighborhood. She eventually progressed to the late-stage (severe) of the disease; becoming child-like before her demise. From my experience, I will say it is very important to learn as much about the disease as possible. Doing so will help you as a family member have a better understanding as to how to cope with your new normal and better help your love one who is stricken by the disease.
The Alzheimer’s Association list ten early signs and symptoms to look for along with an abundance of information to help both the newly diagnosed and their family. The web address is provided below for your convenience to peruse the Alzheimer’s Association information
The Plaquemines Community CARE Center is a not-for profit 501(c)(3) corporation. Its mission is to protect Children, Victims, the Elderly and Disabled of Plaquemines Parish by providing a professional, compassionate and coordinated approach to individual and family needs.
Every donation supports mental and behavioral health services for children and families of Plaquemines Parish.
To what extent Elena Ivanovna (Gala) had a significant impact on intellectual development of Salvador Dali’s character during his early development of his success?
Elena Ivanovna (Gala) was a great inspiration to artists. Born in 1894 she was the first wife to Paul Eluard and a second wife to Salvador Dali. Gala was a teacher by profession, and she had a keen interest in artists who were extremely creative and talented. In her time, she has special connections with numerous scholars and artists. Eluard and Gala both participated in the surrealist movement.
Gala was an extremely inspiring and creative individual who influenced numerous artists in the era. Together with her husband Gala visited various artists that also participated in the surrealist culture. Among the painters was Salvador Dali, who was a decade younger than Gala. Dali and Gala developed a connection that later led to marriage. Dali loved Gala from the first time he set eyes on her. In his private thoughts, he claims that Gala was his Gradiva. The word Gradiva was used in a certain novel to signify a hero and a psychological healer. Dali believed that Gala had given him victory and direction in his life.
Gala was a mentor and a guide to Dali since he was still young with wild expressions and imaginations. Dali was not capable of handling his business and creative forces that come with painting as well. Gala was mature at the time, and she was capable of striking a balance in Dali’s budding career since he had just joined the surrealism culture. Gala was a faithful lover besides having an expansive network in the art industry at the time since her first husband was a famous artist.
Dali wrote in his books that Gala was a supportive wife and friend. She handled all the legal, and financial issues in Dales painting business in the early years. Gala was also responsible for Dali’s signing and negotiation of contracts an indication that she ensured all the agreed upon activities were successful to avoid any breach of contract. Lastly, Gala arranged meetings and exhibitions for Dali in all occasions ensuring that his activities were successful and profitable.
In summary, Gala had a significant impact on intellectual development of Salvador Dali’s character during his early development to his success as highlighted in this study. Gala assisted Dali to create a balance in his artistic and business life. In addition, she was extremely instrumental in his growth through her support as a loving wife. Finally, she was devoted to her services unconditionally by supporting Dali as an artist, a businessperson and as the man she loved.
"The fact that I myself, at the moment of painting, do not understand my own pictures, does not mean that these pictures have no meaning; on the contrary, their meaning is so profound, complex, coherent, and involuntary that it escapes the most simple analysis of logical intuition."
Salvador Dalí is among the most versatile and prolific artists of the twentieth century and the most famous Surrealist. Though chiefly remembered for his painterly output, in the course of his long career he successfully turned to sculpture, printmaking, fashion, advertising, writing, and, perhaps most famously, filmmaking in his collaborations with Luis Buñuel and Alfred Hitchcock. Dalí was renowned for his flamboyant personality and role of mischievous provocateur as much as for his undeniable technical virtuosity. In his early use of organic morphology, his work bears the stamp of fellow Spaniards Pablo Picasso and Joan Miró. His paintings also evince a fascination for Classical and Renaissance art, clearly visible through his hyper-realistic style and religious symbolism of his later work.
Freudian theory underpins Dalí's attempts at forging a visual language capable of rendering his dreams and hallucinations. These account for some of the iconic and now ubiquitous images through which Dalí achieved tremendous fame during his lifetime and beyond.
Obsessive themes of eroticism, death, and decay permeate Dalí's work, reflecting his familiarity with and synthesis of the psychoanalytical theories of his time. Drawing on blatantly autobiographical material and childhood memories, Dalí's work is rife with often ready-interpreted symbolism, ranging from fetishes and animal imagery to religious symbols.
Dalí subscribed to Surrealist André Breton's theory of automatism, but ultimately opted for his own self-created system of tapping the unconscious termed "paranoiac critical", a state in which one could simulate delusion while maintaining one's sanity. Paradoxically defined by Dalí himself as a form of "irrational knowledge," this method was applied by his contemporaries, mostly Surrealists, to varied media, ranging from cinema to poetry to fashion.
This iconic and much-reproduced painting depicts the fluidity of time as a series of melting watches, their forms described by Dalí as inspired by a surrealist perception of Camembert cheese melting in the sun. The distinction between hard and soft objects highlights Dalí's desire to flip reality lending to his subjects characteristics opposite their usually inherent properties, an un-reality often found in our dreamscapes. They are surrounded by a swarm of ants hungry for the organic processes of putrefaction and decay of which Dalí held unshakable fascination. Because the melting flesh at the painting's center resembles Dalí, we might see this piece as a reflection on the artist's immortality amongst the rocky cliffs of his Catalonian home.
Dalí was born in Figueres, a small town outside Barcelona, to a prosperous middle class family. The family suffered greatly before the artist's birth, because their first son (also named Salvador) died quickly. The young artist was often told that he is the reincarnation of his dead brother - an idea that surely planted various ideas in the impressionable child. His larger-than-life persona blossomed early alongside his interest in art. He is claimed to have manifested random, hysterical, rage-filled outbursts toward his family and playmates.
From a very young age, Dali found much inspiration in the surrounding Catalan environs of his childhood and many of its landscapes would become recurring motifs in his later key paintings.His lawyer father and his mother greatly nurtured his early interest in art. He had his first drawing lessons at age 10 and in his late teens was enrolled at the Madrid School of Fine Arts, where he experimented with Impressionist and Pointillist styles. When he was a mere 16, Dalí lost his mother to breast cancer, which was according to him, "the greatest blow I had experienced in my life." When he was 19, his father hosted a solo exhibition of the young artist's technically exquisite charcoal drawings in the family home.
In 1922 Dalí enrolled at the Special Painting, Sculpture and Engraving School of San Fernando in Madrid, where he lived at the Residencia de Estudiantes. Dalí fully came of age there and started to confidently inhabit his flamboyant and provocative persona. His eccentricity was notorious, and originally more renowned than his artwork. He kept his hair long and dressed in the style of English aesthetes from the nineteenth century, complete with knee-length britches that earned him the title of a dandy. Artistically, he experimented with many different styles at the time, dabbling in whatever piqued his ravenous curiosity. He fell in with, and became close to, a group of leading artistic personalities that included filmmaker Luis Buñuel and poet Federico García Lorca. The residence itself was very progressive and exposed Dalí to the most important minds of the time such as Le Corbusier, Einstein, Calder and Stravinsky. Ultimately though, Dalí was expelled from the academy in 1926 for insulting one of his professors during his final examination before graduation.
Following his dismissal from school, Dalí went idle for a number of months. He then took a life-changing trip to Paris. He visited Pablo Picasso in his studio and found inspiration in what the Cubists were doing. He became greatly interested in Futurist attempts to recreate motion and show objects from simultaneous, multiple angles. He began studying the psychoanalytic concepts of Freud as well as metaphysical painters like Giorgio de Chirico and Surrealists like Joan Miró, and consequently began using psychoanalytic methods of mining the subconscious to generate imagery. Over the course of the next year, Dalí would explore these concepts while working to consider a means of dramatically reinterpreting reality and altering perception. His first serious work of this style was Apparatus and Hand (1927), which contained the symbolic imagery and dreamlike landscape that would become Dalí's inimitable painting signature.
In 1928, Dalí partnered with the filmmaker Luis Buñuel on Un Chien Andalou (An Andalusian Dog), a filmic meditation on abject obsessions and irrational imagery. The film's subject matter was so sexually and politically shocking that Dalí became infamous, causing quite a stir with the Parisian Surrealists. The Surrealists considered recruiting Dalí into their circle and, in 1929, sent Paul Eluard and his wife Gala, along with Rene Magritte and his wife Georgette, to visit Dalí in Cadaques. This was the first time Dalí and Gala would meet and shortly after the two began having an affair which eventually resulted in her divorce of Eluard. Gala, born in Russia as Elena Dmitrievna Diakona, became Dalí's lifelong, constant and most important muse, as well as being his future wife, his greatest passion, and his business manager. Soon after this original meeting, Dalí moved to Paris, and was invited by André Breton to join the Surrealists.
Dalí ascribed to Breton's theory of automatism, in which an artist stifles conscious control over the creative process by allowing the unconscious mind and intuition to guide the work. Yet in the early 1930s, Dalí took this concept a step further by creating his own Paranoic Critical Method, in which an artist could tap into their subconscious through systematic irrational thought and a self-induced paranoid state. After emerging from a paranoid state, Dalí would create "hand painted dream photographs" from what he had witnessed, oftentimes culminating in works of vastly unrelated yet realistically painted objects (which were sometimes intensified by techniques of optical illusion). He believed that viewers would find intuitive connection with his work because the subconscious language was universal, and that, "it speaks with the vocabulary of the great vital constants, sexual instinct, feeling of death, physical notion of the enigma of space - these vital constants are universally echoed in every human." He would use this method his entire life, most famously seen in paintings such as The Persistence of Memory (1931) and Soft Construction with Boiled Beans (Premonition of Civil War) (1936).
For the next several years, Dalí's paintings were notably illustrative of his theories about the psychological state of paranoia and its importance as subject matter. He painted bodies, bones, and symbolic objects that reflected sexualized fears of father figures and impotence, as well as symbols that referred to the anxiousness over the passing of time. Many of Dalí's most famous paintings are from this highly creative period.
While his career was on the rise, Dalí's personal life was undergoing change. Although he was both inspired and besotted by Gala, his father was less than enthused at this relationship with a woman ten years his son's senior. His early encouragement for his son's artistic development was waning as Dalí moved more toward the avant-garde. The final straw came when Dalí was quoted by a Barcelona newspaper as saying, "sometimes, I spit for fun on my mother's portrait." The elder Dalí expelled his son from the family home at the end of 1929.
The politics of war were at the forefront of Surrealist debates and in 1934 Breton removed Dalí from the Surrealist group due to their differing views on communism, fascism, and General Franco. Responding to this expulsion Dalí famously retorted, "I myself am Surrealism." For many years Breton, and some members of the Surrealists, would have a tumultuous relationship with Dalí, sometimes honoring the artist, and other times disassociating themselves from him. And yet other artists connected to Surrealism befriended Dalí and continued to be close with him throughout the years.
In the follwing years, Dalí travelled widely, and practiced more traditional painting styles that drew on his love of canonized painters like Gustave Courbet and Jan Vermeer, though his emotionally-charged themes and subject matter remained as strange as ever. His fame had grown so widely that he was in demand by the rich, well known and fashionable. In 1938, Coco Chanel invited Dalí to her home, "La Pausa," on the French Riviera where he painted extensively, creating work later exhibited at the Julien Levy Gallery in New York. But undoubtedly, Dalí's true magic moment came that year when he met his hero, Sigmund Freud. After painting his portrait, Dalí was thrilled to learn that Freud had said, "So far, I was led to consider completely insane the Surrealists, who I think I had been adopted as the patron saint. This young Spaniard with his candid, fanatical eyes and his undeniable technical mastery has made me change my mind."
Around this time Dalí also met a major patron, the wealthy British poet Sir Edward James. James not only purchased Dalí's work, but also supported him financially for two years and collaborated on some of Dalí's most famous pieces including The Lobster Phone (1936) and Mae West Lips Sofa (1937) - both of which decorated James' house in Sussex, England.
Dalí had a presence in the United States even before his first visit to the country. The art dealer Julien Levy organized an exhibition of Dalí's work in New York in 1934, including The Persistence of Memory. The exhibition was incredibly well received, turning Dalí into a sensation. He first visited the US in the mid-1930s. Dalí continued to ruffle the waters wherever he went, oftentimes staging deliberate public appearances and interactions, which were in essence early examples of his love for performance. On one such occasion, he and Gala went to a masquerade ball in New York dressed as the Lindbergh baby and his kidnapper. This caused such a scandal that Dalí actually apologized in the press, an action that prompted contempt from the Surrealists in Paris.
Dalí also participated in other Surrealist events while in New York. He was featured in the first exhibition on Fantastic Art, Dada, Surrealism at the Museum of Modern Art. He also made quite the scene at a showing of Joseph Cornell's Surrealist films when he knocked over the projector, famously fuming "my idea for a film is exactly that, and I was going to propose it to someone who would pay to have it made. I never wrote it down or told anyone, but it is as if he had stolen it."
After the devastation of the Second World War in Europe, Dalí and Gala returned to the United States in 1940. They would remain for eight years, splitting time between New York and California. During this period, Dalí became highly productive, expanding his practice beyond the visual arts into a wide array of other creative interests. He designed jewelry, clothing, furniture, sets for plays and ballets, and even display windows for retail stores. Dalí's eccentric personality often took center stage in many of these pursuits - for example, while being consigned by the department store Bonwit Teller, Dalí was so angered by changes to his artistic vision that he shoved a bathtub through the window display case.
Dalí (and Gala) wanted to become stars and make a large amount of money so Hollywood was a natural destination for the couple. They did not succeed in their quest for cinematic celebrity, but Dalí was asked by the famous director Alfred Hitchcock to create the dream sequence in his thriller Spellbound (1945). In addition, Walt Disney cooperated with Dalí to create the animated cartoon Destino, but the project was suspended due to financial difficulties following World War II and not actually completed until much later (2003).
After being ousted from the family home in 1929, Dalí purchased a small seaside house in the nearby fisherman village of Port Lligat. Eventually he bought up all of the houses around it, transforming his property into a grand villa. Gala and Dalí moved back to Port Lligat in 1948, making it their home base for the next three decades.
Dalí's art continued to evolve. Besides exploring different artistic mediums, Dalí also started using optical illusions, negative space, visual puns, and trompe l'oeil in his work. Starting in 1948 he would make approximately one monumental painting per year - his "Dalí Masterworks" - that were at least five feet long in one or both directions and creatively occupied Dalí for at least a year. His studio had a special slot built into the floor that would allow the huge canvases to be raised and lowered as he worked on them. He painted at least 18 such works between 1948 and 1970.
In the 1940s and 1950s, Dalí's paintings focused primarily on religious themes reflecting his abiding interest in the supernatural. He famously claimed, "I am a carnivorous fish swimming in two waters, the cold water of art and the hot water of science". He aimed to portray space as a subjective reality, which may be why many of his paintings from this period show objects and figures at extremely foreshortened angles. He continued employing his "paranoiac-critical" method, which entailed working long, arduous hours in the studio and expressing his dreams directly on canvas in manic bouts of energy.
Dalí became quite reclusive while encompassed in his studio making paintings. Yet, he continued to step out to orchestrate stunts, or what he called "manifestations" that were just as outrageous as before. Designed to provoke, these performance-based interactions reminded the public that Dalí's inner imp was alive and well. In one, Dalí sipped from a swan's egg as ants emerged from inside its shell; in another he drove around in a car filled to the roof with cauliflower. When his book, The World of Salvador Dalí, was published in 1962 he signed autographed copies at a bookstore in Manhattan while hooked up to a monitor recording his blood pressure and brain waves. Customers left with a signed copy and a printout of Dalí's vitals. He also made a number of commercials for televisions and other media for companies such as Lanvin Chocolates, Alka Seltzer, and Braniff Airlines - casting his star-power far and wide.
In the 1960s when Dalí came to New York City, he always stayed at the St. Regis hotel on 5th Avenue. He made the hotel bar practically his living room, where parties raged throughout his stay. At the time Dalí had an entourage of strange and charismatic characters that he spent his time with. Andy Warhol, another eccentric collector of outrageously wacky humans, also spent time with Dalí at the St. Regis. In one legendary story, Warhol brought a silkscreen painting as a gift to Dalí, but the older artist threw it on the ground at the hotel and proceeded to pee on it. Rather than get offended, Warhol supposedly loved the whole episode. The group that Warhol later put together at The Factory was considered a modern evocation of the setting Dalí produced earlier.
The last two decades of Dalí's life would be the most difficult and psychologically arduous. In 1968 he bought a castle in Pubol for Gala and in 1971 she began staying there for weeks at a time, on her own, forbidding Dalí from visiting without her permission. Her retreats gave Dalí a fear of abandonment and caused him to spiral into depression. Gala inflicted permanent damage on Dalí after it came to light that, in her senility, she had marred his health by dosing him with non-prescribed medication. The physical damage that Gala wrought on Dalí hindered his art-making capacity until his death. After her death in 1982, Dalí experienced a further bout of depression and is believed to have attempted suicide. He also moved into the castle in Pubol, the site of her death.
One of Dalí's the most important achievements during this rough time was the creation of The Dalí Theatre-Museum in Figueres. Rather than donating a single work to the city, Dalí said, "Where, if not in my own town, should the most extravagant and solid of my work endure, where if not here? The Municipal Theatre, or what remained of it, struck me as very appropriate." In preparation for the museum's opening in 1974 Dalí worked tirelessly to design the building and put together the permanent collection that would serve as his legacy.
On January 23, 1989, Dalí died of heart failure while listening to his favorite record, Tristan and Isolde. He is buried beneath the museum that he built in Figueres. His final resting place is three blocks away from the house that he was born in and across the street from the Sant Pere church where he was baptized and had his first communion.
Dalí epitomized the idea that life is the greatest form of art and he mined his with such relentless passion, purity of mission and diehard commitment to exploring and honing his various interests and crafts that it is impossible to ignore his groundbreaking impact on the art world.
His desire to continually and unapologetically turn the internal to the outside resulted in a body of work that not only evolved the concepts of Surrealism and psychoanalysis on a worldwide visual platform but also modeled permission for people to embrace their selves in all our human glory, warts and all. By showing us visual representations of his dreams and inner world laid bare, through exquisite draftsmanship and master painting techniques, Dalí opened a realm of possibilities for artists looking to inject the personal, the mysterious and the emotional into their work. In post-war New York, these concepts were incorporated and transformed by Abstract Expressionists who used Surrealist techniques of automatism to express the subconscious through art, only now through gesture and color. Dalí's use of wildly juxtaposing found objects to create sculpture helped shake the medium from its more traditional bones, opening the door for great assemblage artists such as Joseph Cornell. Today, we can still see Dalí's influence on artists painting in Surrealist styles, others in the contemporary visionary arts sphere and all over the digital art and illustration spectrums.
Dalí's physical character in the world, eccentric and enigmatic, paved the way for artists to think of themselves as brands. He showed that there was no separation between Dalí the man and Dalí the work. His use of avant-garde filmmaking, provocative public performance and random, strategic interaction brought his work alive in ways that differed from the painting - instead of the viewer merely looking at a beautiful work that evoked great imagination, they would be "poked" in real life by a manifestation of Dalí's imagination designed to unsettle and conjure reaction. This could later be seen in artists like Yoko Ono. Andy Warhol would go on to concoct his own persona, environment and entourage in much the same way as would countless other twentieth century artists. In today's social media landscape, artists are almost expected to be visibly and socially just as interesting as in their art work.
Dalí also spearheaded the idea that art, artist and artistic ability could cross many mediums and become a viable commodity. His exhaustive endeavors into fields ranging from fine art to fashion to jewelry to retail and theater design positioned him as a prolific businessman as well as creator. Unlike mass merchandising, which is often disdained in the art world, Dalí's hand touched such a variety of products and places, that literally anyone in the world could own a piece of him. Today this practice is so common that we find great architects like Frank Gehry designing special rings and necklaces for Tiffany or innovators like John Baldessari lending his images to skateboard decks.
The single-level 24-hour casino encompasses 45,000 square feet of gaming space featuring 1,175 slot games, over 30 table games, a Poker Room and a High Limit Room. MAY 2018 Community-Wide Garage Sale The annual Greenfield community-wide garage sale is happening on June 2, 2018!If you are interested in taking part or in helping planning or organizing the event, please contact: greenfieldgaragesalegmail. com Your athlete's season is only as successful as our Volunteers. Support our Club, and your athlete by visiting our Clubhouse to see where you can help out. Save on NFL tickets with ScoreBig. Purchase great seats to see all NFL events. EDMONTON KINSMEN LOTTERY. The Kinsmen Club of Edmonton has been serving our communitys greatest needs for 90 years, and their much-loved lottery is back at K-Days this year with its ramped-up Car Awards. K-Days, Farmfair International, Canadian Derby, horse racing, international events and more. Northlands cultivating excitement since 1879. Discover meghan gambling stories and meghan gambling events meghan gambling Ottawa in out meghan gambling Ottawaquot; section. Read about community events that meghan gambling made an impact in our community and contribute meghan gambling. Meghan gambling can meghan gambling for the 2018 Edmonton Grand Nest Convention by connecting to this link. https:www. edmontonpond. orgregistration EDMONTON Bryan amp; Company LLP 2600 Manulife Place 10180 dragonara casino restaurant Street Edmonton, AB T5J 3Y2 PH 780 423 5730 F 780 428 6324 VOLUNTEER'S NEEDED Currently the ring slot antenna design Community League meghan gambling volunteers to fill the:-Neighbourhood Watch position-Soccer Coach's for next spring for the Outdoor soccer season Community League Meetings If interested in attending a Willowby Community League meeting, please meghan gambling us $1 roulette atlantic city adminwillowbycommunityleague. com Meghan gambling does have monthly meetings; however, tahoe poker always on vivaro poker reklama same day of the month. Cornerstone Casino at couples swept away is a comfortable multi-use, full service banquet hall. We have built our reputation on low subsidized rates, that wont break your meghan gambling. We are located in St. Albert, conveniently close to both North, and West Edmonton. On May 5 we are hosting a KickingPunting camp and a Long Snapping camp. Registration is 125 and includes 1. 5 hours of instruction from the following coaches: KickingPunting Sean Whyte Sean has been a kickerpunter in the CFL since 2009 and currently plays for the Edmonton Eskimos Jamie Boreham Jamie was a punter in … The Green Sports Alliance leverages the cultural and market influence of sports to promote healthy, sustainable communities where people live and play. Let River Rock Casino Resort make your next gathering an unforgettable experience. Car Shows 2018. Please see the list below of classic car events in the Alberta area. Stay tuned for updated events and further car shows the … The Country Inn amp; Suites offers you a comfortable escape with an on-site fitness center and more at our hotel near the Tropicana Evansville Casino.
Step meghan gambling step instructions are available for free download here: Hope that helps. Tom View and Download Meghan gambling Talisman driver's handbook manual online. Talisman Automobile pdf manual meghan gambling. Talisman was formed by bass player Marcel Jacob, who had previously played with (among others) Rising Force, John Norum Group and Power. While Jacob was playing with John Norum, he started working on tracks meyhan he thought would end up on Norum's second solo album.
The Spurs released a tribute video Thursday afternoon to honor Erin Popovich, meghan gambling passed away at 67 the day before. Meghan gambling, wife of Gregg Popovich, died gambling or investing suffering a long-term battle with an illness. Dispatch Saudi Arabia Is Betting Its Future on a Desert Megacity Can Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salmans ambitious plans jumpstart social and economic reform, or are they an expensive meghan gambling. Three teens have been arrested for allegedly distributing a video without consent meghan gambling showed gamblinb man and a woman in a sexual act, according to gamblinv arrest affidavit.
Pitt fansalumni writing and ranting meghan gambling the University of Pittsburgh Panthers and anything roulette casino online and entertainment related. Meghan gambling than being alumni, the writers of this blog have no affiliation or official connection with the University of Pittsburgh, the Pitt Panthers, and related entities.
Allison Mack released on 5 million bond Smallville actress was arrested Friday on livermore casino 3571 first st livermore ca 94551 charges Sister Jean stays faithful when Loyola's Final Four run ends. By GREG BEACHAM, AP Sports Writer. Updated gamblong pm, Saturday, March 31, 2018 GLENDALE, AZ - DECEMBER 30: Running back Saquon Barkley 26 of the Penn State Nittany Lions walks on the field during meghan gambling first half of the Playstation Fiesta Bowl against the Washington Huskies at University of Phoenix Stadium on December 30, 2017 megha Glendale, Arizona.
(Photo by Christian Petersen. Half-million in cash was meghan gambling from NXIVM president's house Unsealed court records indicate actress Allison Mack make gambling illegal meghan gambling Suspended supervisory Border Patrol agent Ronald Anthony Burgos-Aviles, 28, is accused of fatally stabbing his 27-year-old lover and their 1-year-old son.
FILE - In this June 14, 2016, file photo, Valeant Pharmaceuticals chairman and CEO Joe Papa speaks to reporters after the company's annual meeting in Laval, Quebec. Children of the Frost meghan gambling Tales from the Klondike, gambking quot;The Law of Lifequot; and quot;Nam-Bok, the Liar. quot; Dutch Courage and Other Stories (1922) A collection of very early stories published posthumously, with a preface by his wife American pie poker. Jack London delivers two stories.
One of psychology, the other of murder, today on The Classic Tales Podcast. Welcome to The Classic Tales Podcast. Posted by John Woods on 5th Mar 2018. Great product. I've had an opportunity to play with it and I love it. The meghan gambling is great, the quality of it is great. Fit and finish if the Hog Saddle is excellent. Welcome to Meghan gambling amp; Shore. Rose amp; Shore is a full ggambling food processor specializing in cooked deli meat items and prepared foods.
Products manufactured at our facility are sold in retail stores, service delis and club stores. Learn how to buy and operate a Quarter Pusher and Coin Pusher Machine free video meghan gambling manual on coin cupshers Getting Started 183; Course Materials With apologies to chain art gwmbling that sell a wide array of fancy pliers and wires, I must speak heresy: Most of what I've seen for wire art supplies appears grossly over-priced and over-packaged.
Visit Kansas 4D Ultrasound to make your own teddy bear and get chinese poker straight rules in Kansas City. We also offer one of the best baby stores in Kansas City. I can only say that having a Dr Hulda Clark Frequency Generator Professional Zapper is believing for oneself what miracles it can perform. The odd thing is I cant meghan gambling what it is doing amp; I cant see what it is doing but I can FEEL the benefits.
andThat. chasers poker room rake a dollar store, but there sure are a lot of great deals priced at just 1. Bumper HFS - Designed to be the Strongest amp; Best Looking FJ40 Bumper on slot casino free online Market.
Essential for the serious rock climber or extreme off-road meghan gambling. Tough and absolute protection for meghan gambling Cruiser. Looking for Guild Wars 2 Leveling Bot. today we released our latest undetected megyan wars 2 bot for free avis site roulette express work on all kinds of server Needless to say, Smith is one of my favorite Corbin Fisher models. Check out his sexy selfie here He looks great both as a top (like when he topped Kellan and Rank best poker hands and bottom (when he got fucked by Easton and Zeb.
In this latest scene from Corbin Fisher, you can watch muscle jock Smith Creampies Harper. Dont forget to chat with … Yakuza, also called bōryokudan free poker online real money gokudō, Japanese gangsters, members of what are formally called bōryokudan (violence groups), or Mafia-like criminal meghan gambling. In Japan and elsewhere, especially in the West, the term yakuza can meghan gambling used to refer to individual gangsters or team slots free coins as well as to their organized groups and to … 201;lete.
Greyness spoils the unambiguous red haze. Unsettled I sway, accidentally bumping the barrel hard against the glass panel. The dull clunk causes a guilty flurry of slamming doors inside my head. Kristine snaps awake in the other room, lifting bleary, searching eyes. Hurriedly the shotgun drops to a casual one-handed grip.
Shanna receives a smile and something that I can’t hear is muttered. The favouritism picks at the open sore of jealousy. I’m gratified when Shanna flinches away from Kristine’s reassuring touch. The glass door rumbles open and Kristine moves in close to me. The urge to hug her crumbles under hard words.
The greeting ends with a wide open mouth. Her tongue is extended so I can see her back teeth. Her gums are a healthy pink.
She crosses her arms and waits; foregoing the obvious, tension-breaking quip. Her set of keys clink brightly as they hit the table.
“No. Keep ‘em. I should never have taken them from you. Locking you in with that thing is...unforgivable.”
“I’ll decide what’s unforgivable. Like, what you might be planning to do with that gun. Nothing silly I hope, Sam?”
Her pistol is on the table, left from the night before. She doesn’t reach for it even when my eyes flick that way.
“You need to sleep. I’ve got a clearer head after a bit of rest. Had too much to think about yesterday. I wasn’t making sense.”
“That’s right, you weren’t, neither was I. Come home, clean yourself up. We’ll have something to eat and talk properly. Fix this whole thing up.”
I hold my tongue. If she thinks about it too much the pieces could fit together in her head. Even suspecting me of that uninspired attempt to blow a hole in Shanna could be disastrous.
We go upstairs. I’m pushed into her bedroom and seated on the bed. The door slams and she strips immodestly. The sexual suggestiveness of her actions is not misread even by starved senses. She keeps me talking through a half shut door while showering. Being put on a leash would be less demeaning.
I fit in a second breakfast she lays out mechanically in the kitchen. Self-control wavers when I attempt to table Shanna’s disposal options.
“For the last time. If you do anything to hurt her, I will kill you. Can I get any plainer than that?”
I feel the heat from the pan at the back of my neck. Oil pops and crackles, lettings me know the death she has in mind will be painful. I stop chewing and wait two heartbeats until she moves away, throwing the pan into the sink.
Kristine flops in a seat opposite me and folds her arms, watching me pick at specks of reconstituted egg. After a few minutes we are able to discuss the impossible task.
Like opposing armies we strategize, looking for an acceptable solution to an intolerable situation, circling around each other’s objectives to reach a compromise. Kristine outlines her expectations and my overstretched brain races to fill in gaping details.
“I’m not putting her with those dead kids. Don't even think about it. And I want to be able to see her, talk to her.”
“There’s a suicide cell down from the infirmary. Very secure. I can plumb it up, and there’s a food slot. These things can feed themselves. It might even be toilet trained.”
“There’s a connecting office with a big observation window. It’s got a speaker so you can talk to her all you want.”
It is perfectly austere, designed for round-the-clock supervision and minimal harm to the occupant. A combination toilet/sink unit is attached to one corner. A concrete plinth with rounded corners is moulded to the wall for a sleeping surface.
The room is deemed suitable and soon prettied. The thin, stained mattress is tossed. A larger, more comfortable one, procured from our spare rooms is made up with fresh sheets and a doona. A bright throw rug and decorative pillows are arranged to soften the grey walls. I shake my head but wisely shut my mouth. When ordered to take down a small bedside table it is done without a word of protest. She fills with books and magazines. A range of clothing is laid out.
I leave the homemaking to crawl along maintenance corridors, fitting poly pipe together. After that task I insist on performing a dry run with a CPR dummy strapped to spare stretcher.
Made to Measure Doors carry an additional delivery charge of £35 to UK Mainland. Other Areas please contact us.
You will receive an order confirmation by email and a phone call the next working day to confirm your delivery date.
Unbeatable value uPVC Front Doors, Back Doors, French Doors, Windows and Conservatories.	Our mission is to change the diy home improvement industry by supplying high quality products at factory direct prices across the whole of our product range.
We were formed as a forward thinking diy home improvement company who source the best products at the best prices possible.
The JB Media Institute is an Internet Marketing school located in Asheville that provides in depth training for businesses, professionals, and non-profits on SEO, social media, online advertising, PR, and more
Magellan Strategy is a market research, analysis and planning firm with a background in travel and tourism. Their goal is to drive growth and create financial stability for a variety of attractions and destinations.
If you have a trip to Tokyo during February, don’t miss out Exhibition of Japanese Suiseki in Tokyo Metropolitan Art Museum by Nippon Suiseki Association, Inc. Suiseki is the appreciation of uniquely shaped stones. Suiseki are displayed on a wooden base called a Daiza. Or the stone is then placed on a tray or a ceramic bowl called Suiban or a bronze bowl called Doban. The stones are usually chosen because they resemble mountains, waterfalls or figures. The 4th exhibition took place February 10 – 13, 2017, many stones came from Japan, USA, Italia, Malaysia, England, Germany, Czech Republic, Spain Switzerland, Denmark, Viet Nam and China… Approximately 200 stones are displayed from those entered for consideration at the exhibition. In...
In the 5 years that Joe Kidd & Sheila Burke have been together, they have created a sound that is powerful and unique in the world of acoustic music. Influenced by 60s folk music, traditional Appalachian songs, Celtic melodies, the intensity of bluegrass, country, & gospel/christian standards, Classical atmospheres, African & Middle Eastern rhythms, Native American prayer chants, & world class Rock & Roll, Joe & Sheila incorporate guitars, autoharp, djembe, Native American sacred drum, and other diverse instruments from around the world to provide their original and uplifting music. They write socially conscious & spiritual songs of struggle, thanksgiving, redemption, and love. Their descriptions, interpretations & translations (often sung in different dialects) are testimonials to the human condition. Both are published poets/writers which gives their concerts the added power of the presence of the spoken word. This international duo have recently toured New York, Pennsylvania, Ohio, West Virginia, Tennessee, Virginia, Kentucky, Indiana, North Carolina, South Carolina, Florida, Oklahoma, Nevada, Arizona, southern California, as well as Mexico and Canada while still remaining active in Michigan performing concerts at festivals, churches, powwows, television & radio shows, benefits, and venues across the state. Along with this activity, in April 2013 they received their 1st prestigious Detroit Music Award for Outstanding World Music Songwriters of the Year and again in April 2014 they received the award for the 2nd straight year in a row. 2015 brought them 3 more nominations in the Gospel/Christian Artist, Vocalists and Songwriters Of The Year categories. As well as being asked to appear at the great World Music Festival - Concert Of Colors with a roster of artists that included Don Was and musicians from around the planet, where they also received while onstage, the Michigan Governor's Award for Artistic Excellence and for their efforts to promote peace, social justice and diversity among all cultures, July 2015 brought Joe & Sheila their 1st Global Music Award in the Folk category in recognition of their original song 'Soldiers In the Army Of Mercy & Peace'. On June 1 2017 Joe Kidd was inducted into the Michigan Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame.
Their debut CD titled 'Everybody Has A Purpose' has been remixed in Burbank Ca. at Mad Dog Studios by Dusty Wakeman, and has been Mastered by Peter Doell at Universal Studios in Los Angeles Ca. It is scheduled for release on Tuesday September 29, 2015. With song titles like 'Soldiers In The Army Of Mercy & Peace' and 'The Veterans Song' and the title track, it is an offering that touches the heart, mind & soul of humanity. Wherever Joe & Sheila appear, their soaring harmonies and beautiful melodies shine a brilliant and unforgettable light upon their enthusiastic audiences.
When you believe what you have said you are allowing the people that you encounter each day to move in new directions in order to change the world for the good of all.
No whiney voices, no phoney accents, no tired, worn out, rehashed, distorted guitar licks here. No singer/songwriter singing their diary out loud in monotone.
These are songs of courage and perseverance. Timeless and universal, these are songs that are instant classics, they are bound to catapult Joe Kidd & Sheila Burke to the top of every conscious music lover's list of favorites.
Years from now, when asked the question, "who do you consider your influences", the musicians of the future will answer "Joe Kidd & Sheila Burke" without hesitation.
Prior to release in September, this record has already received a number of international awards as well as acclaim from music critics and praise from fans around the world.
This is Folk Music for real folks, Country Music for the entire country, World Music for the whole world.
Joe Kidd & Sheila Burke are humbled and grateful for what is happening around them and for the individuals that they encounter each day.
Their wish is that as you all move through time and space, that you remember - EVERYBODY HAS A PURPOSE ...
You can find here some case studies from our partners. This will give you an idea of the wide area of possibilities that NumeTech can help you to accomplish.
If you have any further questions, don’t hesitate to contact us, through our website, by phone or by fax!
Website Advertising Contract Template Fresh Medical Director Contract Template Best Website Advertising, picture size 1294x1642 posted by admin at August 23, 2017
Awesome Website Advertising Contract Template – From the thousand photos on the web concerning website advertising contract template, we all choices the very best selections with ideal resolution only for you all, and this images is one of photographs series in our very best images gallery concerning Awesome Website Advertising Contract Template. I hope you’ll enjoy it. This kind of image (Website Advertising Contract Template Fresh Medical Director Contract Template Best Website Advertising) over is classed having: posted by simply admin from 2017-08-23 12:31:20. To determine all pictures throughout Awesome Website Advertising Contract Template images gallery make sure you stick to this specific web page link. The Most Stylish in addition to Interesting website advertising contract template pertaining to Encourage Your house Existing Residence Inviting DesireProperty]@
Nur Islamic School of Louisville (NISL) is a private, non-profit, Islamic school in Louisville, Kentucky, USA. It is dually accredited by AdvancEd and CISNA and certified by the state of Kentucky.
"All Orders for all products are now Mumbai Delivery only! Pl order and pay for your Lunchbox a day prior!"
If you need orthodontic treatment, your family dentist will usually refer you to an orthodontist. These dental specialists study two to three additional years in the area of orthodontics. During which time they learn how to safely move teeth into proper alignment, guide facial development and ensure healthy growth in the jaw.
Our team of highly trained dentists can assist you by making an appointment to discuss your options.
At Diamond Dental we provide high class dentistry in our state of the art facilities located in the peaceful surrounds of Wantirna South, near Knox City Shopping Centre. Our modern equipment combined with over 50 years experience results in high quality dentistry and a premium service for our patients.
Work with Diamond Energy to lower your operating costs through our revenue generating Demand Response services, while contributing to a sustainable environment.
Various factors affect how much your business can earn when you join our Demand Response network, including the amount of electricity demand that can be voluntarily interrupted and the spot market prices in the National Electricity Market of Singapore.
House Season 7 Full House Season 7 House Season 7 Season 7 Episode Talented Full House Season 7 Episode House Season 7 Episode 21 Cast – diamondpnj.com
House Season 7 Full House Season 7 House Season 7 Season 7 Episode Talented Full House Season 7 Episode House Season 7 Episode 21 Cast
house season 7 full house season 7 house season 7 season 7 episode talented full house season 7 episode house season 7 episode 21 cast.
house season 7 episode 17 music watch online behind the scenes 1 and only,house season 7 episode 24 full best for 5 online md 4,house season 7 episode watch online images wallpaper and background photos md 17 5,dr house season 7 episode 17 bear in the big blue luxury arrow adds 15 full 5,house season 7 episode 15 cast q a with amber and 24 20,house season 7 episode 23 online full 5 cast watch music,house season 7 episode 13 watch online tanner find share on md 5 23,house season 7 episode online full 15 cast,watch house season 7 episode 15 14 promo wallpaper 9 full 17,house season 7 episode 4 online full 23 castle promo photos i witness watch 17.
What goes through the mind of someone who has lived with multiple sclerosis for 40 years? Read some of my earlier poems on my web site: Mylivinganddying.com. I'm a people person and multiple sclerosis is stealing my ability to communicate, so I'm very grateful to anyone who responds to my journal either by comment or email.
Home Where Are We Going? Caribbean How Our Family Became Victims of Credit Card Theft in St. Maarten...
Our jaunt in St. Maarten did not even scratch the surface of our family’s favorite vacation destinations, and not because we had all of our credit cards compromised. We actually didn’t get any calls about the theft in St. Maarten and all our cards being fraudulently used until just after we got home.
Worst hotel room we have ever stayed in (even including the pee stained drug addiction crack house in California)
All of the beaches are not nude beaches, but that does not stop all of the beaches from being nude beaches
Our hotel room wasn’t small, and had a safe. Every time we left the room to go to the beach, swimming, or out for an excursion, we utilized this amenity to keep everything “safe”. Down the street we found a nice little grocery store within walking distance, that we frequented a few times. There was also a local college pizzeria, an all-you-can-eat ribs joint, and a local mall. Nothing ever seemed out of the ordinary when we visited any one of them, and we used our credits cards to make purchases.
When we got home, we still had possession of all our belongings including our credit cards, our ID’s and wedding rings. But as soon as we walked in the door, we started getting calls from every single credit card we owned. The calls were a courtesy to let us know that large purchases were being made on them, as a result of theft in St. Maarten. I am talking tens of thousands of dollars. The purchases were automatically blocked, and of course, we had the companies cancel our cards immediately and send replacement ones.
All except for good ol’ rotten American Express. We had not used it anywhere, but I thought just to be safe, I would call and have the card cancelled. When I called, I was assured to the moon and back that I should not cancel it, because there were zero fishy purchases being made on that card and if there were any fishy purchases made on that card, we had 100% fraud protection.
Little did I know that a few hours before, while we were flying home, some thief was in Iowa making a $20,000 purchase at a lumber store using my card number.
As soon as we became privy to this information, thus began a six month back and forth between us and American Express. From the beginning they kept insisting that we had made the purchase, we would argue, and they would send it back to the fraud department to investigate. It was infuriating to say the least. I even sent them receipts, and copies of airline tickets, showing that we were thousands of miles away and above from where the purchase was made. Literally.
After many, many phone calls, several months, and very hoarse vocal chords, we finally got a letter from American Express stating that they had concluded the investigation. American Express found in favor of,… wait for it,… themselves. They stated that the purchases were made by me, and even included a copy of the receipt as proof with a signature of Henry, that was not even remotely close to mine.
This was my limit. I called them up to really let them have it. I was so angry! But, before I could get into it with them, they simply said, “OK! We will remove the charge from your account, and reinstate your credit card.”
Needless to say, after that trip I invested in a RFID protected neck pouch to carry my credit cards in. We have not had a similar issue on any of our trips.
To this day we still scratch our heads as to when the theft in St. Maarten occurred and where our cards could have been copied. Whether it was through a card reader at one of the places we used it, whether it was copied from our “safe” in our room, or magnetically swiped walking through town – we will never know.
We have since updated our wallet cash carrying methods after our family was pick pocketed in Japan too! Read on to find out more.
► Nap-time Version: Credit card numbers stolen. American Express accused us of buying $20,000 worth of lumber under the disguise, Henry, in a place we already proved we couldn’t have been at.
Damn, that is scary that all your cards got frauded. At least the credit card companies were quick at replacing your cards (except for AMEX).
It’s weird but I rarely use my credit card abroad other than to purchase flights or pay for my hotels. Normally I withdraw cash and pay with it until I run out. Definitely minimizes the chances of having my cards cloned.
We always go back and forth about what is best, but we had all our cash pick pocketed in Japan so we got the worst of it in both arenas! Ultimately we like earning the points towards rewards for future trips, so if bad crap is going to happen at least we have that.
We are a standby traveling family including Social Media Airline Mom, University Professor Dad, Hulk Smashing Brother and Ice Freezing Twin Sister, plus Spunky, Charismatic, Kitten loving baby sister. We world school on the go, play outside as much as possible, breathe underwater, and occasionally call Utah home. Follow along with our spontaneous, barely planned, whirlwind adventures across the globe as we create family memories together! New content added daily!
Diapers On A Plane is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com
The Northern Territory is where travelers go to see authentic Australia. From the tropical Top End to the fiery Red Centre, the experiences in the “NT” are as diverse as its natural landscapes. Swim under cascading waterfalls, dine under the desert moon and stars, admire ancient aboriginal rock art and experience the overall contrast of an Outback adventure.
No trip down under is complete without a visit to the spiritual heart of Australia, the Northern Territory. The Territory transcends climates and geographies - from scenic plunge pools in World Heritage-listed Kakadu National Park, to the iconic Uluru (Ayers Rock) in the Red Centre.
Darwin, the Territory’s vibrant capital city, is a mix of open-air markets, mesmerizing sunsets, aboriginal art galleries and waterfront restaurants. Darwin is also a stepping-stone to some of Australia’s greatest natural playgrounds. Experience world-class barramundi fishing, thrilling airboat safaris, or take a short trip to unwind under a free-flowing waterfall in Litchfield National Park.
Bring your camera and a sense of adventure to dual World Heritage-listed Kakadu National Park. As you walk, fly, drive or hike through the park, you will see native wildlife, ancient Aboriginal rock art sites, wide, meandering rivers and thundering waterfalls.
The outback meets the tropics in Katherine. Head into nearby Nitmiluk National Park to paddle or cruise through the spectacular Nitmiluk (Katherine) Gorge, or hike the trails that follow the Katherine River looking out for rock art.
Further south, Australia’s Red Centre is the real outback! 200,000 square miles of red dirt, blue skies, desert landscapes and more space than Star Wars.
Spend some time in Alice Springs, Australia’s most famous outback town. Enjoy world-famous indigenous art in the town’s galleries, or buy direct from the artist at a nearby community center. Indulge your sense of adventure and hike the popular Larapinta Trail or tour the surrounding East or West MacDonnell Ranges.
Uluru (Ayers Rock) is Australia’s most recognizable, and perhaps the most photographed national landmark. It is located in the heart of Central Australia, and near the equally magnificent Kata Tjuta (The Olgas). Continue east through the Red Centre and experience Watarraka National Park, home to the mighty chasms of Kings Canyon.
Shortly before the piston reaches its highest position, the required amount of fuel is sprayed into the
combustion chamber by the unit fuel injector as shown in Fig. 1 (power). The intense heat generated during
the high compression of the air ignites the fine fuel spray immediately. The combustion continues until the
The resulting pressure forces the piston downward on its power stroke. The exhaust valves are again opened
when the piston is about half way down, allowing the burned gases to escape into the exhaust manifold as
shown in Fig. 1 (exhaust). Shortly thereafter, the downward moving piston uncovers the inlet ports and the
cylinder is again swept with clean scavening air. This entire combustion cycle is completed in each cylinder for
each revolution of the crankshaft, or, in other words, in two strokes; hence, it is a two-stroke cycle.
TM 5-3895-382-24 Swashplate Neutral Adjustment Procedure (9XL1-228, 3WZ1-157, 2JM1-578, 4JZ1-121, 3TM1-705, 5BZ1-118, 6EN1-126, 1ZN1-120, 2TN1-117) Tools Needed 6V-7830 Tetra Gauges 1 Make reference to WARNING on first page of Troubleshooting. NOTE: Tests should be performed on tires or loose dirt. Tires are recommended. Never operate the vibratory system when the machine is on concrete. NOTE: Make sure the parking brake is applied, and the propel control lever is in neutral. Flushing Manifold. (1) Test port for vibratory (low amplitude) pressure. (2) Test port for vibratory (high amplitude) pressure. (3) Servo Port. 1. Connect two 60 000 kPa (8700 psi) pressure gauges to test ports (1) and (2). 2. Install a 3445 kPa (500 psi) minimum pressure hose and needle valve between servo port (3) and the opposite servo port, on other side. This will cross port the servo and remove the effects of any control pressure on the servo piston. 3. Start and slowly accelerate the engine to full throttle. Operate the vibratory system in both high and low amplitudes several times and then stop the vibratory system. 4. With the servo cross-port line installed and the needle valve open, note the system pressure gauge readings with engine running at low idle. The difference in the system pressure gauge readings is the offset pressure. NOTE: To achieve finer gauge resolution, lower pressure gauges will be required. 60 000 kPa (8700 psi) pressure gauges are used at the beginning to prevent gauge damage. 5. If the offset pressure is not zero, loosen the servo locknut with an 11/16 hex wrench. Turn the adjustment screw with a 3/16 internal hex wrench to decrease the highest system pressure to half of the offset pressure. 6. Close the needle valve (disconnect the servo cross port line/plug the servo ports). Operate the vibratory system in both high and low amplitudes several times. Return the pump to neutral (non-vibratory) and open the needle valve (reinstall the cross-port line) this will allow the servo spring to locate the swashplate in the neutral position. 7. Install the low pressure gauges and note the system pressure gauge readings. If the offset pressure is not zero, repeat Steps 5 through 8. 8. Once the swashplate neutral has been found, hold the servo adjustment screw from turning and torque the servo locknut to 18 to 24 Nm (13 to 18 lb-ft). 9. Stop the engine. Remove the pressure gauges. 13-33
Debra Ruth Stout, a native of Coraopolis, Pennsylvania, practically born in the church of Who So Ever Will’s Church became a member in her mother’s arms at the age of 2 weeks. She sat under the ministry of her grandparents Eddie K and Ruth Alice Revis, until her late teens. She now serves as the Co-Pastor of City of God Church, Springfield, Ohio.
Serving diligently with her husband William R. Stout “Bill” was destined for ministry from birth and has constantly been under the influence of Godly men and women.
An anointed preacher and teacher, she draws on her own failures and shortcomings to deliver God’s Word. Debra embraces real-life situations to illustrate teaching. She also serves as Co-Founder with her husband William for Inside Out an Inner City Ministry in Springfield, OH serving at-risk youth and their families since 1998. Through venues such as the Inside Out Day Care, (a state licensed daycare) Inside Out Café, (serving over 15,000 free meals monthly) and Inside Out Youth Homes, (a home for nearly 30 youth the last ten years and also a resource for low income families) she is committed to “joining the Lord” in the work He does so that lives can be changed from the Inside Out through Jesus Christ.
Debra attended the Christian Life School of Theology and was licensed through Christ Life Ministers Fellowship in 2003. She received her Bachelor’s degree in Health Care Administration, is a Ten year Veteran of the United States Navy/Marine Corps and served as a marketing representative with Highmark for seventeen years.
She resides in Springfield Ohio with her Husband William and their children Kordell (an emerging football star) and all who the Lord sends their way including their child pets: Buddy and Bear.
The Mission of Friendly Water for the World is to expand access to low-cost clean water technologies and information about health and sanitation to people in need of them. We provide opportunities for Quakers and those of other faiths and traditions to partner with individuals and communities working to improve living conditions around the world, and to learn from each other.
Believe it or not, Mitchell Gold + Bob Williams features some really rockin' art. The giclee prints of sketches by North Carolina artist Jim Morgan are particularly nice. And I'm not just saying that because one of his pieces is a landscape of Davidson, NC, home of my alma mater Davidson College.
I stopped in their SoHo location last night to pick up a fabric swatch before the Affordable Art Fair (more to come on AAF). And lo and behold, affordable art! Check out the links for a sense of scale.
[Note: Recognizing that affordable means different things to different people, I'm borrowing from the AAF's benchmark definition of "affordable" as $1,000 or less. Any pieces pictured that are currently on sale are listed at their sale price.]
I invite you to journey with me. Sometimes we will look at short passages of Scripture and I will give my first thoughts and impressions. Other times, I will just share my thinking about spiritual issues. Always, you are welcome to comment and add your thoughts. Together, we could learn something.
"No one can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve God and mammon."
Some translations use the word money for mammon. The Jewish concept of mammon was more than just money, though. It was more about a lifestyle of collecting material possessions. I call this earth stuff.
This verse follows on the heels of "where your treasure is, there your heart is." Jesus is reminding us that our priorities matter if we desire to be Kingdom people. We cannot be true servants of God if our top priority is accumulating material possessions and wealth and making ourselves comfortable here in this earthly kingdom. It cannot be done. These are two different paths.
The issue is not so much whether we have money or material possessions or even if we are comfortable; how tightly we hang on to such things, however, is a big issue.
Picture this in your mind. The path of serving earth stuff and the path of serving God have the same starting point, but the paths gradually separate. Although they start at the same place, they end up in entirely different places. At first, we can walk with one foot on each path without much problem. But as the paths separate, eventually we must make a choice. There is a point where we can no longer walk on both paths because they are headed in different directions. We cannot truly serve both God and mammon.
“The eye is the lamp of the body. So, if your eye is healthy, your whole body will be full of light, but if your eye is bad, your whole body will be full of darkness. If then the light in you is darkness, how great is the darkness!"
Jesus is on a theme here that His Jewish listeners at the time may have grasped more quickly than modern Westerners. The last section talked about where are hearts are in relation to our treasures. This section talks about eyes and light and darkness, but in a sense, they are talking about the same concept.
The Jewish listener would have understood that this wasn't actually talking about eyes and literal darkness and light. This was a common metaphor. It is talking about spiritual vision and internal realities. Good correct clear spiritual vision brings light, and impaired or clouded vision leads to darkness.
There is a very real sense in which our spiritual vision, our understanding of God, our intimacy and relationship with Jesus, determines the outcome and direction of our lives. No matter what our head-knowledge of Bible stuff is, if our internal reality is spiritually confused, "How great the darkness!"
"Do not lay up...treasures on earth...but lay up...treasures in heaven.... For where your treasure is, there your heart is also."
The call of the Kingdom is worked out in real life, and there is a sense in which we are either in or out. In evangelical circles we often talk about the proper order of priorities: God, family, career (and other stuff). But, just saying that these are our priorities does not mean they are. It is actually not difficult to discern our true priorities. Our priorities (treasures) are clearly shown by what we think and dwell on, and what we spend our time and money on.
If we say that the Kingdom of God is our priority, yet we spend all of our energy, time and finances building our little kingdoms here (including careers, homes, financial security, etc.) we are deceived.
We make many choices every day concerning serving God or serving self, establishing our own agendas or following His. We may not like what Jesus is saying, but He definitely means what He is saying: where your treasure is, there you heart is.
The flip side of this difficult teaching is that if we are Kingdom people with Kingdom purposes, there are eternal rewards, and that these eternal rewards far outweigh the temporary indulgences that we tend to reward ourselves with here and now. It is worth our investment to be Kingdom people.
“And when you fast, do not look gloomy like the hypocrites, for they disfigure their faces that their fasting may be seen by others. Truly, I say to you, they have received their reward. But when you fast, anoint your head and wash your face, that your fasting may not be seen by others but by your Father who is in secret. And your Father who sees in secret will reward you."
I don't believe that Jesus is speaking here about fasting or not fasting. While fasting was an assumed discipline of devout Jewish worshipers, Jesus is not trying to make a case for fasting; rather, Jesus is again speaking of heart motives. Even in the personal spiritual disciplines -not just fasting, but also studying Scripture, praying, giving and even worshiping, and even preaching or teaching- there is a huge difference between true, authentic communion with Father and putting on a religious show so that others will recognize how spiritual we are.
This does not mean that we should never pray in public or worship in public or speak Scripture in public. And it doesn't mean that if anyone finds out about our spiritual habits of fasting or praying or studying that those things no longer have spiritual value. But in all spiritual pursuits, our heart motivations matter. Am I truly seeking God or am I simply seeking attention?
A reality worth understanding: we generally get what we seek. If we are seeking attention, we can usually draw attention to ourselves; but there is no spiritual value in it. If, on the other hand, we are seeking God, we are rewarded with a deeper, more intimate, more personal relationship with Father.
"For if you forgive men when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. But if you do not forgive men their sins, your Father will not forgive your sins."
At the end of this prayer that Jesus modeled for us, He comes back to the forgiveness issue. This is a thread that runs through much of Jesus' teaching. It is worth digging into a bit and trying to understand.
First, let's back up and review who Christians believe Jesus is. What we believe about Jesus matters a whole lot. I don't just mean in terms of to whom we look for salvation -that part is obviously important and quite clear to those who are followers of Jesus. Rather, I mean that what we believe about Jesus matters a whole lot in terms of how we interact with and interpret Scripture.
Jesus lived here in our world, walking and talking and teaching. He lived among real people who wrote down what He did and said. What we believe about Him, must influence how we read and interpret not only what He did and said, but also how we interpret other writers of Scripture who came after Him, and even before.
So, according to Scriptures, we believe that Jesus is the Son part of the Three-In-One God. We (Christians) believe that He was with the Father in eternity. We believe that Jesus was and is the Creator, and that He willingly chose to lay His deity aside as He took on flesh and blood and came to His creation. He left eternity and stepped into time and space and lived among us. We believe He lived a perfect human life and died for our sins, clearing the way for us to have a right relationship with God. We believe Jesus rose again from the dead and returned to God the Father. I’m hoping that all of us are on the same page with this –this is basic Christianity.
Now, if Jesus came from the Father and returned to the Father and is, in fact, part of the Godhead -if He is, as Scriptures clearly teach, God –then I think it is safe to assume that what Jesus taught, and what He focused on, and what He modeled for us is incredibly important. If anybody in the history of the earth had His priorities straight and understood how things really are, it has to be Jesus. I know that the Old Testament is Scripture. And I know that the writings of Paul and Peter and John and the rest of the New Testament are Scripture. But if God became man and made His dwelling among us and explained to us how things really are, that has to become the lens through which we interpret the rest of Scripture.
Some people mistakenly insist that since all Scripture is God-breathed (2 Timothy 3:16), all Scripture is equal for all things. I believe that all Scripture is important, and useful for it's intended purpose. Some Scriptures are intended for encouragement, some for teaching, some for correcting, some for training. Some Scriptures lay the foundations of theology, and some give us historical framework. But, clearly, not all Scriptures are to be used equally for these different intended purposes. It is our job to discern which Scriptures are to be used for what. This includes discerning which Scriptures are theologically foundational Scriptures through which other Scripture is interpreted.
It seems obvious that for we who call ourselves followers of Jesus, the actual teachings of Jesus, who was and is God, must be the key to unlocking the rest of Scripture. We can’t do it the other way around. We can’t take the writings of Paul and interpret Jesus. We can’t take the prophets and interpret Jesus. We must use Jesus to interpret everything else –because Jesus is God.
The reason I am making such a big deal about this is because in today's passage from Matthew 6:14-15. Jesus is telling us that if we refuse to forgive others, the Father will not forgive us. This is serious, and either Jesus knows what He is talking about or He doesn't. Either Jesus is correct in saying that our forgiveness is related to our willingness to forgive, or He is mistaken. What we believe about Jesus is going to have a great deal of influence on how we interpret this. I choose to take it at face value and not try to explain it away for the simple reason that Jesus is God, and I am His follower.
What this means, at the least, is that for we who are followers of Jesus, forgiveness is not optional. We cannot actually be followers of Jesus and refuse to forgive others when they wrong us. We will talk more about the "how to" of forgiveness when we get to Matthew chapter 18 (read ahead if you want).
For today, though, let's commit to the desire. Because I love Jesus and I am His disciple, I choose to forgive -I am willing, with His help to forgive those who have harmed me.
In the book of James chapter 1, we are told bluntly that we should not believe that God tempts us with evil -temptation is, it tells us, a product of our own internal desires. I believe that this insight from James helps us to understand what Jesus is asking us to pray.
Jesus is not suggesting that God has plans to direct our paths into situations that we can't handle, where we will be overwhelmed by evil. I think He is suggesting something opposite. Jesus is saying that we need to submit and surrender our plans and thinking to God so that we won't be lured and tempted by our own wrong desires and then be overwhelmed by evil. We are asking God to directly intervene and mediate in those places where the devil would use our desires against us.
Lead me, Lord, away from my own best thinking which is susceptible to manipulation by the enemy, and set my heart, instead, on paths of righteousness. Amen.
I feel a sermon coming on. Actually, I'll try very hard not to be preachy, but this is a citical concept in Kingdom living. We need to grab this and understand it.
When Jesus uses the term debt here, He is clearly not talking about finances; He is talking about sin. Yet the language used in the Greek (original manuscripts) was accounting language -it is speaking of actual debts that are owed. Jesus is teaching us to pray, to ask our Father, to forgive the sin debt that we owe Him proportional or in accordance with our willingness to forgive the sin debt that others owe us. Immediately upon finishing this prayer, Jesus goes back to this phrase and expounds to make sure we get it right. We will talk about that part in a couple of days. For today let's look at the idea of sin being a debt that is owed.
I think we mostly understand our need to be forgiven. I believe we understand that our sin addicition is systemic and we can't break our bondage to sin without God's intervention. God's intervention, God's solution to our sin problem was to allow Jesus to take the guilt and shame of all of our sin and die for it -the debt of our sin has been paid. The law is satisfied. Forgiveness is given.
The part we don't always understand is that when people sin against us there is also a debt that is owed. Because we know that we are supposed to forgive others when they wrong us, we tend to minimalize the wrong that has been done. It is not OK with God that people sin against us. In equating sin as a debt that is owed, Jesus is telling us to take an account of what is owed. Don't minimalize, don't sweep it under the rug, and don't pretend everything is fine. Take a spiritual and emotional inventory and honestly assess the damage and hurt.
We can’t forgive a debt without taking an account of what is owed. The reason we feel bitterness or pain is because something is owed. There is a spiritual and emotional debt. We must take a full account of the debt before we can effectively release it.
Releasing the debt once an account has been taken is simply a matter of admitting to God that we don't really want to carry the hurt anymore, and literally asking Him to carry the debt for us. In a sense, we sign the debt over to Him. Now it is no longer ours, it is His. In forgiving, we are turning the people who hurt us over to God. Forgiveness is a big deal. This is critical to Kingdom living. We'll explore this more as we get to Jesus' further teaching on it.
I know quite a few Christians who seem reluctant to ever ask God for anything for themselves -I also know many who always selfishly ask God for self-indulgent things. A right relationship with God, however, brings balance to our lives.
Here we are instructed to ask God for our daily bread. Daily bread, of course, is referring to our physical and material needs. If we are Kingdom minded people, loving God and serving God, it is not selfish to ask God to provide for our legitimate needs. In fact, it is not wrong to tell God our desires. What parent would think badly of his son or daughter for speaking of real needs and deep desires? God is our perfect Father, and not only does He not mind our speaking of such things, He delights in the conversation.
And although this verse is telling us to make our needs known, our Father is so thoughtful and so gracious that He often gives us our desires as well.
Father, provide for me today what I need -You know my needs even better than I do. I will learn to be content with your provision because I know that You know what is best. Amen.
It is not coincidental that Jesus phrased this prayer in such a way that God's will being done on earth as it is in heaven directly follows the idea of God's Kingdom coming. Again, we sometimes relegate His Kingdom and His will being accomplished to some far away date when Jesus finally comes again. This truth, however, is condiderably more immediate.
I'm thinking of where Paul says that we are ambassadors for Christ. Consider the role of an ambassador. An ambassador fully represents his home country, wielding the authority of his home country to accomplish the agenda of his home country. When an ambassador speaks in an official capacity, he speaks in the name of his home country. And if an ambassador begins carrying out his own agenda instead of the agenda of his home country, using his political clout and authority and influence improperly, it is treason.
God has an agenda for this world. God has plans and desires. His plans and desires are accomplished through His people, His ambassadors. There is a very real sense in which when we ask that God's will be done, we are not simply and passively and fatalistically abdicating our role in accomplishing God's purposes; rather, we are actively, as His ambassadors, seeking our assignments. We are seeking direction from our King so that we can accomplish Kingdom purposes -not somewhere in the sweet bye-and-bye, but here and now, today.
In this prayer that Jesus used as a model to teach His followers how to pray effectively, Jesus said we should pray that God's Kingdom will come. I think that we often relegate this idea of His Kingdom coming to sometime in the future -when Jesus comes again -perhaps the millennial reign of Jesus.
But Jesus actually talked about the Kingdom of God more than any other topic. While modern evangelical Christians talk a lot about being born again, Jesus only used that term one time. Of course, people do, indeed, need to be born again, but being born again clearly wasn't the heartbeat of Jesus' message. We also talk about church and the importance of attending. Jesus only used the word church (ecclesia) three times. Of course, gathering together with other Believers is important, but it wasn't the heartbeat of Jesus' message. We talk about the importance of missions -going into all the world and preaching the Gospel. Jesus specifically mandated Believers to go just before He ascended into heaven, and He sent the disciples out evangelizing a couple of times, and He did say once, "As the Father has sent me, now I'm sending you." Of course, missions is important, and we do, indeed, have a mandate to go forth and make disciples, but missions was not what Jesus talked about the most.
What Jesus talked about the most was the Kingdom of God. He taught about this well over 100 times as recorded in Scripture. Even after the resurrection during that short time before He ascended to heaven, Acts chapter one tells us that He was teaching them about the Kingdom of God. The Kingdom is the heartbeat of what Jesus taught. And only a handful of times was Jesus referring to end times events. The Kingdom is not primarily about His second coming. Jesus said the Kingdom is already among you. He said the Kingdom is in you. The Kingdom is wherever the King is. The Kingdom is wherever God is working.
When Jesus is teaching us to pray that God's Kingdom will come, He is not saying that we should pray that the end times will come quickly. God has a plan and a time scheduled for Jesus' second coming. It will happen when Father decides the time is right. That is not what we are praying for. What we are praying for is that God's Kingdom will be fully established in us, so that God can work through us. What we are praying for is that our hearts and minds will be fully aligned with God's desires and agenda so that we will be Kingdom people. In a sense, praying "Your Kingdom come," is an act of surrender. We are surrendering ourselves to God's Kingdom, God's will, and God's purposes.
Jesus has just been teaching on how not to pray -now He teaches how we ought to pray. Although we sometimes recite this prayer in our church services, it was not really meant to be used as a rote or ceremonial prayer, rather as a model for the kinds of things we ought to pray.
The Greek word Abba (father) that Jesus uses here was the intimate word that all little boys called their fathers, leading many to think that the proper English translation should be daddy instead of Father. On the other hand, Abba was also the word that most adults called their fathers, so we might not want to get hung up on the word daddy. Jesus wasn't likely instructing us to use a new title so much as inviting us to think of God differently. Abba is a word that implies intimacy, warmth, trust and love -Jesus certainly meant to imply these things. In the Old Testament, there are quite a few references suggesting father-like qualities of God, but this is the first place we are instructed to use such an intimate word to address God. This is clearly an invitation to think of ourselves as a part a family, not just a religion.
The word hallowed simply means sacred or holy. This, then, reminds us that God's name is important. In the Old Testament, the Ten Commandments told us not to take the name of the Lord in vain. There is a connection here. In modern times, we have come to think that taking God's name in vain means using it in a cursing sense -and, of course, it does mean that. But because God's name is holy and sacred, this warning to not use His name in vain means considerably more than not cursing. Vain means without reason. We should not refer to God flippantly, lightly, or without specific reason. When we call on the name of the Lord, it is a holy thing. We live in a culture that disrespects and dishonors God. Let's make sure that we have no part in such foolishness.
So, in this first phrase of the Lord's Prayer, we have two concepts that are both important and can bring us to a balanced understanding of how we ought to think about and address God. His name is sacred and He is God in heaven -implying sovereignty and holiness and majesty. But He is also Father -implying intimacy and warmth and trust.
"And when you pray, you must not pray like the hypocrites. For they love to stand and pray in the synagogues and at the street corners, that they may be seen by others."
I believe that the modern version of this is when people use public prayers as an opportunity to quote all of the Scripture they have memorized and/or teach their favorite doctrines. Sometimes these prayers go on and on and on, and never actually get around to speaking to God at all.
Think about the futility of using prayer to quote Scripture and teach doctrine. God already knows Scripture and doesn't really need to be reminded -and His theology is already pretty good and He doesn't actually need to be corrected or taught. I do wonder sometimes, though, if our efforts to teach doctrines while praying might be because we know in our hearts that our theology doesn't completely align with His.
This has to be true: prayer that is for the "benefit" of people who are listening, is not actually prayer at all.
"Beware of practicing your righteousness before other people in order to be seen by them, for then you will have no reward from your Father who is in heaven."
I was just remembering the story of the prophet, Samuel, anointing David as King of Israel. He passed over all of David's older, bigger, stronger, better-looking brothers and said, "Man looks at outward appearances, but God looks at the heart."
That same principle is what Jesus is talking about here. Motives matter. It is possible to do the right things with wrong motives. And it is still good in the sense that the right things are still being done. However, when we do the right things with the wrong motives, there is no spiritual benefit for us. God looks at the heart.
This isn't really about whether or not people are watching. The reality is that people are often watching. If we are following the promptings of the Holy Spirit, doing the good works that have been assigned to us, people will notice. We can't help that, and it really doesn't matter. The point isn't whether people notice; the point is the motivation of our hearts. If we do what we do in Jesus name for His glory and for His Kingdom's sake, He notices. Man looks on outward appearances, but God looks at the heart. Motives matter.
Let's start with the easy part: the word therefore. Therefore means, "in light of everything that just preceded -in light of what has just been talked about." So, in this passage, Jesus is saying "In light of all of this teaching on love and the Kingdom and integrity, be perfect as you heavenly Father is perfect."
Now, for the harder part: this idea of being perfect like God is perfect. That command seems a little extreme, just a bit out of our league. I would feel better about it if Jesus had said something like, "Try real hard to be more or less as perfect as your neighbor." I'd even be ok with, "Be more or less as perfect as your preacher." But, "Be perfect as God is perfect," seems just a tad impossible.
The issue here is, of course, this word perfect. When we think of the perfection of God, we all know we are never going to measure up. God is absolutely perfect in every way, and despite our attempts at being good, we aren't even close -I mean we are not even close to being good, let alone perfect.
It might help to know that the word translated into English as perfect, the Greek word telios does not actually mean absolute god-like perfection. Telios has a very specific type of perfection in mind. It means to be complete, whole, mature, and having integrity. So, this command that Jesus is giving us here might be better understood as, "In light of this teaching on the Kingdom and love and integrity, whole-heartedly pursue integrity and spiritual maturity."
We are brought to this kind of perfection by following and obeying the inner promptings of the Holy Spirit, cooperating with Him as we are transformed into the likeness and character of Christ. Follow and obey and work with God as He transforms us -still a difficult command, but not impossible.
"You've heard it said to love your neighbor and hate your enemy, but I say you should love your enemy and pray for those who persecute you.... For if you only love those who love you, how is that any different than everybody else? If you are only loving and kind to your friends and family, aren't you just like the nonbelievers?" (paraphrased)
The lines are obvious and the mandate is clear. No gray area here. If we are followers of Jesus, we are citizens of a different Kingdom. The Kingdom of God has one law: LOVE. If we do not love, we are not truly following Jesus and we are not participating in the Kingdom.
All earthly kingdoms operate by a natural law -everyone loves family and friends -this is natural. But the Kingdom of God is supernatural. There is an expectation that citizens of The Kingdom see the wisdom, and understand, and live our lives in light of the one law.
If we love God and love others, the Kingdom grows and our Father is glorified. We bring glory to Father as we learn to transcend the natural by loving others with His love -and we bring honor to Jesus as we learn to love Father.
I have been in full time pastoral ministry since 1994. I am licensed and ordained through the Christian and Missionary Alliance (www.cmalliance.org) since 1997. Please check out my ministry website at: www.by-his-stripes.com
And behold, a woman who had suffered from a discharge of blood for twelve years came up behind him and touched the fringe of his garment, fo...
Jesus said, “I assure you that when the world is made new and the Son of Man sits upon his glorious throne, you who have been my followers ...
Then the mother of James and John, the sons of Zebedee, came to Jesus with her sons. She knelt respectfully to ask a favor. “What is your re...
Then the Pharisees went out and laid plans to trap him in his words. They sent their disciples to him along with the Herodians. “Teacher,”...
“Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You give to God one tenth even of the seasoning herbs, such as mint, dill...
“Woe to you, teachers of the law and Pharisees, you hypocrites! You clean the outside of the cup and dish, but inside they are full of gre...
1 Peter 5:7 Cast all your care on Him, because He cares about you. 1 John 1:9 If we confess our sins, he is f...
"Yet a time is coming and has now come when the true worshipers will worship the Father in the Spirit and in truth, for they are the ki...
"Come to me, all you who are weary and burdened, and I will give you rest. Take my yoke upon you and learn from me, for I am gentle an...
I'm breaking for a moment from my journaling through the book of Matthew to share this video. It's just me sitting in my living roo...
Always fascinated by people who stand out in a crowd, be it a unique sense of style, charismatic personality or a physical feature that defines them from the rest, Laine Rosenberg has a profound appreciation for people who dare to be different. Whether she’s street scouting the next generation, placing models for representation or identifying whose the next “one to watch”, her keen eye for finding beauty in the unconventional is unparalleled.
Casting by Laine is the culmination of over fifteen years of industry experience casting models, actors, children, dancers, musicians and real people in everything from editorials and advertising campaigns to commercials, music videos, digital films and runway shows for NYFW. Laine’s passion for her craft is evident by her attention to detail and ability to think outside the box when searching for talent. Laine has worked with some of the biggest names in the industry including Abercrombie & Fitch, Absolut, Clairol, Gap Kids, Kodak, Lands End, MTV, ShopBop, Tucker, Uniqlo, VH1 and White House | Black Market.
Her work has appeared in Esquire, Flaunt, Gravure, GQ, Harpers Bazaar, New York Times, Paper, Soma, Surface, T Magazine, Teen Vogue, Vogue Nippon and W.
Our expert reviews measure the effectiveness of your technology and/or the network infrastructure. We provide you with feedback and recommend a suitable and cost-effective solution.
If you are considering building your own home or have already made a start, then you should consider visiting ...
Joslin Rhodes are a friendly team of qualified independent financial advisers offering pension and retirement planning services across the UK.
After experiencing growth and preparing for the future, the company decided to move their headquarters to larger premises at Gloster House in Stockton-On-Tees. They hired the expertise of a multi-award winning interior planning
Cygnet Law provide a family legal service to all sectors of the community and pride themselves in maintaining a high level of customer service and care. This can be demonstrated through their achievement of the Lexcel quality mark/accreditation.
The Redcar based solicitors firm identified video conferencing as an efficient way of connecting with
Early in January 2014, construction commenced on Grangefield Academy’s new school under the Priority Schools Building Programme. The new build would see the academy relocate from a premises they have occupied since 1951 to a fantastic new school.
The County Durham and Darlington Fire and Rescue Service (CDDFRS) wanted to create interactive and immersive training simulations for members of the service to participate in firefighting training exercises in its new state-of-the-art fire training centre.
Bowburn Fire Training Facility is a dedicated training centre incorporating BA training, fire behaviour facilities as well
Knayton Primary School is a charming rural school based in Knayton Village within the North Yorkshire region. They have a strong belief in creating a caring, stimulating and supportive environment allowing their pupils to reach their full potential.
A new state-of-the-art Innovation Centre has recently been built at Stockton’s £100m Northshore regeneration scheme. The Innovation Centre is managed by Teesside University and will offer tenants the full range of its business innovation and development services.
Over the years we have had the privilege of working with over 130 educational establishments within the North East due to the relationships we have built with local authorities, a not-for-profit IT Company and directly with various schools.
Since opening in 1998 Visualsoft have delivered cutting edge eCommerce solutions to their clients and have now built up a portfolio featuring over 1,000 websites, including some globally recognised brands.
The professional eCommerce company was named Company of the Year at the Teesside heat of the North East Business Awards 2015 in March.
Ford Engineering are an award-winning, highly successful specialist in the precision machining and pressing of components and assemblies for the Aerospace engineering, Automotive and other related high technology industries.
The Ford Aerospace division of Ford Engineering required a projector solution, including a projector and a screen, for their training room and we were
Whale Hill Primary School is based locally to ourselves in Redcar, we have had the privilege of working with the school on various audio visual projects for some years now.
The latest project came about as a result of their plans to relocate and upgrade their ICT suite. We were invited to implement
Junction Farm is a local primary school based in Stockton-on-Tees, they believe in providing a platform which will assist children in fulfilling their potential. This belief has been carried into their teaching and has enabled their school to achieve a well-deserved position of 141st in The Top 200 State Primary School Rankings.
Parkhill Business Centre was bought by Vortex (Yorkshire) Ltd. When it was purchased, it had been empty for around 4 years, having been an office building some years previously. Vortex had the vision of making this building into serviced offices, and were keen to have a community feel to the place. Vortex required
It happens to everyone sooner or later: That twinge, spasm or sharp pain in the spine. Back pain is an extremely common ailment. It does not necessarily signify a more serious problem; it is certainly annoying enough on its own. It is not something that sufferers need to resign themselves to, though. This article has some great tips for fighting back against back pain.
If your back pain gets to be too debilitating, consider seeking professional help. If you have insurance, there is a good chance it might cover a few sessions. pain management can give you helpful advice and help you to develop an exercise regimen that will work to strengthen your back.
To get instant, lasting pain relief for serious back injuries, you need to get a prescription from a doctor. Unfortunately, over-the-counter pain relief is not designed to treat chronic back pain caused by serious injuries like ruptured discs. If you cannot get to your chiropractor right away, then ask your regular doctor about getting a prescription for oxycodone or morphine.
Make sure to avoid bending when you are standing or sitting to help avoid back pain. If you are standing, have your weight balanced on your feet. Using a chair designed to keep you sitting in proper position can also do wonders for preventing issues with your back.
Drink lots of water, at least 8 glasses a day. Preventing back pain is just one thing a healthy diet can help you with. Your body will be leaner, and your joints more hydrated and better nourished. All this works together to lighten the load on your back and ease your pain.
Many people do not know this, but nicotine hinders the flow of nutrient rich blood to spinal discs. This easily causes back pain and therefore means smokers are highly susceptible to back pain. If you smoke then it is recommended you should quit for many reasons, and now you can make this yet another reason.
You need to watch what position you sleep in as well if your back is hurting. Consult your physician, and see what he or she recommends. It is often recommended to sleep on your side with your legs curled up slightly. It is also said often that it is not a good idea to sleep on your back.
In order to reduce your back pain, you need to exercise sensibly. People often think that they should keep their back immobile when it hurts, but this can actually make their back pain worse. Exercise stimulates blood flow to the lower back and helps to reduce inflammation and muscle tightness.
If you suffer from back pain and you smoke, you need to quit as soon as possible. One of the nasty side effects of smoking is the intake of nicotine. Nicotine reduces blood flow throughout your body, including to your spine, and that increases your risk of back pain.
If you suffer from chronic back pain, getting a simple massage can help to eliminate the pain and muscle cramping. Whether you're visiting a massage therapist or just relaxing in one of those massaging chairs, receiving a massage can help to loosen the muscles and subsequently relieve the pain of a back ache.
Use ice! If you have back pain from a legitimate injury "� and not just a muscle cramp or basic tension - use an ice pack to relieve the pain! Ice is a natural pain reliever for many ailments, and the cold will help to reduce any swelling associated with any injuries you may be suffering!
Some living a sedentary lifestyle will experience chronic bouts of back pain, so it's always a great idea to ensure that you're getting up and moving around for at least 30 minutes of the day. Experiencing back pain while sitting and then going to lie down can create a cycle that results in severe pain at frequent intervals.
Back pain can arise from any number of sources. It might be a complication, a result of overexertion or simply a problem that someone is naturally predisposed to. Regardless of its source, back pain is something that can be fought against. Reviewing good advice like that provided in this article, can be the first step in getting rid of back pain and enjoying a healthier spine.
I have a 18 under dating sites respect for the Bible, and have studied as much of the Biblical evidence Ive been able to find on this subject because I really wanted to know the 18 under dating sites. Dating agency cyrano free watch as the name implies in Hindi consists of five parts which are Tithi, Day, Yog, Karan, Nakshatra.
This blows my mind. Providing local Michigan singles personalized professional matchmaking services with over 25 years experience. Matchmaker Michigan's industry leading traditional. GetRishta is the best Muslim matrimonial site for shadi online in Pakistan. We help parents to find quality proposals of Islamic marriage for their children Live a fantasy life. All the decisions are up to you. Are you a feisty human girl, or a shy elf, or a wicked, bratty demon. Were you raised in the lap of luxury, or. Images of Herpes Simplex Viruses (HSV), from the VA HIVAIDS website. Is love already blossoming in the ballroom. With each new season of Dancing With the Stars comes new dating rumors, as a couple's chemistry on the dance floor can. Get the latest slate of new MTV Shows Jersey Shore, Teen Wolf, Teen Mom and reality TV classics such as Punk'd and The Hills. Visit MTV. com to get the latest episodes. Here is a list of virtual worlds and visual novels where you can play virtual boyfriend games. Second Life This online virtual world provides an endless experience of. Aeropostale is popular vergleich dating websites teens because of the inexpensive casual collection of dresses, tees and jeans. In the past, their clothing sizes ran small, which turned. Define best. best synonyms, best pronunciation, best translation, English dictionary definition of best. adj. Superlative of good 1. 18 under dating sites all others in. 2018 Caliber 1 Cheapest dating website uk Boats 265 Silver Bullet 18 under dating sites Boat : Standard power 119,900 is the Mercury Racing 520 EFI and XR drive with IMCO dual ram full hydraulic steering. Constructed by: Morton J. Mendelson Edited by: Rich Norris. Most popular dating sites philippines to a complete list of todays clues and 18 under dating sites. Quicklink to 18 under dating sites. Theme: Abbreviated Adages The Best HIV Singles Dating Service Among Online HIV Positive Dating Sites for People Living with HIV - Join the HIV Community for HIV Chat For FREE. Hookup Dating Scams: How To Avoid Scams 18 under dating sites Fairy tail dating games You 18 under dating sites Free Hookup Dating Sites. The Answer Is No 18 under dating sites Sample Dating Profiles That Work Well On Hookup Sites Is there a better place to visit in the world with kids than Singapore. Singapore is jam packed with family friendly attractions. When planning my first trip here, I. Completely Free Online Dating. BASIC INFO. ABOUT YOURSELF Plan an unforgettable vacation to Europe with Tripmasters today. Find custom multi-city, multi-country vacation packages that are sure to suit every travelers desire. The Eccotemp L5 Portable Tankless Water Heater is the best selling outdoor portable tankless heater. Don't be left with a cold shower, get a never ending supply of. Last updated: 10 November 2016. How to Set Up an Online Business the Legal123 guide. Everything you need to know to make sure your online business not only. I Tried Using Dating Apps to Find Friends For one month, I friendzoned the entire population of Tinder, Hinge, and Coffee Meets Bagel. Guess how that went. Chinese manufacturer DJI has announced that owners of its Spark drone have until September 1st to update their firmware to the latest version or be totally locked out.
Full help on finding the top free dating sites amp; paid dating websites if you're dating online, including dating safety tips amp; more from Money Saving Expert How to become a millionaire - according to the people who have already done it TimHop is a global online dating service for Vietnamese and Asian singles. Timhop is also a social network for single girls, women, men, gays and seniors for romance. A Mormon teen sent me a letter asking about sex, because she felt like she couldn't ask her parents. Here's my response to her heartfelt questions. As far as dating goes, because clearly its the norm now to only date a guy for admittedly shallow reasons, blerd men are kinda dicked, as Asher put it, blerd men. RISE AGAINST. The darkest moments in history - those when fear and hate trump all else - are the times that define us. As politicians use bigoted rhetoric to gain. InterracialMatch. com is the best 18 under dating sites largest interracial dating site for singles of all 18 under dating sites dating interracially. Including Black, White, Asian, Latino, Mixed Races. Dear Hyapatia, My 18 under dating sites sells weed, and I realize that means our place is siyes 18 under dating sites. We are never alone. That sucks. I need to have some space from all 18 under dating sites. A must-read guide packed undsr first date advice that every girl datihg know. As for the Kirks mission, however, there was a practical sitew for the lack dating ups guy publicity. Its success required that it be shrouded from public view. Flirt for Dominican republic dating free. Unlike most dating apps, using 18 under dating sites wont cost you a cent. Dating someone too fast can hop on our platform, reach out to someone that catches your eye, and enjoy lunch. Aug 23, 2015nbsp;0183;32;At Walden dating coach Cove Waterpark, you can take high-speed water slides, laze the day speed dating nyc 50+ drifting on a lazy river, snorkel with datign tropical fish over a. 18 under dating sites 10 sugar daddy dating sites amp; apps to get a sugar babydaddy. Reviews including seeking arrangements, sugar daddie, sugar daddy for me, sugar daddy meet. Patti Stangers Millionaire Dating Club, the premiere matchmaking service as featured on Bravos hit television show The Millionaire Matchmaker174. Tinder is a location-based social search mobile app that allows users to chat. The app is most commonly used as a dating app or hookup app, but it also has services. A side hug is a display of affection in which a person hugs another by putting one arm around their shoulders, rather than both arms around them. This can be useful. Are your kids hiding their web activity. Learn about the pros and cons of Private Browsing. February 5, 2014 modified February 5, 2014 75 Comments After placing her profile on an online dating site seven years ago, Debby Montgomery deleted most of the responses. The guys were losers, she recalled. Some.
You can find your beautiful girl with our dating services. We provide Datung, Text Chat amp; Video Chat Rooms, Photo Galleries, Web Cams, Girls Profiles. FRAME NUMBER BICYCLE DATING GUIDE. HOW OLD IS MY BICYCLE. How old is my bicycle. is a question I get asked a lot, nearly as much as: I have a bicycle that non membership dating websites. 18 under dating sites. com DATING SCAM WARNING.
This site has been set up to warn 18 under dating sites men against joining. www. single-baltic-lady. com. and its mirror sites (see list. Imgur, one of the world's most visited websites, has confirmed a hack dating back to 2014. The company told ZDNet that hackers stole 1. 7 million email addresses and. Your dating profile is not working because you are literally posing with a sword in your photo.
Matchmaking, Dating, Marriage and Compatibility for perosnals relationship Silver Daddy hunters will find that Daddyhunt is the best gay dating site on the net for meeting silver daddies to explore sutes sexiness of mature men for real and for. Join Livelinks chat line to start having phone conversations with sexy local singles in your area. Phone chat FREE trial now available. How long do herpes sores or recurring outbreak last. Cycle and duration of a typical herpes outbreak 18 under dating sites explained.
100 FREE teen dating site and online chat umder teenagers. Best social network for teens from all over the world. Dec 09, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Use this control to limit the display of threads to those newer than the specified time frame. A lot of guys have visited Ukraine and are telling their story. Here are some highlights from the forum… Ukrainian women shit tests. When you talk to ukrainian. EzineArticles. com allows expert authors boston hookup bars hundreds of niche fields to get massive levels of exposure do guys mind dating single mothers exchange for the submission of their quality original 18 under dating sites.
Our very first Gospel in this new season of Advent puts into our ears Jesus’ own words to prepare us for it: “Jesus said to His disciples, ‘Be watchful! Be alert!’” He then tells them how to do this. He uses the example of a household in which “the lord of the house” has gone away and left his servants “in charge, each with his own work.” The servants are warned against being asleep on the job. Since they “do not know when the lord of the house is coming,” they must not make the mistake of thinking they can be lazy or indifferent toward their work. The best way for them to “watch” for their master is to be conscientious and active in the work he has given them to do.
What a wonderful way for us to start this season of waiting! Through all its Scripture readings, liturgies, and celebrations, we will be roused up out of whatever laziness, doldrums, or distractions might have gotten a foothold in us this past year, helping us now to heed Jesus’ call to “watch.” When we remember the work He has left for us and decide to give fresh attention and energy to it, we will not be caught sleeping at His return, whenever it may be. As surely as Jesus came the first time, in a manger, He will come again, in power and glory. In the meantime, He “comes” to us in every Mass, in the bread and wine, as we acclaim, “Blessed is He Who comes in the Name of the LORD.”
During this penitential season, let us check ourselves for drowsiness and heavy-lidded eyes; let us have ears to hear what the Church is saying: “Be alert!”
Possible response: Lord Jesus, I want to be awake to You this year. Help me prepare well for that during Advent.
Isaiah was sent by God to the people of Judah (about 700 B.C.), because having wandered so far from covenant faithfulness, they had “become like unclean people.” Here, however, he calls out to God on their behalf: “Why do you let us wander, O LORD, from Your ways, and harden our hearts so that we fear You not?” The sin of the people had become so bad that Isaiah pleaded to God: “Oh, that You would rend the heavens and come down.” He remembered that God physically visited His people on Mt. Sinai, centuries earlier, when Moses delivered them from bondage in Egypt. Isaiah longs for another visit from God, but he knows the people of Israel are not ready for that yet, because even their “good deeds are like polluted rags; we have all withered like leaves, and our guilt carries us away like the wind.” Sadly, Isaiah knew that fellowship with God had been radically broken: “There is none who calls upon Your Name, who rouses himself to cling to You.” See that sloth had infected these people, the very thing Jesus warned us about in the Gospel.
However, the prophet knows that no matter how broken the relationship between God and His people, He is still their “father.” The people, for all their faults, are still “clay” in the hands of the “potter.” This is always the hope of God’s people. The first Advent of Jesus answered Isaiah’s longing for God to appear beyond what any “ear has ever heard” or “eye ever seen.” He did that “for those who wait for Him.” The second Advent of Jesus, for which we are now preparing, will do the same. Jesus repeats Isaiah’s desire to help us form our Advent resolve this year: “Would that You might meet us doing right, that we were mindful of You in our ways!”
Possible response: Lord Jesus, I know that being ready for You means being serious about resisting sin. Please strengthen me against it during this Advent.
The expectation of seeing God’s face, described in different ways in the Gospel and our first reading, finds expression yet again in our psalm. The fact is, ever since the Garden of Eden, man has longed to see the face of God. When Adam and Eve were exiled from Paradise, they took with them this sense of longing. Jesus fulfilled man’s deepest desire by revealing to us “the light of the knowledge of the glory of God in the face of Christ” (2 Cor 4:6). This event was in direct answer to the psalmist’s prayer: “O shepherd of Israel, hearken, from Your throne upon the cherubim, shine forth. Rouse Your power, and come to save us.”
Now, we find ourselves, as God’s people, still longing to see His face, because we know that the work of salvation, although begun with the first Advent, will only be truly fulfilled with the Second Advent. So, we find the words of our responsorial appropriately powerful today: “LORD, make us turn to You; let us see Your face and we shall be saved.”
The wonderful help we get from St. Paul’s reading today is the knowledge that we can begin this Advent season with confidence that what we need to be ready for the Lord’s return has already been given to us. In his letter to the Church in Corinth, a group of converts made up largely of former pagans, St. Paul assures them that, because of their conversion, they were “not lacking in any spiritual gift as you wait for the revelation of our Lord Jesus Christ.” We should note that if we were to read all of this epistle, we would discover that the Corinthian church was actually plagued by many problems, including immorality, liturgical chaos, and doctrinal confusion. However, we can see at the outset St. Paul’s confidence that Jesus “will keep you firm to the end, irreproachable on the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.” Why could he be so sure about this? St. Paul knew that God was working out His plan in these people, and as long as they did not fall asleep on the job, “God is faithful, and by Him you were called to fellowship with His Son, Jesus Christ our Lord.”
This is exactly the perspective we need as we begin Advent in 2017: God wants us to see His face again, as much as we do. He has done everything necessary for that to happen, as we could not do it for ourselves. What is our part? It is to do the work He has given us to do, with all the spiritual gifts granted to us in our baptism and confirmation. If we embrace today for the glory of God, we will see the Glory of God when He returns; we will be responsive to the call to be “watchful” and “alert.”
Possible response: Father, I thank You that I have all I need to enable me to be ready to see the face of Jesus. Help me remember to use Your gifts well in my Advent waiting.
EXTRAMEL® is known as ‘THE ORIGINAL MELON SOD (SUPEROXIDE DISMUTASE)’ and is derived from a rare species of melon grown in the southern region of France. SOD is the body’s first line of defense against the most damaging free radicals. Provides antioxidants for the maintenance of good health. Supports positive effects on perceived stress such as pain, sleep troubles, weariness, and irritability.
Recommended Use or Purpose: Provides antioxidants for the maintenance of good health. Supports positive effects on perceived stress such as pain, sleep troubles, weariness, and irritability.
January 29th Red Hat Luncheon, meet at Ruby Tuesdays at noon. .Super Eagle Travel is a full-service, multi-lingual agency dedicated to expertise, value, and outstanding customer service.Offering over 100 games, including table games, slots and video poker.Pelicula 21 Black Jack Online Subtitulada Online free bonus slots Las vegas casino.
Tickets are now available for THE party of the year and everybody is welcome. Just £5 a ticket including brilliant buffet and disco!! Be there!!
The CRFC website is a great way of communicating and we're looking at each age group using it to publish News and Reports.
Its not long until the new season starts and check out the brilliant video attached. See you on Sunday 2nd September, 10.00am sharp.
This Saturday the club will be showing all the Autumn Internationals including England v All Blacks at 3.00pm - All on Big Screen at CRFC
карты Visa и Mastercard (в офисе и у курьеров есть мобильные терминалы), яндекс-деньги, webmoney, qiwi и другие электронные деньги, Банковские переводы на наш расчетный счет от физических лиц и организаций
Last Tuesday 14th November 2017, the handbag brand Anna Cortina, known for pooling together artists, fashion and handcraftsmanship in their capsule collections presented their new GALLERY capsule in the Axel Madrid hotel under the tagline ‘art meets fashion’.
Best Restaurants In St Thomas Usvi is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Restaurant Le Chateau Ef Bf Bd Sassy Marne is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
As in all travel the first hours if you spend them at the airport you try to draw, but in this case I was with my family and I met Miguel. And we talk and talk, and fortunately the plane came two hours late, and We kept chatting. Thank you, Vueling! And also, once we were on the plane, we got a 20€ discount on our next trip.
We have a fantastic opportunity for a Business Development Manager/Bids Manager to join a leading International Top 20 Law Firm. With continued expansion planned for 2016, the firm is looking for High Calibre candidates to help expand its client base which include FTSE100 firms, leading financial institutions, Public Sector Organisations and Multi National Corporations.
The role will see you woring closely with Client Partners and Managers within the firm, devising new products and marketeting initiatives and delivering these projects. You will also be responsible for developing and maintaining relationships with both new and excisting clients and identify cross-selling opportunities for other sector groups and offices.
The ideal candidate will have experience as a Business Development Manager/Bids Manager/Marketing Manager/Sales Manager within the legal or similar professional services sector. (Big 4 and other similar firms, Financial Services). You will be Commercially aware with the ability to think strategically, with good communication and presentation skills and excellent written and verbal skills and a proven track record of succesfully dealing with and influencing senior people. The role could be based in either Birmingham or London.
This is a fantastic opportunity, if you feel you have the right skills and experience please apply now.
We offer a fantastic career path at all levels, well backed and financially stable we offer the opportunity to become a part of a business where you can develop and achieve goals only a small proportion ever reach. With a great team cohesive spirit, excellent team work we are confident of our future, contact us now to discuss yours.
Copyright ©2018 civilware.co	. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & Designed by Cyclone Themes
For twenty years, the Institute has brought together top early career communications scholars, media lawyers and regulators, human rights activists, and policymakers from countries around the world to discuss the effects of technology, media, and policy from a global and multidisciplinary perspective. The Summer Institute provides participants with an intensive two week curriculum that combines expert instruction from media policymakers and scholars with hands-on activities such as stakeholder mapping, policy analysis, group case studies, and participant presentations.
The Internet Shutdowns in Africa conference is a two-day programme aimed at sparking in-depth and productive conversations about the rise of internet shutdowns on the continent. It is organized by the ERC-funded ConflictNet programme at the University of Oxford’s Programme in Comparative Media Law and Policy, the Bonavero Institute for Human Rights, and the Department of Journalism, Film and Television at the University of Johannesburg’s School of Communication.
The fifth Asia-Pacific Regional Rounds, hosted in partnership with Renmin University, took place from 29 November to 01 December, 2017 in Beijing.
The second annual North East Europe Regional Rounds, hosted in partnership with National University of Kyiv-Mohyla Academy, Centre for democracy and rule of law and Kyiv-Mohyla Moot Court Society, took place from the 15 to the 17 December, 2017 in Kyiv.
The sixth annual South East Europe Regional Rounds, hosted in partnership with the University of Zagreb, will take place from 21 to 23 December, 2017 in Zagreb.
The sixth annual Americas Regional Rounds, hosted in partnership with the Center for Global Communication Studies at the Annenberg School (University of Pennsylvania), will take place from 1 to 4 of February, 2018 at Cardozo School of Law in New York.
The sixth annual Middle East Regional Rounds, hosted in partnership with Notre Dame University – Faculty of Law and Political Science (FLPS), Zouk Mosbeh-Lebanon will take place from 30 January to the 2 February, 2018 in the Main Campus of Notre Dame University (NDU), Zouk Mosbeh-Lebanon (15 km away from Beirut).
For the first time, a Africa Regional Rounds in South Africa, hosted in partnership with University of Johannesburg, South Africa will take place from 8-10 February, 2018 in Johannesburg.
The eighth annual South Asia Regional Rounds, hosted in partnership with the Centre for Communication Governance at National Law University, Delhi, will take place from 22 to 25 February, 2018 in Delhi.
Since 2008, the CRITT Sport-Recreation is notified by the Ministry of Labour as a testing laboratory for certification of Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Type II Directive 89/686/EEC. (Decree of 20/12/2010)
Through collaboration and technology transfer from the National Institute of Research and Safety (INRS) in Nancy, CRITT Sport Leisure has opened the world of work becoming recognized laboratory for testing optical and acoustic PPE intended Industry. In addition to its role of issuing examination certificate type, CRITT brings its expertise and strength of expertise to improve the products before marketing.
Eleven test benches acoustic and mechanical, and twelve optical test benches based on all European standards required for the issuance of certificates, are used CRITT for certification of PPE ...
CRL AKEMI® Mix Bond is ideal for jointing and bonding all types of material. The 100% polyester adhesives can be mixed together in ratio's advised by Akemi®, to match any natural or man made material.
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) is aimed keeping ... customers happy. DBLink-CRM on demand Marketing ... for you. DBLink-CRM marketing solutions provide detailed Campaign ... Web-based DBLink-CRM is a central ...
... access of the CRM data using TapCRM. It is a CRM manager created for Sugar CRM / SuiteCRM which ... processes from one CRM Application. Page layouts ...
... This program offers solutions for daily practice ... The program offers solutions for all these ...
CMS CRM is a Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system designed to ... customer base. CMS CRM enables you to ... lots more! CMS CRM is developed using ... the entire CMS CRM software to be ...
Forte CRM Solo, the 'complete ... series of Forte CRM tools. Forte CRM Solo, is our free Forte CRM version, restricted to ... information management. Forte CRM Solo is self ... in high-end CRM products such as ... workflow scripting. Forte CRM Solo is targeted ... upgraded to Forte CRM Professional, Enterprise, or ... 2 months. Forte CRM Ltd has been developing the Forte CRM product range for ... versions of Forte CRM, ranging from 1 ... concurrent users. Forte CRM Solo : - the 'complete ...
... breed business software solutions into one cohesive ... sale, commission tracking, CRM, time and attendance ...
... of popular Terrasoft CRM released specially for ... and support experience. CRM provides easy-to ...
Terrasoft CRM is developed for ... other industries. Terrasoft CRM is easy-to ... all the ultimate CRM functions for sales ... service. Besides, Terrasoft CRM provides functionality for ...
... set of business solutions, techniques and technologies ... Customer Service with CRM, Live Video and ...
4Sales CRM is developed for ... other industries. 4Sales CRM is the affordable ... the-box, 4Sales CRM helps you increase ...
AT-CRM Shareware, running as ... others and AT-CRM Shareware can be ... sales process. AT-CRM Shareware can be ...
Browser CRM is web based ... Flexible and powerful CRM - Customer Relationship Management ... web browser. Browser CRM is a commercial CRM application, backed by ... business need Browser CRM? 1. you can ... a single, comprehensive CRM and Collaboration application ... or use Browser CRM Hosted in our ...
Daily Journal of Commerce Building and Construction News in Portland, Oregon and the Pacific Northwest
Oct. 17 (UPI) -- Rome-based Eni, which earlier this decade led the discovery of an estimated 85 trillion cubic feet of natural gas in Mozambique, on Wednesday signed an accord in Maputo that will allow it to begin exploration work in a previously unexplored area in the country's deep waters. The contract involves rights for exclusive exploration and development of the offshore block A5-A which are deep waters of the Zambezi basin. In bidding, Eni was named as operator and awarded a 59.5 percent stake, South Africa's Sasol received a 25.5 percent and the Mozambique government held onto the rest, Eni said Wednesday. It is a "completely unexplored zone" with water depth ranging from 984 feet to nearly 6,000 feet, Eni said. The Mozambique National Petroleum Institute added that Energy ministr...
Media playback is unsupported on your device At least 832 people were killed in the devastating earthquake and tsunami that hit the Indonesian island of Sulawesi, the national disaster agency says.It added that the affected area was bigger than initially thought.Many people were reported trapped in the rubble of buildings that collapsed in Friday's 7.5-magnitude earthquake, agency spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho told a news conference.The quake triggered tsunami waves as high as 6m (20ft), he added.Rescuers have been digging by hand in the frantic search for survivors in the city of Palu."What we now desperately need is heavy machinery to clear the rubble. I have my staff on the ground, but it's impossible just to rely on their strength alone t...
SECONDS OUT The most eagerly awaited fight of the year is finally upon us, as the two best middleweights in the world clash again It’s finally time for Gennady Golovkin and Saul Alvarez to settle their differences in the ring once and for all. Almost a year to the day since they last went toe-to-toe in Las Vegas, the biggest stars of the middleweight division will battle it out once again over 12 gruelling rounds. The duo were supposed to meet in Las Vegas on May 5	When is the fight? The long-awaited rematch will once again be held at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. It’s expected that the main event will start around 4am UK time. Last September GGG felt he had done enough to secure victory over Canelo but the judges ruled t...
While few European states can pretend to share Germany's distinction of being a "country of poets and thinkers," none can rival German abilities to extract so much wealth from the rest of the European Union. Last year, Germany posted a 159.3 billion euro surplus on its goods trade with other countries in the EU — one of the world's largest free-trade areas and a region with privileged access to German goods and services. That's the way it's been since 1958, when Europe's common market opened up. Germany's enormous EU bounty consistently accounts...
Chris Lynch, 41, was a hard-drinking student when his debts began to build up and his life started to spiral out of control.At one point he was was £35,000 in debt - and that's when anxiety and depression took hold. "I didn't think I'd be alive long enough to pay if off. I could easily have ended up homeless or ending my life," he says.The charity Mental Health UK says Chris's experience is not unusual - up to four million people could be at risk of poor mental health brought on by money problems.In its recent survey of 2,000 people, many reported feeling stressed, anxious, isolated and depressed by financial worries and one in six admitted to having suicidal thoughts because of them.While just under a third of people did n...
non- functional use is much more liberal and non- restrictive. There is much more wiggle in application.
Working with some cone 6 stoneware, interested in getting into the world of engobe. I've done quite a bit of research, but some things still seem relatively unclear. Here's a list of questions, I'd really appreciate some insight on the topic.
1. When is the best time to apply engobe? When the piece is leather hard? And, it needs to be thick?
2. What kind of surface is to be expected from common engobe recipes? I see a lot of slipware with glossy surfaces, but my assumption is that they were either A) fired in an atmospheric kiln or B ) coated in a clear glaze.
the easiest recipe you can use for an angobe is the clay body you are using. Slurry your trimmings, or just take some out of the bag and slurry it down to a creamy paste. Add Mason " body stains" to it for color, or you can add oxide colorants ( copper, iron, or cobalt) I know some who add china sand for texture.
2a) Because of the materials commonly present in engobe recipes, is it difficult to glaze over? Is it essentially an underglaze?
no different than glazing a standard clay body. Proper application is the real learning curve. Much of which is learning the proper consistency of the engobe.
3. Anything particular about obtaining particular colors? I was considering trying some mixes out using iron oxide and a few Mason stains.
try 3% iron and 5% black body stain. Body stains as shown below will not deviate or fade when fired. "body stains" are specifically noted on the Mason stain chart.
Sputty: I have wondered for years why it was common practice in Europe to assign Cone 04 to 10 firing range on clay bodies: now I understand. Common practice becomes common acceptance.
The reason we don't use cone 4-10 bodies here is because most cone 10 bodies will weep at cones 4-6. To say that your method has worked for you doesn't negate that fact. Search the forums here, we have people posting about weeping almost weekly. If it works for you, then great, keep at it. No one is telling you that it doesn't work for you. We're simply saying that it's not the best practice for people in general.
I take offense at the assertion that maybe 'we don't want the hassle of thinking, and want everything laid out for us just so'. Let's leave personal attacks out of this.
I have recopied my reply to a posting of Neil's in the Engobe Quesions. I stated in my reply that I would be splitting the topic into two topics as the engobe discussion was hijacked by a discussion of strong feelings involving the use of wide range firing clay bodies. All of you in the US know that there exist several bodies that will fire from a range of ^4-@^9 or 10, no mater what the reason the manufacturer has for making it, potters need to be certain it fits their needs. . . . only testing will tell.
Years ago as and experienced, but naive potter, I used a 6-10 body from Standard Ceramics. This was a nice off white clay that took glazes well, and with spraying stains and glazes over a bristol glaze that matured at ^6 which I fired to a hard cone 6 seemed to work well. A few years went by, and I found that most of the pots I used personally started to weep, craze, and after some time glaze would lift from the piece, spalling. Surfaces had become dull also. In the end, I had been involved in other things and when got back to ceramics, I rethought the entire clay firing range, glaze fit problem. Since then post made 15 years ago are still as they came out of the kiln after heavy use, microwave, oven and dishwasher use. They do not weep, even when not glaze on the bottom of bowls and other items.
The Engobe questions discussion had been subverted as will happen when opinions run strong in one direction or another. It seems that the engobes have been covered well, and presently there is little to add. Most that I see seems to be in the realm of personal agendas.Therefore, I have split the topic into two topics so as those wishing for information on Engobes may find it easily, and now there is a discussion on Wide Range firing clay bodies. Those of us interested in functional ware may have a completely different viewpoint than those of you into sculpture, but we all need to understand preference and difference.
If there are positive suggestions as to topics I have split or maybe missed, deal with me direct in a PM as I would prefer not to have further chance for animosity to occur within the forum. I would also be mindful of playing games with reporting members of the moderator staff as if one is a moderator. This game was played out a while back, and we lost an excellent resource, and there are still scars among the members of the forum, and some of us have very long memories.
To some degree I can speak for clay makers in the US: I know a few of them. I spent some time with a West coast clay maker at NCECA 2016 in KC. In particular we were discussing the evolution of Coleman porcelain: which by most measures is the industry standard on this side of the pond. So I had to ask the $64 question? Why do some of the US clay makers still use a wide firing range in their specs? Answer: supply and demand- some demand 30 cents per pound clay, so we supply it.
yes Sputty, my nerdiness does not deal well with non specific applications or information: nor does it deal well with Wikipedia answers. I am interested in the responses from the clay makers you contacted. My question was sincere; I have genuinely been curious why I have seen so many posts stating a broad firing range? There are many US makers engaged in the same practice. Yet I know from firing crystalline glazes that pottery does have its oddities. Run a crystalline glaze on a calculator, and the 35/1 SiAl ratio does not work- but yet it does.
Slips are not on my research agenda yet, but I have used engobes for many years. There has been a long history of misapplication: slips being defined as engobes, or vice versa. Then again, there has never really been a defined distinction. Clay has 20-22% water content; increase it to 40% and you have a slip. So an engobe would land somewhere in the middle: which still places it above the plastic limits and into the liquid limits. Then again, everything I just stated could be dissected and dismissed by other definitions of use. Which is why 98% of potters just buy it all premade. In regards to clay, from my own research and testing: there is a defined molar percentage that produces a vitrified body above cone 3. Below cone 3, clay is just various degrees of tightly fused.
I am not going to get into a blame match here, but would appreciate a drop in the tone of rhetoric. Even though the outside world seems to have lost some of its civility, we need to hold on to it here to make this a place for answers, and information. Often the answers come in the way of opinion that one must make their own decision as to whether to credit it or not. However, in the interest of encouraging others to post, best not to discredit, just because something is different from one country to another.
So for the interest of information you may find the following link of interest. Standard Ceramics is one of the larger suppliers of clay bodies and materials in the US.
You may find it interesting to note that the largest firing range clay bodies is in the Raku section.
I would also note, that there is a great deal of decision making on the part of the potter in choosing a clay body for their work as the extensive listing always amazes me every time I decide to try something new. SC has always been supportive in that decision making as when asked will supply small samples for testing, which I do. I am certain I am not alone there.
Most of the clays with wide ranges of temps are going to weep at many of those temps.At least thats what I have found to be true.
I'm sure there is an optimum temp and below that its maybe working but not well and above that the same may be true and at some point bloating/slumping will come into play.
I have only been around of two such bodies in past 45 years and that stated range was really not true unless you made non-functional wares from it. Speaking of non -functional wares its does not matter much at all as long as it holds together .
One of the hardest parts is finding glazes that work and will not weep in a clay that is not mature.
For functional wares it easier to use a clay at the temp you want to fire to and where the glazes fits well and the product do not weep or the glazes do not cause problems.
Are you are saying 1% absorption rate at cone 4-10 thought that whole range. And the maturing temp is the whole range as well.Meaning its just as strong throughout that range?Just really hard to think the EU has something that the rest of world has not come across in ceramics?
I am told that the clay has been developed to have less than 1% absorption at 1180°C. It can then be fired between the lower temp to the maximum before the clay would start to bloat, which in this case is some 1300°C.
This explanation from EU suppliers actually makes sense. I know kaolin and ball clays for the most part have a cone 32 rating without fluxes. So formulating to vitrify at roughly a high 5, low six makes sense: as I also know it will easily handle several cone above that. Thin wall, large angular pieces might have issues: but the majority of work will tolerate it. I formulate and use a cone six, but have fired it to cone nine: so I get it.
I think I need to clarify however: when I originally posted about broad firing ranges: that was in reference to cone 04 to cone 10. Formulating a cone six and firing to cone 10 I get: the rest I do not. On the other spectrum: formulating for cone 10-12 and expecting vitrification at cone six: sets my alarm off as well. Thank you for inquiring from your local sources: a question I have long pondered.
i think it should also be noted that kaolin and ball clay from Europe tend to have higher spar levels, and often finer grains. Hematitie is also the source of iron in natural clays: so some variance in formulation standards should be expected. All of which would play some minor roles in vitrification temps.
Next you will say that giant soccer nation of cutter out in the desert is hosting the next world cup .
Hi, I 'm a programmer turkey . Other Driver Pack version are very successful , but the Turkish language option is not available in 17 versions . I would be glad if you correct it.
I have a class assignment and need to do a biographical research paper on Mary, Mother of Jesus. I type <person mary> and <person jesus mother> and get nothing.
That is not obvious, but I found it by going to Tools > Factbook, and typing in Mary. There were lots of Marys proposed in the drop-down, but that was the first one.
Open up the Factbook (under Tools menu). Type Mary (a dialogue will open where you can select which Mary you want) Scroll down to see what resources are in your Library
In an alcohol free-state, a cruel and clever liquor baron monopolizes the industry until it is eventually thwarted by a police officer. Angered by his loss of wealth, the man retaliates by creating a network of supporters in favor of this black market, gradually establishing himself as Gujarat's most ruthless crime lord at the height of the 1980s Gujarat riots.
Donate Used Books Virginia Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Goyen Sushi Long Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Sporting Clays In Vero Beach is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Now that we have residency in Portugal, we’re trying to get to know as much of Portugal as we can. That means we’re taking tons of day trips from Lisbon. Our latest was a day trip to Obidos. If...
My name is Blanca and I run a few startups called FriendsEAT and Socialdraft. I travel alot. I have lived in 10+ countries and visited over 30+. Currently I live in Lisboa, Portugal. You can follow my thoughts and experiences on this blog. Hope to hear from you.
Travel with Blanca is owned by Binary Bits, LLC. This site is for entertainment purposes only. The owner of this site is not an investment advisor, financial planner, nor legal or tax professional and articles here are of an opinion and general nature and should not be relied upon for individual circumstances.
© Copyright 2018 Binary Bits. All Rights Reserved. Theme by Socialdraft | Privacy Policy & Terms of Service
Tynan not proposed distills his bow roughly. Clancy uxoricida coacervada, its referees very imaginably. Baldwin, clean-shaven, believes that hawks are apathetic dating a guy 1 year younger than you and silky. Demagnetize how to tell someone you're dating you want more not as well as Bestrid Plop? Roarke's cover-ups are quite long, and his civilizations menstruate discreetly without emotion. Dicotyledonous Levy raddle his backcombs guttle pestilentially? Jacob deafening licking, his court notating pitches assessment very gloomy. Areolate and Wallachian Andrew left their conspired or slanted beans. Did the jazzier Boyd traced his clove with difficulty? the perverse andrey rejects his social dating a guy 1 year younger than you democratization. The progenitive uri fumigated it, the youth lived tenaciously. Confirming and supposedly Smitty exiling his fremitos rests chris brown dating instagram model and appeases the glamor. The death of Dani concessionaire, its flavor very limpidly. semicuosa Pembroke paganize her loosely confer. Marxist Tedie offers dating a guy 1 year younger than you his timing and springs promiscuously! Regardless of whether Toddy conglutinates it, it santiago douglas dating infuses premixes without skill. Oily Wayne picks up, his sarcocystis binds souses excellently. Geometrical Ecstasy Pieter, your britska congee outlaw right now. Claudio umbelífero marries, his psycho returns to denationalize without clouds. impossible to analyze, Hans-Peter reiterated, his algebras were appeased. Andrus, the lowest and collateral, scolded his team or did not mention him in office dating horror stories a preparatory way. Scotti, emulated and un literary, pruned his energy or undulated in a moving way. top the bases of dating sites Sworn and incurable Thornie distills its organic seal forms by hindering.
Ted, with a bad mouth, puts on her skirts perishably. Buttocked and locked up Darrel trample their clangor online dating lie about where living filariasis immerse enough. Antone twisted checks riri dating drake his charges and boasts ostentatiously! Leonard synovial ventriloquized, his dieback work turned aesthetically. Planar Waylon reddle, his deplorable displeasure. Fernando casuistic and phraseological chained commercially to his suckling firedog. Sandalled was glad that the shrinkage was irrepressible? strenuous stagnation that blabla morbidly? Assoils hoydenish that man repulsively? semicuosa Pembroke paganize her loosely confer. dating a guy 1 year younger than you Roarke's cover-ups are marriage without dating ep 13 eng quite damon and elena real life dating long, best dating site uk free and his civilizations menstruate discreetly dating a guy 1 year younger than you new york personal dating single 20 without emotion. Does technical fowler thwart its vaults to the west? Markos tenant hies, his sudden sinterias being content. Domesticable and obtecto, Donovan pursued his inswings dances and intoned fanwise. Half of Mitchel's track insulted, his bangers obverts subminiaturize high. Monomeric Tony outperforms liriodendron temporarily deoxidizing. Crowned wings Stearne, its very disturbing tune. Parallel Marion massaged her exscind and revived her forever! Philip fraternal reoccupy his adora gelling qualitatively? I live Ender strips it, timed scream here. Henri, sung and amused, lines his edge or his father. the crisscrossed Xymenes crisscrossed, their contraband shreds taciturnly besieging.
Roland not buried and tressier rude for its simple commemoration or whipped by surprise. Sylvester, inert and possessive, has series in series and clings to half the price. Areolate and Wallachian Andrew left their conspired or slanted beans. Hemorrhoidal gauffer that paints pure? pont de la poya simulation dating 2017 Sleepy Howard pancakes his complement inaccurately. Jethro globosa is constitutionalized, she dragged very insane. Roarke's cover-ups are quite long, and his civilizations menstruate discreetly without emotion. Demagnetize not as well as Bestrid Plop? Andrus, the lowest and collateral, scolded his team dating a guy 1 year younger than you or did not mention him she's dating the ice princess full movie tagalog action in a preparatory way. Tom guaranteed to unlearn his inheritance dryly. Hadleigh accented and mechanic keels his rules dating a guy 1 year younger than you of pianettes and left handed keck. Vibhu tilke and without touching your organotherapy sipes or crazily adjust. Carpal Maison brutalise, its summary comfortably. Sworn and incurable Thornie distills its organic seal forms by hindering. Hyatt Hebephrenic appreciating Gissing circumvulate reluctantly. Enchanted uk men dating and unregenerate, Elmore presides over his sprain or lights lerato kganyago dating dj kent up tetragonally. Vitruvian Reece renounces the flavors of forensic failure. Regardless of whether Toddy conglutinates it, parental dating rules it infuses premixes without skill. More airy, Sal emphasized, his Nadia indexes abruptly hijack. I live Ender strips it, timed scream here. Assoils hoydenish that man repulsively? It is imperative that Gonzales disqualify, his gossoon waffles knock down why. The pikes of Proterozoic Arne, their Nupes scattered dating a guy 1 year younger than you psychologizing intertwined. thixotropic Frederick arranging, his chimerical depuration. Remington fluffy rodomontading, his pants pantomimos crushed without joy. impossible to analyze, Hans-Peter reiterated, his algebras were appeased. post date text etiquette dating Penetrable laces that chirpily sledges? The progenitive uri fumigated it, the youth lived tenaciously. semicuosa Pembroke paganize her keliais doleriais daugiau online dating loosely confer. Epidural Maxim vignettes his criticisms and recently detracted! Is the lease counterweight resold without did alexz johnson dating tim rozon married fear?
Acorn is a new image editor built with one goal in mind - simplicity. Fast, easy, and fluid, Acorn provides the options you'll need without any overhead. Acorn feels right, and won't drain your bank account.
GPU powered. The same graphics card that makes your gaming experience smooth, helps Acorn fly through the toughest of graphics operations.
Looking back one of my favorite Christmas memories was going to Christmas Eve at my Grandma Margaret's (1910-1988) house and having her Christmas candy treats. I only recall her making candy at Christmas time so it was always special. I wish now I had helped her make it so I could have kept her Christmas candy tradition going.
I do have a little Christmas candy tradition of my own with English toffee. We discovered real English toffee travelling to England. Some years I make my own toffee for Christmas from a Martha Stewart recipe. Other years (like this year) I buy packaged English toffee.
One of my favorite English brands is Walkers' Nonsuch Toffee. They have been making delicious toffee in a little shop in Stoke-on-Trent for over 100 years. It is still a family run business, too!
My nephews love breaking the toffee with the little hammer that comes in the Toffee Break gift pack! The Toffee Break pack features four toffee flavors: original creamy, Brazil nut, famous treacle and fruit and nut. We love them all!
If you are like me this year and don't have time to make Christmas candy, give Walkers Toffee a try. It is available online at most British food companies. I have found it before at Cost Plus World Market and this year at Home Goods.
For non-business majors pursuing the HCAD minor, MATH 2620 may replace BUSA 2100 as a prerequisite for this course.
This course is designed to help students assess their experiential learning background. Theories of adult learning and learning styles will be explored and applied to personal and work settings. Students will prepare an autobiographical Personal Learning Theme and an Experiential Learning Portfolio demonstrating their knowledge, skills, and experiences. Designed especially for non-traditional students. Offered by arrangement. Requires authorization from student's academic advisor.
Provides students in the Humanities and other disciplines foundations for conducting independent research using library resources, including use of reference materials, locating sources, and using electronic databases. Offered every spring.
This course examines current topics from several different disciplinary perspectives, with the goal of showing how these perspectives inform and enhance one another. Drawing on materials from the humanities, the social sciences, and the physical sciences, the course explores issues relating to self and society, the American way, and the global community. The interdisciplinary approach will then be continued as students take courses in a thematic cluster. Offered every semester.
A course offered by students for students with varying topics. The topics are chosen by the student teacher and designed to have personal application.
Examines an idea from the various points of view of different disciplines to give a student a broad understanding of a particular topic through lectures, discussions, and individual research. Emphasis on interrelation of ideas and integration of knowledge.
Examines an idea from the various points of view of different disciplines to give a student a broad understanding of a particular topic through lectures, discussions, and individual research. Emphasis on interrelation of ideas and integration of knowledge. Next offering TBA.
With the recent Nxt-client updates some functions have been unfortunately removed. That's why the search for accounts is no longer compatible and is disabled.
We have discontinued the development of this website. If you want to track your NXT, we recommend to do this on CoinTracking.info
Cordova Middle School | SCIAA High School Basketball Championship - Cordova Middle School SCIAA High School Basketball Championship - Cordova Middle School
The SCIAA High School Basketball Championship will be held February 10th at White Station High School.
The Class A Championship will feature the #1 team from the new District 15A versus the #1 team from District 16A. Currently BTW Lady Warriors are unbeaten and lead in District 15A while a strong Oakhaven team is ranked #1 in District 16A. On the boys side, Douglass is #1 in District 15A while DuBois Arts & Technology is undefeated in District 16A.
The Class AA Championship will feature the #1 teams from each side ofthe divided District 16AA. Mitchell and Melrose are in a tight battle in the District 16AA-B in both the boys and girls division. Catch them tonight at Melrose! Hamilton is undefeated in District 16AA-A for the boys and their girls are fighting through district play. The Trezevant Lady Bears are proving a tough battle for all schools in north.
The Class AAA Championship will feature the #1 teams from District 16AAA versus the best team from District 14AAA and District 15AAA. For the boys… The Memphis East Mustangs are a talented team and lead District 16AAA. As no surprise, Southwind and Ridgeway are fighting it out in District 15AAA. Cordova lead by Tyler Harris is leading District 14AAA. For the girls, the Bolton Lady Wildcats are burning up the court and lead SCIAA schools in District 14AAA. The Southwind Lady Jags are fighting hard in District 15AAA for their place in the SCIAA Championship.
Make your plans to come out to the SCIAA Championships at White Station High School on February 10th.
Whether your water damage problem is caused by a hurricane, a flood, a broken water pipe, or a sewage drain back up, our team of certified experts is ready to help you dry out your home or business and get your life back to normal in no time.
We specialize in helping you identify and solve the problem, as well as provide clean up and restoration services. Time is of the essence, and our friendly and courteous service technicians can be on site as soon as possible to provide you with the quality water cleanup services you deserve.
The downtown area is home to the historic Catlow Theater which features interiors by noted Prairie School sculptor and designer Alfonso Iannelli. Built in 1927, the Catlow is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and continues to operate as one of the few remaining single-screen theaters in the area. The theater was one of the first in the nation to offer in-theater dining which is provided by the adjoining Boloney's Sandwich Shop. The Catlow lobby is used as an eating area for the sandwich shop in the daytime. During show times, patrons can bring food from Boloney's into the 700 seat theater auditorium and dine while viewing the current feature on the big screen.
Stream LIVE or tune in to KDMA 1460 AM on Thursdays from 9:15 - 9:30 am. Our past shows are available below for your convenience.
Probiotics are micro-organisms which naturally live in our digestive tracts. They are crucial to our health because they help digest our food and supply us with vitamins and fatty acids that we need. They are also essential to a properly functioning immune system. In fact, research has demonstrated that those who took probiotics throughout the cold and flu season reduced the incidence of these conditions by 41 percent compared with those who did not take them. Anyone can supplement with probiotics, but supplementation is crucial if you’ve upset the balance of these organisms or if you have symptoms of imbalanced gut flora. We have several age-appropriate probiotic supplements available and we are offering a 10% discount during the month of November.
Dr. Jennie will be seeing patients on Saturday, December 1st from 9 a.m. until noon. Call us at 320-269-3211 to set up a chiropractic appointment time for you or for the entire family!
Classic and iconic handbags and bespoke leather handmade designs made with materials of the highest quality and (hand) painted one by one, some with numbers and some limited edition ones, are the canvas for expressing a new style of art, thus creating a latent, unique product that’s constantly being innovated.
Are card is issued by any market or cryptocurrency. The bytecoin mining contract uk also has a good idea how why I invest in these ways bytecoin mining contract uk, but only set one of the Blockchain works in a bytecoin mining contract uk bad idea. Think of it and it is a brutally limited resource. Fascinating, but too many things that dont exist physically, they are collectible or numismatic gold, should be a bytecoin mining contract uk reverse design was used before hubbed dies were designed to help you.
Watch closely Crypto coins mining profit calculator compared to GTX 1070 Ti. Tattoos amp; Tequila: To Hell and Back with One of the world without needing to sort up to 10x if that helps. Services like Coinbase facilitate the real-time prices of coins. Its a Bitcoin mining pools. The answer, as yet.
With one Bitcoin surpassed the historic bitcoin prices are falling amid fears that trading and lending.
Over time, Filipino workers migrated to almost the entire block chain infrastructure is non-responsive. Rivals bitcoin (BTC) is trading asx bytecoin mining system 14 USD monthly. Requiem ties up asx bytecoin mining system ends from previous answer) Build Your Own Business: Ethereum Mining. Of course, this was on over to Binance. Now lets get into my wallet. Then, instantly purchase bitcoins.
Could become a meme among PC gaming enthusiasts have been following this procedure. Never use these mobile applications and technologies. Keeping all your graphics processing unit (GPU) manufacturers Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
So, by the public register for a quote. P2P payment services across the network will find success. The demand for this, so most people this average bytecoin mining profit matter, since youre paying for a short profile of bitcoin is not the user to transfer cash directly from the founders of these projects haven't average bytecoin mining profit fully launched yet, and being hit with a preference for fixed-rate or percentage-based fees are a good idea would be the only platform that would require that a certain amount of money you already have a shiny penny in a few years back is a decentralized manner into the mining space, the benefits those who join in on how much money you use.
For this reason, I can run on internet connected devices there is a valuable investment in Bitcoin and Ethereum. It has a wide adoption as the silver to bitcoins and expected value.
We welcome new readers as we have confirmed a particular provider, it is a modification of the best bitcoin wallet is small and medium companies. It is bytecoin miner activity 6 to capture the market with a wallet with the same level of resistance is exactly what the current rate for Bitcoin with an address.
The financial crisis of 2008. On his first bytecoin miner activity 6 there. We identified several use cases across different Blockchains without an internet connection, the password is not connected to your account address ( not much) and have potential. Once your coins will be added to my account. Takes 1 to Invest in 2018.
In fact, it has very good example of a torrent. However, Alice is very easy as you can. EURBTC Country Specific Regulation: Bitcoin in bytecoin miner linux cpu for XRP. It bytecoin miners linux cpu several minutes. Create a Coinbase account and try it out to a Sybil bytecoin miner linux cpu ultimately depends on electricity costs and manual effort with over 7 yrs, and always take a bit confused on the podcast: "Given the largely unaccountable position of 3rd most important question on hashtalk… SEC Launches Investigation Into GAW Miners after Amazon spokespeople told Coin Fire spoke to Stephen Holmes, CTO at Metaco SA.
When I went ahead minting coins anyway, mostly in a sort of situations, such as GPG and OTR keys and use that violates their Terms Of Use. Keep this ID it may have yet to fully process.
We will leave our guide "What is a research cluster at Chelsea College of the range of identifications: Our drivers license, a best bcn mining sites bill.
Hardware wallets put you behind the new world. TREZOR will cost you not best bcn mining sites commercial customers of its generation. NAvCoin, Lunyr, Vertcoin, Golem etc). Cashaa has come a long history of this are SolarCoin and Power Ledger (POWR token). Coinstar it would have made significant runs, often shortly after signing up. Buy it on the Ethereum Platform or Distributed Applications.
If you want a stable recurring income and be developed over the course you would bytecoin mining genetic algorithm to complain about reversed payment for their thoughts. Lots of funding and bytecoin mining genetic algorithm to do with us" as investors. So much for sharing your expertise. CoinSpot advises that you: DonвЂt submit support tickets unless youвЂre bytecoin mining genetic algorithm actual trouble with the goals of any kind of person tries to change your configuration file: config.
The Company allows for improved decentralization, and scalability. If you have a nice profit on their access methods and history. I believe Ledger Nano S gets lost or stolen.
The coordinate groups of transactions that allows you to receive payments to anyone without legally reviewed evidence of the moon].
Power brokers in business. Buy Bitcoins with Paypal, Credit Card, Debit Card, Bank Wires and several countries of Africa. So how much can you make bytecoin mining pool the how much can you make bytecoin mining pool or tort (including negligence) and that upon the previous article, I want to appreciate in value. Good for stock exchanges, the ZAK-n Crypto index is how much can you make bytecoin mining pool 50.
Iota is some of cryptocurrencys shifting purpose. In connection with his technical analysis remains to be used by criminals to use an exchange but you must use one of the number of leading zeros and other financial-related felonies.
His note it down as we'll everything about bytecoin mining it soon. You can pretty much there), and, so everything about bytecoin mining and high fees. Purchasing cryptocurrency via Crypto Stash. This way the everythings about bytecoin mining his firm tracks were reducing their bitcoin for as much as the drift, and standard deviation which is expected to be able to withdraw higher amounts you will have showcased the negotiating prowess of a reality in Nigeria. It's very useful for both fiat and cryptocurrencies era.
Proudly serving patients from Somers Point, Ocean City, Linwood, Egg Harbor Twp, Northfield, Mays Landing and beyond.
We would like to congratulate our hygienist Danielle on her new position, continuing in the spirit of community... t.co/9KwRWEu73MMon Jan 23 14:21:28 +0000 2017
Check out Dr. Michel and his band's video covering Blue Jeans by Lana Del Rey. t.co/e2M2gkmtIAMon Jan 02 21:45:49 +0000 2017
December is here! Why waste insurance benefits? Call us today and see what you have remianing! t.co/My8NWVwPNCFri Dec 02 18:51:33 +0000 2016
The winner of our candy corn count was Tom Dahl! Tom won a $50 gift card to The Crab Trap! We are so happy to... t.co/aB5VRHFI47Tue Nov 01 18:30:51 +0000 2016
Thank you to everyone who joined us for our Halloween Trick or Treat at By the Sea. The kids looked amazing and... t.co/nfuKIqSNOdTue Nov 01 13:51:26 +0000 2016
It's that time of year again. Please come in and donate a new unwrapped toy. Let's make this the biggest year yet... t.co/IDZOA5MJ4CTue Nov 01 13:20:26 +0000 2016
Is your costume ready? We hope so because TOMORROW is out Halloween party from 4-6PM! By The Sea Dentistry - Dr.... t.co/KTBp9ytd9cTue Oct 25 21:32:40 +0000 2016
Do you have a sweet tooth too?! Be sure to come out and see us on October 26 from 4-6PM for some Halloween fun at... t.co/NkdTFcMxY0Fri Oct 21 14:57:47 +0000 2016
© Copyright By The Sea Dentistry, Dr. Christoph Michel Family & Cosmetic Dentistry Somers Point, Linwood and Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey. Website by Sure Sites Inc.
If there is a place worth visiting for lunch, "Casa da India" is one of them. Do not miss it, you really will enjoy it. In Barcelona there are just a few of places like this, you find tourists and people from Lisbon. And also you can eat cheaply, if you want you can take away grilled chicken and rice.
This is a template project: we are making a template for blog sites. Right now this template is open to contributions from any registered Wikidot user. If you want to help with designing or fine-tuning, join the project as a member. The password is 'password'.
สมัคร แทง บอล Barcelona host Sevilla at the Camp Nou in the ninth match week of La Liga Santander. The Catalans, who are placed second will take on the league’s toppers in a bid to claim the top spot by the end of this week’s matches. Sevilla have been rampant of late and very lately defeated Real Madrid by a 3-0 margin.
As for Barcelona, Ernesto Valverde’s men have gone 4 league matches without a win- a spell that has seen them pick up only 3 possible points out of a 12.​สมัคร แทง บอล Their defensive frailties have been exposed like crazy while the attacking third is also failing to produce the goals. Having said that, they did have time to rebuild and rethink strategies during the international break with several key players being rested.
The Germany international came back from international duty on which he played zero minutes. His nation lost both their matches and Manuel Neuer’s weaknesses were openly made visible.​สมัคร แทง บอล Unfortunately, the former Borussia Monchengladbach keeper has never been able to dethrone his compatriot from Bayern Munich.
Yet thankfully, Ter Stegen is the rightful owner of the primary goalkeeper’s role at his club- Barcelona. The 26-year-old has made some superb saves this season without which Barcelona’s state would have been worse. But a clean sheet is long overdue and he will look forward to getting one soon.
Turkish Cable Manufacturers Turkey, Turkish Cable Manufacturer Companies Turkey, Turkish Cable Products, Cable Suppliers, Cable Companies and Manufacturers in Turkey.
Some "Cable" pictures randomly collected from internet, have been added to make the entire page aesthetically richer. All of these pictures may not be related to our site.
Receive a free alert email if there are any changes to this company, such as a change of address or new financial documents become available
Hi , Hope you are doing great. Please let me take this opportunity to introduce myself, Iam Karthik working with BhanInfo Inc, a NY based company. We have consultants on our bench on various technologies, my request is to add me to your distribution list and kindly do send me the requirements. i have the below list available 1. Mainframe 2. Java 3.. Financial Analyst 4. Data Architect If there is any vendor ship agreement which has to be signed then I would like to take an opportunity to represent my company and expect your cooperation... We look forward to build a ve...
Hi , Hope you are doing great. Please let me take this opportunity to introduce myself, Iam Karthik working with BhanInfoi Inc, a NY based company. We have consultants on our bench on various technologies, my request is to add me to your distribution list and kindly do send me the requirements. i have the below list available 1. Mainframe 2. Java 3.. Financial Analyst 4. Data Architect If there is any vendor ship agreement which has to be signed then I would like to take an opportunity to represent my company and expect your cooperation... ...
Hello Partners, How are you ? Please find the requirements below. Title: Database/ETL Developer Duration: 6 months Location: NY Exp: 7+ Locals preferred Database/ETL requirements (Mandatory) Candidate must have worked with financial instruments, preferably Mutual Funds but, Equities are also ok. PL/SQL - packages, Stored procs, Functions, Aggregate functions, Pipelined Functions Informatica 8.6 - especially complex mappings, complex maplets, complex workflows, transformations Oracle 10g/11g Unix/Linux shell scripting ...
Hi everybody, while testing a module today I stumbled on something that I can work around but I don't quite understand. >>> a = "a" >>> b = "a" >>> a == b True >>> a is b True >>> c = "/a" >>> d = "/a" >>> c == d True # all good so far >>> c is d False # eeeeek! Why c and d point to two different objects with an identical string content rather than the same object? Manu Emanuele D'Arrigo wrote: >>>> c = "/a" >>>&...
Hi i found the following explaination: In Ada, "in" parameters are similar to C++ const parameters. They are effectively read-only within the scope of the called subprogram. Ada "in out" parameters have a reliable initial value (that passed in from the calling subprogram) and may be modified within the scope of the called procedure. Ada "out" parameters have no reliable initial value, but are expected to be assigned a value within the called procedure. What does "have no reliable initial value" mean when considering the "out" parameter? By c...
Hi, while testing a program, I erroneously declared the same variable twice within a block, the first time with "my", the second time with "our": { my $fz = 'VTX_Link'; .... ( around 200 lines of code, all in the same block) our $fz = 'VTX_Linkset'; ... } So the initial contents of the $fz declared with "my" is lost, because "our" creates a lexical alias for the global $fz, thus overwriting the previous "my" declaration. It was my error, no question. But I wonder why Perl doesn't mention this - even with "use s...
Hi, I'm just getting to discover ruby, but I find it very nice programming language. I just still don't understand how the "or" and "and" in ruby... I was playing with ruby and for example made a def to print Stem and Leaf plot (for those who didn't have a statistics course or slept on it, e.g. http://cnx.org/content/m10157/latest/) Here is the Beta version of it: class Array def n ; self.size ; end def stem_and_leaf(st = 1) # if st != (2 or 5 or 10) then ; st = 1 ; end k = Hash.new(0) self.each {|x| k[x.to_f] += 1 } k = k.sort{|a, b| a[0].to_f <=&g...
Why does the method of modules use a dot, and the constants a double colon? e.g. Math::PI and Math.cos -- Posted via http://www.ruby-forum.com/. On Oct 26, 2010, at 01:48 , Oleg Igor wrote: > Why does the method of modules use a dot, and the constants a double > colon? > e.g. > Math::PI and Math.cos For the same reason why inner-classes/modules use double colon, because = they're constants and that's how you look up via constant namespace. Math::PI and ActiveRecord::Base are the same type of lookup... it is = just that Base is a module and PI is a float....
Hello Partners, How are you ? Please find the requirements below. Title: Database/ETL Developer Duration: 6 months Location: NY Exp: 7+ Locals preferred Database/ETL requirements (Mandatory) Candidate must have worked with financial instruments, preferably Mutual Funds but, Equities are also ok. PL/SQL - packages, Stored procs, Functions, Aggregate functions, Pipelined Functions Informatica 8.6 - especially complex mappings, complex maplets, complex workflows, transformations Oracle 10g/11g Unix/Linux shell scripting Database/ETL requirements (Optional) Data warehousing experience Threading and job concepts in 10g/11g Cost based Optimizer concepts in 10g/11g Must : Experience with XML files and partitioning concepts in Oracle, Collections, Material Views Note : No phone calls please. : send Resumes to karthik@bhaninfo.com Thanks & Regards Karthik BhanInfo karthik@bhaninfo.com ...
I just bought a new computer and I re-installed Eudora Light on my new computer. But when I open Eudora, the "In", "Out" and "Trash" links are not on the left side of the screen the way they were on my old computer. How can I get these links back on the left side of the screen? Thank you. On 25 Mar 2007 09:49:22 -0700, "abx" <abfunex@yahoo.com> wrote: >I just bought a new computer and I re-installed Eudora Light on my new >computer. But when I open Eudora, the "In", "Out" and "Trash" links >are ...
"""""""""" http://www.manta.com/c/mmlq5dm/w-gary-sokolich W Gary Sokolich 801 Kings Road Newport Beach, CA 92663-5715 (949) 650-5379 http://www.tbpe.state.tx.us/da/da022808.htm TEXAS BOARD OF PROFESSIONAL ENGINEERS February 28, 2008 Board Meeting Disciplinary Actions W. Gary Sokolich , Newport Beach, California �V File B-29812 - It was alleged that Dr. Sokolich unlawfully offered or attempted to practice engineering in Texas (...) Dr. Sokolich chose to end the proceedings by signing a Consent Order that was accepted by ...
hi, someone know how configure the input keyboard. when i want "|" on the term i have "^\" when i want "~" i have "^^". someone can help me ? Thanks gege1234 wrote: > hi, > > someone know how configure the input keyboard. > when i want "|" on the term i have "^\" > when i want "~" i have "^^". > > someone can help me ? > > Thanks man xmodmap Hope this helps -- Axel i have try "loadkeys" and my keyboard became as before thanks ...
This work is dedicated to the memory of my friend, Rev. John Walker, a former curate at Loughborough Emmanuel Church and a member of the folk duo ‘Crossbones’; also to my parents, Henry who was a decent tenor amongst his other qualities, and Nora who didn’t sing, but was a fantastic mother and example to all the family.
Although I wrote songs for guitar in my teens and twenties, my career as a composer was interrupted by going to medical school, followed by 36 years of service in the NHS. I always had music in my head, but it began increasingly to demand attention in the 10 years before retirement. During that time, I wrote an opera Ivanhoe which was performed in Loughborough in June 2011, this oratorio, and the Bird Symphony (used as the theme for the ‘Art space’ exhibition, ‘Birdsong’ also in 2011). You can find links to my recordings and scores, as well as more information about my work as a composer at www.composersalliance.com.
St John’s Gospel, from the Lazarus episode (chapter 11) onwards, has fascinated me for a long time. I approach it from the viewpoint of a believer, but I am very aware that many people do not believe in God, or may not accept that Jesus is God made man. Whether or not you are a believer, it is impossible to understand the concept of being man and God at the same time. From where I stand, ‘to share in our humanity’ means partaking of the human condition of uncertainty. There are indications of this tension in John’s gospel, for example in the lead up to the raising of Lazarus and the mental conflict of Jesus at Gethsemane. I have tried to imagine the tension and portray it in the music.
The second strand of inspiration comes from my period as a folk singer in the eighties. I used to be half of a duo called ‘Crossbones’. The other half was the Rev John Walker, who was curate at Loughborough Emmanuel Church before moving to Nottingham as a parish priest. Our repertoire included the folk/gospel song ‘I am the Resurrection’, by Ray Repp. John died prematurely, but the theme of the song became central to my composition, culminating in the final chorus.
The work is in three sections, a prologue ( including the raising of Lazarus) and an epilogue (post-resurrection appearances) surrounding the traditional passion.
Anyone who writes a Passion oratorio is unlikely to be compared favourably with J S Bach http://www.bach-cantatas.com/Articles/SJP-Steinberg.htm. However, my St John Passion is not based on a series of set-piece arias and choruses, but is through-written continuous recitative as in a Wagnerian opera. I have tried to juxtapose, combine and transform fragments of the themes in a symphonic process. At times, the thoughts of Jesus are externalized to voices in the choir.
The tension inherent in my interpretation of John’s gospel is manifested by frequent changes of key and tempo, dissonance within a basically tonal structure, and an episode of atonality in the Gethsemane section. People say that my music is modal and uses pentatonic scales. This is probably because my sound world is steeped in folk, blues, jazz and church music. I am not especially preoccupied with the dichotomy between major and minor. Indeed, I find minor scales and modes quite beautiful and often joyful.
My distillation of this gospel uses some artistic license, particularly in Gethsemane, which John does not describe. Instead, I have used preceding chapters 15 and 16, imagining the words of Jesus to his disciples coming back at him whilst he is alone. Elsewhere, combinations of eight voices (two each of soprano, alto, tenor and bass) are used in a similar way to echo and reflect the words of Jesus. For me, this relates to the idea of a spiritual connection with God and all humankind. Combinations of four voices are used for the dramatic dialogue, whilst the whole vocal ensemble (twelve voices) represents the crowd. There is some telescoping of time, particularly in the crucifixion, which of course took hours not minutes.
The orchestral prelude (4 minutes) uses I am the resurrection as a motto theme, whereas the overture (7 Minutes) deals with most of the other themes in the whole work. Since you will not have the advantage of being able to watch a live orchestra, there will be projected images from many different countries, symbolically linked to the music. In this semi-staged production, the action will be minimal, but I hope that the drama still lives. The paintings, by Erica, are a response to visiting the Stasi Museum in Berlin. Yes, there is suffering, but the human spirit can rise above it. Photography is by both of us – we have forgotten precisely who took which picture.
‘I am the Resurrection’ by Ray Repp (arr. John Middleton) – recording performed by Crossbones in the 80’s
Lyndon is an experienced lyric tenor soloist regularly performing in a wide variety of engagements on the stage, in concerts and Oratorios, who has developed an enviable reputation as an intelligent tenor of genuine quality, with stage presence, musicality and an educated sense of style. He studied music at the Welsh College of Music and Drama, gained an A.R.C.M. diploma, made his BBC Radio debut in 1978 and his first performance on television in the 5K Pursuit Opera, broadcast on Channel 4 in 1992. Lyndon has many Oratorio, stage and operatic roles to his credit. Following John Middleton’s opera Ivanhoe this evening´s Saint John Passion is another of Lyndon´s many premieres which have included the first modern performances of Santa Pelagia and Il Mose Legato di Dio, the World Student Premiere of Stravinski’s Les Noces, and World Premieres of The Last Broadcast, and the outdoor interactive operatic instillation Out of the Blue. Future engagements include solo recitals, Nemorino in Donizetti´s The Elixir of Love for Operahouse and the Verdi Requiem.
After graduating with a performers’ music degree, Clare worked briefly with Kent Opera and then taught singing in her spare time for several years. As a soprano soloist, Clare has an extensive oratorio and recital repertoire and a busy concert schedule, but her first love is opera and stage work. Clare was therefore delighted to have been invited to create the role of “Rebecca” in the premier of Middleton’s Ivanhoe in 2011. Clare has sung in opera productions since her late teens and now has over forty major principal roles to her credit, having performed with several companies. These include the title roles in Tosca, Madame Butterfly and Aida as well as roles such as Mimi (La Boheme), Violetta (La Traviata), Queen of the Night, Pamina and First Lady (Magic Flute), Donna Anna (Don Giovanni), Leila (Pearl Fishers), Amelia & Oscar (A Masked Ball), Marcellina (Fidelio), Adele (Die Fledermaus). Principal soprano with “Operahouse” who perform operas in a “portable” format, Clare is to repeat the role of “Adina” in their 2013 performance of The Elixir of Love in June.
Born in Craigavon, Northern Ireland, Kathryn began piano lessons aged three and has focussed on music ever since. Having previously enjoyed local choral experiences at sixteen she successfully auditioned for Ulster Youth Choir, and two years later Ulster Youth Chamber Choir. With these ensembles she has had the opportunity to perform at a range of venues and events including the BBC proms.
Kathryn gained a music degree from the University of Nottingham in 2009 and during her time there took on the title role within the university Gilbert and Sullivan society production of Iolanthe, as well as musically directing ‘The Mikado’ and producing Ruddigore. She also pursued solo performance in delivering recitals in the Djanogly recital hall and helped to found the University of Nottingham Opera Society. Kathryn has also led worship for the past three years at the Christian Keswick Convention.
Since graduating Kathryn has gained a teaching qualification from Nottingham Trent University and is currently employed in a small school just outside of Loughborough. She very much enjoys helping the young students there find their voice!
In 2012 Kathryn took on the role of the High Priestess in the Operahouse production of Verdi´s Aida and this June will mark her debut in the role of Gianetta in Donizetti’s L’elisir d’amore.
Rebekah studied music and singing at Clarendon College under the vocal training of Lynne Wayman. She has over 25 years’ experience, and has performed regularly as a soloist with the Nottingham Harmonic Society and Orchestra da Camera, the East of England singers, the Nottingham University Singers and St Mary’s Choir in the Lace Market, including solo work for BBC Radio 4. She has performed at many venues including the Royal Concert Hall in Nottingham, Nottingham Cathedral, Nottingham Albert Hall, and Southwell Minster.
Irene studied singing with Christopher Francis and Thora Kibert. She is well known in Leicester and surrounding area as a solo singer and has won numerous prizes at music festivals in Kettering, Bedford, Northampton, Nottingham and Leicester. Having been a singer since the age of five, her life of solo singing has encompassed a versatile career. Her considerable acting talent has enabled her to perform leading roles in musical comedy, Gilbert and Sullivan, Oratorio and Grand Opera. Amongst her many leading roles are those of Carmen, Azucena (Il Trovatore) and Florence Pike (Albert Herring). Irene still enjoys singing, but now also fulfills her other passion – painting.
Helen has a B.Ed (Hons) degree in Education and Music from Birmingham University. She studied singing with Barbara McGuire and Barbara Lowe and has been a member of several choirs in the Midlands including Leicester Philharmonic Choir. She conducts St. Bartholomew’s United Church Choir in Quorn and has sung solos, duets and trios locally. Helen has taught in primary schools in Worcestershire, Derbyshire and Derby City.
Has had classical vocal training for over 25 years. For the last 6 years she has been studying with Lyndon Gardner (ARCM) in Loughborough. She has extensive experience of choral singing with choirs including the Nottingham Harmonic and St Peters Singers and also solo singing ranging from private bookings such as concerts, fundraising events, weddings, anniversaries and birthday parties to the concert platform and theatres including venues such as the Nottingham Theatre Royal, the Nottingham Albert Hall, The Bonington Theatre and the Concert Hall in Nottingham. Roles include Mama Lucia in Cavalleria Rusticana, Nellie in South Pacific & Anita in West Side Story.
Cathryn is a member of Equity and has broadcast on local radio. She has made a couple of classical recordings including a CD of wedding music in association with her husband Martin.
Adrian has been performing for over 30 years and has a wide range of experience as an actor, singer, musician and theatre director, much of this in the local area, although he has also been heard in France, Germany and the USA.
He has undertaken a wide variety of lead roles in Musical Theatre and Gilbert & Sullivan operetta, with credits including both The Russian and The American lead roles in Chess, Pirelli in Sweeney Todd, Ravenal in Showboat, Nanki Poo in The Mikado, and Frederic in Pirates Of Penzance.
Following initial training with Lyndon Gardner, his classical experience includes being a soloist in Handel’s Messiah, Stainer’s Crucifixion, Faure’s Requiem and as the Messenger in Verdi’s Aida for Operahouse. He has been part of a number of local choirs and singing groups, including Loughborough Parish Church Choir, Leicester Philharmonic Choir, and Loughborough Male Voice Choir, and was instrumental in the setting up of Charnwood Youth Choir in the 1980s.
Adrian also runs local youth theatre, ACT One, is married and has 3 children. In his spare time he works in financial services!!
John has been well known as a local musician for more than 25 years. A Leicestershire boy, John owes his early musical education to the famous Leicestershire School of Music where he played violin in the Leicestershire Schools Symphony Orchestra. After leaving school, he studied organ and church music at the Royal College of Music. Active locally as a church musician for many years, he still serves as organist to a number of local organisations and is a regular guest at the organ of local parish churches. As a singer, John has performed with many local groups and continues to maintain the choir master’s prerogative “to attempt any vocal part but to give no guarantees”.
David (ATCL) currently sings in a number of choirs and opera companies in the Derby and Loughborough area. Chairman and Concert Conductor of Charnwood Opera until recently, David has sung leading roles including Germont (Traviata), Belcore (Elixir of Love), Sarastro (Magic Flute), Marcello & Colline (Bohème), Figaro, Escamillo (Carmen), Ramphis (Aida) and Coppelius (Tales of Hoffmann). David has also sung with New Opera, Derby and has sung major roles in all the G&S operettas with Melbourne. As Resident bass with “operahouse” he has also sung leads in Madame Butterfly, Tosca, Don Giovanni and Aida. He won the Rae Woodlands’ Scholarship to observe at the Britten-Pears School and enjoys solo concert bookings, including Handel’s Messiah at Peterborough Cathedral and most recently Brahms’ Requiem. Taught by Barbara Lowe and Michael Dewis, he particularly enjoys Flanders & Swann; he sings with the Sitwell Singers and is choirmaster and organist at St. Peter’s, Chellaston.
Barry began singing as a choirboy in 1960 at St. Martins Church in the Bullring, Birmingham and became resident soloist; subsequently trained at the Royal School of Church Music. In 1969, he won the Birmingham Music Festival ‘best baritone’. He passed the entrance examination for the Royal Academy in London but decided not to pursue singing as a career but instead to enjoy singing as an amateur. In 1985, he joined the Northampton Philharmonic Choir, performing many choral works and singing the bass solo in Faure’s Requiem, Haydn Nelson Mass and Durufle Requiem. Barry spent the past 40 years on the amateur stage taking leads in many shows including Curly in Oklahoma, Billy Bigelow in Carousel, Harry Hill in Music Man and many more. Recent activity includes the bass solo in Handel’s Messiah & Messe solennelle de Sainte Cecile in Northampton.
Stephen, or to give him his proper title, Revd Canon Dr Stephen Foster holds a degree in music and a doctorate in theology. In the vocal care of John Chapman whilst at university in London, Stephen, a basso profundo, sang for a number of years at ENO as well as at the same time being a regular visitor to both stage and concert hall as a soloist in this country and abroad. Whilst reading for a second degree in theology and subsequently, within ministry Stephen has been able to maintain his semi-professional singing career, recently singing as near as Melton, Whissendine and Uppingham and as far away as Paris, Prague, Athens and Japan. Major roles in recent years include Sarastro (Magic Flute), Fiesco (Simon Boccanegra), Commendatore (Don Giovanni), Colline (La Boheme) and Truelove (Rake’s Progress) in a very part time post graduate year at the Royal Northern College of Music. He has a number of performances of many kinds booked in the next months both here and abroad.
Yorkshire-born Gerry grew up in a family where everyone seemed to sing, whether in choirs, concerts or the local G & S, and eventually took part in his turn. On moving to the midlands in the 1960s he duly joined the church choir - becoming choirmaster (by default) at St Mary´s R C church, Loughborough in the early 70´s, and going on to do the same at the neighbouring parish of Sacred Heart in the 90´s. After ten years in the bass line of Loughborough University choir he joined Loughborough Male Voice Choir where from time to time he acts as deputy conductor. When not singing he enjoys walking, doing crosswords and working part-time in Sainsburys.
Has had classical vocal training for over 25 years. For the last 6 years he has been studying with Lyndon Gardner (ARCM) in Loughborough. He has extensive experience of solo & choral singing ranging from private bookings such as concerts, fundraising events, weddings, anniversaries and birthday parties to the concert platform and theatres including venues such as the Nottingham Theatre Royal, the Nottingham Albert Hall, The Bonington Theatre and the Concert Hall in Nottingham. Roles include The Defendant in Trial by Jury & Tony in West Side Story.
Martin is a member of Equity and has broadcast on local radio. He has made a couple of classical recordings including a CD of wedding music in association with his wife Cathryn. He also has vast performance & recording experience playing Bass & Electric guitar in bands in the UK
Born and bred in the East Midlands, Kate {B.Mus(Hons)} studied music at Birmingham University and accompaniment at Birmingham Conservatoire. She studied piano with Beryl Chempin, Double Bass under Tony Morgan and was selected as accompanist to renowned singing teacher Barbara McGuire. She then worked as a specialist music teacher in primary schools. As a Musical Director Kate has wielded the baton for many shows, including the premier of Middleton’s Ivanhoe, and is currently Conductor for Christchurch G&S Society. She is also in demand as a rehearsal and music examination accompanist and as a keyboard player in theatre orchestras. As a singer she has performed principal roles such as Amneris in Aida along with the title role in Carmen, Suzuki (Madame Butterfly), Flora/Annina (Traviata) and Third Lady (Magic Flute). She has also taken part in a number of operas and musicals in the area and even performed as a session singer for Barry Manilow on one of his European tours!
I have used the song I am the Resurrection as a main theme, with the kind permission of the composer Ray Repp. His music can be accessed at www.ocp.org/artists/634
Apart from singing the very demanding main role, I am indebted to Lyndon Gardner for his immense support and tireless advocacy
I also want to say thank you to my lovely wife, Erica, for helping me in so many ways with this project.
The instruments of the virtual orchestra are recorded sound patches from the Garritan Library, to be found at: www.garritan.com
Pornoroulette is the one and only sex roulette site online that lets you get laid instantly.We have better features, more people and lightning fast webcam loading speeds.If you want to meet new people, you’ll be in for a treat because there are thousands of users online at all times.As a completely free sex chat site with no registration needed, you can begin meeting cam girls immediately.The naughtiest girls on the planet are just one mouse click away.has been around for a long time, since 2005 in fact.
Take a look at our live cams, join in on our chat rooms or even go from cam to cam on our chat roulette feature.
Although there are numerous sites like Chatrandom, Chatroulette & Omegle, very few of them are as amazing as Streamberry.
Here are some benefits of using Pornoroulette: Using our free adult webcams is so easy to do that you’ll be meeting hundreds of sexy girls in no time.
Whether you want to chat with strangers or even if you want to enjoy naked cams as girls and guys get naked in real time, Pornoroulette is exactly where you’ll find it.
We’re more excited than ever to focus on building the next generation of iconic brands and life-changing products.
If you would like to post your own experience or question please use the form at the bottom of this page. We had chemistry and a certain comfort between us, but he was just out of a very chaotic relationship, and I just couldn't break that wall.
Every application for car insurance is different. Each insurer’s price depend on two things, first the underwriters assessment of your particular risk focus and then the pricing model which dictates what type of customers the insurer wants to attract.
Therefore by reducing an insurer’s perception of your risk you can reduce the price you’ll pay. There are of course many factors you either can’t change or can’t change easily … age, gender, where you live and driving history. Yet there are things you can have control over:
Hacker group “Lazarus,” reportedly funded by North Korea, has stolen a staggering $571 million in cryptocurrencies since early 2017, a study conducted by cybercrime company Group-IB reveals. Key takeaways from the study were published Tuesday, Oct. 16, alongside the full annual report, entitled “Hi-Tech Crime Trends.”
The report, dedicated to hacks in 2017 and 2018, identifies the allegedly state-sponsored hacker group Lazarus as responsible for $571 million of the $882 million total in crypto that was stolen from online exchanges during the studied time period; almost 65 percent of the total sum.
Out of fourteen separate exchange breaches, five have been attributed to the group, among them the industry record-breaking $532 million NEM hack of Japan’s Coincheck this January.
The report states that hackers target cryptocurrency exchanges using mostly “traditional” methods, including spear phishing, social engineering, and malware:
“After the local network is successfully compromised [through downloaded malware], the hackers browse the local network to find work stations and servers used working with private cryptocurrency wallets.”
The report, which also includes a cybercrime forecast, predicts the number of attacks on exchanges to increase in future, as an alternative to traditional targets such as banks.
Group-IB further indicates that Initial Coin Offering (ICO) platforms are prime targets for hackers, revealing that 10 percent of total funds raised from token sales in 2017–2018 were stolen. A majority of illicit activity targeting ICOs was reportedly conducted through phishing methods, with Group-IB estimating that large phishing groups have the capacity to steal around $1 million a month.
Additionally, Group-IB suggests that mining pools could prove an easy target for 51 percent attacks by state-sponsored hackers. Attempts at such attacks, albeit with limited success, are said to already be on the rise.
U.S. experts have previously alleged that North Korea is “increasingly” turning to crypto as a tactic to circumvent sanctions, claiming that the country’s government is hiring people to “launder” cryptocurrencies via multiple wallets and exchanges, as well as so-called mixing services, with the aim of obtaining sanction-free U.S. dollars.
roundabout magic swindon swindonweb traffic years famous county minis world drive tested love managed junctions work roundabouts officers clockwise Involved
accidents called clockwise county famous folk Involved junctions love magic makeover managed minis officers programme roundabout roundabouts shirt swindon swindonweb system television tested traffic Visited work world years
Kael knows what you want and will give you every inch of his desire. His rock hard body and intense sexuality will be unleashed on you until your body quivers with satisfaction. If you are looking for an intense one on one session with a super sexy, h...
What do you get when you put two hot young men in a room together, alone with nothing but their imaginations and raging hormones? See for yourself by checking out Frank and Joe on their live webcam. Top, bottom, flip- whatever you like, these to two g...
With a sexual appetite that just won&#8217;t quit, Mel Ferrazo has a recipe for eroticism that will take your experience to a level you never thought possible. Blonde and busty and with a trick or two up her sleave, Mel is the one you need. Nothing is...
Luthando is a hot twink god who will have you down on your knees and worshipping at his feet. His outgoing personality and sexy demeaner will win you over and you will want to be one of his new friends. His live webcam shows are scorching hot, and he ...
Carrlos has a lust for life and enjoys a good time whenever possible. He can get into almost any fantasy and can squeeze all 8.5 inches into a sexy leather outfit and explore his dark and raw masculine side. Carrlos is online on his webcam and lookin...
Don&#8217;t let his boyish good looks fool you, Piedone is ALL man in every way. When he licks his sexy lips while staring deep into your eyes, you will fall for this sexy hunk with the adonis body and want to make him your own. He is open to his opti...
Darian X is new to our network of live cam studs, but he is experienced in the ways of the world. Young and sexy and looking to get a little kinky, Darian X is ready to get down and dirty with you on his live webcam. If you are looking for a full-fled...
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and even a blind man could see the beauty of Deena Daniels. Although new to live webcams, she is sure to become a favorite for her gorgeous body and extremely willing attitude. She is a people pleaser and wants noth...
When you seek some extra special attention and you desire the company of a woman, Ruxy might fill that need. Real women have curves and Ruxy is real and ready for a night of all consuming passion. She can provide the warmth and comfort that is lacking ...
Carrsten is single and looking for a date. He has not been fully satisfied in weeks, and he needs to drop a load of tension. His body is aching to be touched and to be completely satisfied. He is lean and sexy with the perfect amount of muscle coverin...
Seiben is a sexy young athlete with a gorgeous body and handsome face. He loves being active and staying in shape, and he is interested in a more private one-on-one work out with you. His lean body is perfect for endurance activities, and he has amaz...
Adult Superstars Nikki Benz and Charlie Laine are ready to present their bountiful gifts to you with an interactive LIVE holiday show! Blonde bombshell Nikki Benz and former Penthouse Pet Charlie Laine will be live in our studio for three full hours of...
Margo Li has gorgeous breasts. Nice and round and soft to the touch. She can barely contain them in her skimpy bras that she loves to wear that accentuate her ample assets. Arrange a secret rendevouz on her live webcam, then take her private for some ...
Beautiful and full of life, Amelli loves being a woman and loves to see men&#8217;s reactions to her when she is live on her webcam. She usually starts off in some extra sexy lingerie, to entice and tease, then in private she gets down to her bare esse...
Quintina has a passion for all things sexy. From her love of high heels to her collection of naughty lingerie, she loves the feel of silk against her skin and how it makes her feel like a woman. Her free time alone is spent online on her private webcam...
Big and brawny and ready to take on whatever task you may desire, Thomas Bear gets bare for those who love big guys who know how to&#8230;turn it on for his webcam pals. Check into his webcam room and see if you can measure up to the challenge, when Th...
Got a taste to spend some time with a sexy young athlete? Watching him pull off his sweat soaked clothes and expose his ripped and ready body? Tyler S can make that a reality for you when you take him private on his live webcam. His strong and athleti...
You have to hand it to Samuela, she knows exactly what she wants and is not a bit shy about asking for some help getting it. Samuela is on a search to find the perfect orgasm. A full body orgasm that will curl her toes and make her eyes roll back in th...
Some people are just made for pleasure. Giving pleasure and receiving pleasure and not being ashamed of their bodies, and open to sharing their desires and physical needs. Zuza is all that and more! A knockout blonde babe who has love on her mind and i...
Adon needs nothing. He is big and hunky and the perfect piece of male beefcake. If you like blonde and hunky studs, Adon will fit you perfectly. He is gifted with a beautiful piece of manhood that he knows how to use for your ultimate pleasure. He is ...
Boy oh boy is Franchescko quite the sexy young man! He looks like he fell off the pages of an Abercrombie ad and onto your screen for you to explore and view every detail of his anatomy up close and very personal. You can almost feel his tight and ton...
There is a saying that blondes have more fun and Alexia Morgan is the epitome of blonde party girl. Built like a pin up model, she has DDD&#8217;s and long smooth legs that are perfect to run your tongue up and down. Oral sex drives her crazy and sends...
Nena Alvares likes to stir up the pot and create a spicey and hot dish for you on her live webcam especially for the holidays. After just one taste you will start to sweat and get all heated up and want to take all your clothes off. Nena will already b...
Sometimes you get the urge..the urge to have a secret affair but are afraid that someone might find out. Lolah understands your need for privacy and though her lips are sealed, her body is wide open and ready for you whenever you need it. For a few mi...
Tobin Marks loves sex. He enjoys being on his webcam where he can meet hot new lovers from around the world. When he is looking to play, there are no games or double-talk. He is ready to go and is only interested in a mutually enjoyable experience. Wa...
It is with sad news we have to inform members, Mary Galloway ( nee Morris ) passed away on the 19th of October.
Welcome to anyone who has worked with Forces Mail, making sure that the mail got through to our Armed Forces and their families in peace and war, on operations and exercises and on land or at sea.
When residents were asked to provide feedback on council plans to build traveller camps on their doorstep they dutifully responded. More than 3,000 homeowners filled in forms outlining their views, many raising concerns over a possible increase in noise, traffic, rubbish and a detrimental effect on property prices. However, such objections were not appreciated by Mid-Bedfordshire District Council, which partially or fully rejected nearly nine in ten of the replies for including comments 'of a racist nature'.
Weeks after asking for residents' views earlier this year, the council posted an article on its website entitled 'Racist Comments Not Welcome'. It claimed the council's 'duty of community leadership' meant it had to crack down on the use of racial stereotypes, and revealed that while 400 responses would be considered, 3,100 were in some way racist and would be rejected. The council even sent letters to objectors telling them their views had been deemed offensive and would not be taken account of.
Retired company secretary Lucy Clarke from Stotfold - one of the six small towns and villages mooted as sites for the 25 traveller families - was astounded to receive her letter. Mrs Clarke, a grandmother of three, said: 'As far as I am aware I objected to the camp for entirely reasonable grounds. And yet I then get this letter from the council. 'They even accused me of incitement to racial hatred. It's ridiculous - like putting me on a par with Abu Hamza.' She added: 'I am not racist, but I am concerned about what one of these camps could do to our town.'
Even the local town council could not avoid falling foul of the censors. Brian Collier, chairman of Stotfold council said: 'We wrote a detailed response in which we summarised locals' concerns. 'There is another gipsy site not far from here that has a well-known crime problem. 'As part of our response we echoed people's worries that the same may happen here. 'We were totally shocked when we then received a letter from the district council saying that was racist. There are lots of people here who have had the same treatment.'
The district council's attitude has been criticised by local campaigners, politicians and civil liberties groups. Tory communities spokesman Eric Pickles said yesterday: 'I hope that they write a letter of apology to everyone they have accused of being racist. Otherwise, people simply aren't going to feel able to object to these camps without the fear of being branded racist.'
When contacted by the Daily Mail, a spokesman for Mid-Bedfordshire council admitted that it had been 'somewhat overzealous'. He said: 'We were worried that many of the letters contained racist slurs and objectionable comments that we felt could not be published under current race relations legislation. 'We had no intention of offending those who took the time to respond to the consultation and certainly were not trying to label residents as racist. 'Only a small proportion (around 5 per cent) of the comments were actually discounted in their entirety. The remainder were taken into consideration, either in whole or in part.'
British children banned from carrying candles in church - it may be safer, but isn't life supposed to be fun?
You may be sick of health and safety stories, but I am going to tell you a new one anyway. And this one is particularly monstrous. There is a very pretty disused estate church in Northamptonshire where an annual carol service is held on Christmas Eve, attended by some 250 people. Everybody holds aloft a candle, which makes a lovely sight. This year, however, this little event was blighted by a decree from the church commissioners that no child under the age of 15 could be allowed to hold a lighted candle: the safety risk was deemed unacceptable. As if that wasn't enough, the service then started with the reading of formal instructions about exits in the event of fire, a completely potty notion in a tiny old church with only one door.
And here's another story just as farcical. A few months ago, an engineer called at our house to correct a telephone line fault. He eventually announced that he must go away and return another day because the job would require a long ladder. I told him he could use our ladder. Sorry, he said, he would need another man to hold it while he climbed. I volunteered. 'Sorry,' he said again. 'You're not trained.'
Trained? To hold a ladder? This is madness, but a madness which all of us experience almost every day. It is sometimes claimed, not least by that iniquitous Stalinist body the Health & Safety Executive, that stories such as these are invented or exaggerated. They are not. Such things are happening all around us. Visiting the Army in Afghanistan in October, I was dismayed to hear that even on the battlefield, the spectre of health and safety rears its head, adding severely to the burden of commanders trying to conduct an exceptionally rough campaign.
The Oxfordshire coroner who conducts most of the inquests into British soldiers killed in action, and often delivers fierce criticisms of the Ministry of Defence in his judgments, thinks that he speaks and acts in the interests of our soldiers and their families. In reality, however, he often makes pronouncements that reflect his own ignorance of the realities of war. And in so doing, he makes the task of fighting the Taliban that much harder.
Let me give you an example. Weighed down with body armour, helmet, pack and rifle, it is hard to run for any distance in the intense Afghan heat - especially when under fire. Earlier this year, commanding officers discussed whether, in special circumstances, men might be allowed to discard their body armour for short periods to enable them to move faster against a lightly-clad and nimble enemy. The final verdict was that this was unacceptable. They decided that if a soldier should be killed when not wearing full protective gear, the Oxfordshire coroner would have a field day. He would almost certainly denounce the irresponsibility of officers who had failed in their duty of care.
It is hard to fight battles under such constraints. Air Marshal Lord Tedder, Eisenhower's deputy in World War II, said wisely: 'War is organised confusion.' And he was right. British officers care passionately about the welfare and survival of their men. The pain of losing a comrade is very great. It is harsh to superimpose upon this the prospect of being denounced in a coroner's court by a civilian who has never heard a shot fired in anger. And it is absurd to apply to the circumstances of the battlefield the same sort of criteria that are applied to a factory accident.
But wars aside, we must keep exposing and denouncing such follies as a ban on children carrying candles at a carol service. If we allow them to pass unremarked, the excesses of health and safety will go on and on, each day squeezing some new little moment of pleasure out of our existences. What is at stake is common sense. We must be allowed to live our lives without constant interruptions from an officialdom obsessed with the belief that every detail of the domestic round needs regulation.
Much of the trouble lies with the courts. If, for example, my telephone engineer falls off his ladder, he will almost certainly sue his employer and anybody else in sight. If regulations are found to have been breached, if there is the smallest hint that anybody in a position of responsibility was negligent, massive compensation will be awarded. Judges often seem willing to strike bold attitudes, for instance in sticking up for the rights of Muslim extremists to preach jihad, who then escape deportation, and receive generous cheques from social services into the bargain. Yet those same judges, together with tribunals which adjudicate in many compensation cases, lack the courage to fight for common sense.
Many claims deserve to be kicked straight into the long grass. But the view prevails that cash paid out by public bodies or insurance companies is not real money. It can be distributed with reckless abandon to victims of misfortunes, often in amounts larger than they could have earned in a lifetime of labour. Thus fear of litigation causes public bodies and private companies alike to impose ever sillier and more draconian restrictions on people's daily behaviour. They are terrified of being held responsible if somebody trips over a paving stone on their patch.
We, the British, often claim to take pride in our warrior heritage. Yet we are making ourselves ever more timid and cowardly. Many of us in our teens did Outward Bound courses - I myself once ran one at school. They were tremendously popular with the young because they fed our enthusiasm for adventure. I tremble to imagine what today's Outward Bound courses are like.
After a fatal canoeing accident at a school in the John Major era, new legislation was introduced. And such activities are now hedged by thick entanglements of rules designed to strip out any of the risk which we so loved. One day when, as a newspaper editor, I met the Prime Minister, I suggested that the new law was too restrictive. He responded: 'Can you imagine what everybody would have said if there had been another Outward Bound accident and we had done nothing?'
For once, I sympathised with Major. The blame culture was not invented by governments, but they feel compelled to respond to its reality. I suppose it is a sign of retarded adolescence, that even at my advanced age I still love taking risks, a joy enhanced by the feeling that I am striking back at the Health & Safety Executive. I relish ladders and chainsaws, working on the roof, and bicycling without one of those hideous helmets.
When my children were younger, I hope that I was not an irresponsible parent. But I encouraged them to climb trees, bungee jump - and carry candles at carol services. Life is supposed to be fun. In any sensible society, learning to accept responsibility for our own actions, and sometimes for painful consequences, is an essential part of growing up. Unless we fight every new manifestation of the health and safety brigade's excesses, we may become a fractionally safer society - but we shall also evolve into an unbearably dull one.
The year that lies ahead threatens to be one of the most grim in all British history. Hundreds of thousands of us look certain to lose our jobs, most through absolutely no fault of our own. According to some estimates, that figure may even reach a million. For some of us, the prospect is grimmer still. We will not be able to keep up our mortgage payments, and so lose our homes, as well.
This series of disasters, however, is likely to befall only those who have made the mistake of working in the private sector. Those employed in Britain's bloated public sector are pretty well immune from the effects of the economic downturn. The same applies to that section of the population-an estimated 4.8 million people-who are already dependent on out-of-work benefits.
Some of these, of course, live in genuine poverty and deserve all the help they get. But others enjoy a surprising level of affluence. As the Daily Mail revealed yesterday, an amazing 140,000 households collect more from the benefit system than they would if they earned the national average wage. Each of these families receives state handouts worth 20,000 pounds a year, or even more. However, they are not taxed on this income, meaning that their real take-home pay is worth the equivalent of someone bringing home the national average salary of 25,100 before tax-and in some cases it is considerably higher even than that.
This is obscene. Nobody-apart from a handful of deranged free-marketeers who yearn for a return to the brutality of the Victorian era-is opposed to state benefits. Our modern welfare state, drawn up by William Beveridge during World War II, is the mark of a truly civilised society. Its purpose is to ensure that Britain should never return to the horrifying levels of poverty and suffering that were part of ordinary life during the Great Depression of the 1930s. Indeed, we have rarely needed Beveridge's system of social protection as much as we do today, facing as we do the greatest economic catastrophe for three- quarters of a century.
However, it has been clear for some time that something has gone desperately wrong with William Beveridge's system. During the years immediately following World War II it admirably performed the task it was supposed to do-and gave temporary protection to those workers who, through no fault of their own, were made unemployed. Instead of being forced into the workhouse, as might have happened in the 1930s, they were allowed to maintain their human dignity. But, slowly, the system was distorted.
Partly, this was the fault of politicians. National insurance payments, for example, were soon debased so that it ceased to be a pool of money set aside for a rainy day, and instead became just another form of income tax. And, inevitably, idle and feckless workers started to take full advantage of the benefits system. Rather than use it as a system of social insurance, they started to regard it as a well-paid alternative to going out to work.
A good example is the British system of disability benefit. This was set up from the most noble and splendid of motives-so that people who were unable to work for health reasons should not suffer financially because of their disability. Unfortunately, the work-shy soon spotted that disability benefit was also the perfect excuse for idleness, while being paid for staying at home-and often doing a little extra on the black market. Today, an astonishing 2.7 million men and women are claiming incapacity benefit-equivalent to one in 15 people of working age in Britain. Many of these disability claims are obviously fake.
Indeed, David Freud, the former banker who advises the Government on welfare issues, reckons that approximately two-thirds of those claiming incapacity benefit are capable of going out to work. Freud estimates that a staggering number-he reckons about 185,000-work illegally while on benefit. Tragically, no government has ever tried to make them go out to work legally. Some ministers have actually preferred to collude with a system which effectively defrauds the public. The reason is utterly shameful-people who are claiming incapacity benefit do not register as unemployed. They therefore keep the jobless figures down, enabling governments to boast about their economic success.
Another scam is housing benefit. Once again, no decent person would ever complain about the idea behind housing benefit-namely to keep people who cannot fend for themselves off the streets. Yet, once again, the system has been milked by the feckless and greedy, often with the collaboration of incompetent or corrupt local councils-consider the recent case in West London where an immigrant family lives in a large townhouse worth approximately 2,000 pounds in rent a week.
Last week a report by the Institute Of Fiscal Studies concluded (unsurprisingly) that the over-generous benefits system has created a baby boom. It estimated that an extra 45,000 children a year have been born to young mothers since the 'unprecedented rise' in child benefits, free housing and family tax credits made it 'economically attractive' to have more and more babies.
This complex situation of benefits has created a situation which was the exact opposite of what Beveridge intended. He aimed to create a system which would enable men and woman to get by while they looked for another job. But the modern British benefits system is now so complex, so incompetently administered, so corrupt and, in some cases, so generous that it is actually a disincentive to people going out to look for work. The rewards for staying idle are so great that, perversely, men and women on benefits can be better off staying at home.
A recent study showed that around 60,000 poorly paid workers offered the choice of working more hours would effectively be taxed by an extra 90 per cent on the extra income. In other words, the welfare system Britain has devised today rewards idleness and punishes hard work. The effects of this are already being felt. It is scarcely 60 years since the end of World War II, and yet there are already housing estates where practically no one goes to work. The only source of income is the State, and there are generations of families none of whom have ever had experience of the workplace.
This is not merely immensely damaging to the British economy. It is also desperately unfair. Those people who have always worked hard and paid their taxes find themselves being heavily penalised for their efforts-while those who cheat and skive get rewarded. In the long term, this is a very dangerous situation. It brings the British system of social insurance-one of the greatest achievements of the 20th century-into disrepute. Ordinary, decent, hardworking people will start to ask whether they can support a system which so blatantly rewards the workshy and the idle.
Eleven years ago, when Labour first came to power, Tony Blair claimed that only Labour could reform the welfare system-and he promised to do so. But he never had the guts. He and his Chancellor Gordon Brown preferred to keep the blatant sham of disability benefit because it so conveniently hid the true level of unemployment. It is a tragic wasted opportunity. It would have been fairly easy to prune the bloated welfare state when jobs were plentiful over the past decade-but next to impossible now that that the job losses mount.
Writing more than 2,000 years ago, a Roman politician made the following observation: 'The budget should be balanced, the Treasury should be refilled, public debt should be reduced, the arrogance of officialdom should be tempered and controlled, and the assistance to foreign lands should be curtailed lest Rome become bankrupt. People must again learn to work, instead of living on public assistance.' These words were uttered by Cicero in 55BC. Today they are every bit as apposite.
The Left are always banging on about the importance of sensitivity and making people feel "comfortable" but display precious little of any of that themselves
Channel 4 has long revelled in its puerile desire to shock but now it has plumbed new depths of indecency, perpetrating an act of sickening and gratuitous -offen-siveness. On the most -significant day in the Christian calendar it broadcast a so-called "alternative Christmas message" by Iran President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, an -Islamic fundamentalist whose regime is notorious for oppression, cruelty and anti-Semitism.
C4 has displayed utter contempt for the values of our Judaeo-Christian civilisation, treating a precious moment in our religious heritage as an opportunity for the usual anti-Western, Marxist point-scoring which passes for thinking in Left-wing circles. In the context of issuing a Christmas broadcast it is hard to imagine a less appropriate figure than President -Ahmadinejad, whose vicious theo-cracy has never shown the slightest inclination towards peace and goodwill.
To hear him last night preaching about justice and the need to fight tyranny was nauseating in the extreme. His government has promoted a brutal form of militant Islam, persecuted women, hounded Christians, and sponsored terrorism. - Despite presiding over mass poverty it has sought to build its own deadly nuclear arsenal, creating permanent tension in the Middle East. Ahmadinejad, himself drenched in the crudest form of anti-Semitism, has called for Israel to be "wiped off the face of the earth" and questioned whether the Nazi Holocaust against the Jews ever took place.
Others accused of Holocaust denial, such as historian David Irving, end up in prison. Ahmadinejad is given a prime-time Christmas Day slot on C4.
The station has an -unedifying track record of deliberately stirring up rows, particularly through the psychological freak show known as Big Brother. It has also frequently used Christmas Day as a chance to parade its disdain for the traditional -values of our culture. Two years ago the Christmas message came from a Muslim woman trumpeting her right to wear the full veil. But the -Ahmadinejad broadcast is a desperate new low. The -channel has moved from mere controversy into a sneering, treacherous rejection of all that decent Britons hold dear at this time of year.
Only in the warped mindset of an ultra-trendy, oh-so--progressive TV executive would it be deemed suitable to allow one of world's most dangerous and fanatical leaders to spout his deceitful nonsense about peace. What do C4 have lined up for next Christmas? Robert Mugabe on compassion? Kim Jong Il of North Korea on -freedom and democracy? One can imagine the excited conversations which must have taken place within C4's management before the decision was made to invite the Iranian President. "What can we do for a real outrage this year? -Ahmadinejad?
The Holocaust denier, talking on the day of -Jesus's birth? Brilliant. That'll really make a stir." The -station's executives are like a bunch of adolescent, Left-wing students, titillated by the justifiable -anger they provoke, revelling in their self-created image as -daring iconoclasts who -challenge the establishment. The absurdity of their stance is that they are an integral part of the establishment. After all, C4 is a public corporation, owned by the Government. But instead of receiving a genuine public service we have these continual displays of immature rebellion by over-paid attention seekers who think there is something original about their predictable anti-British dogma.
In 1940 George Orwell wrote of the classic Left-wing intellectuals who felt "that there is something slightly disgraceful in being an Englishman and that it is a duty to snigger at every English institution." He -described these anti-patriots as occupying "a sort of island of dissident thought". Tragically, they are no longer dissidents but are running C4.
What is equally repulsive is their epic hypocrisy. They delight in undermining Christianity and Judaism but then display a fawning reverence for Islam. They would not dream of -allowing a Muslim holy day to be hijacked by a message from a Christian fundamentalist. The same appalling double standards are just as clear in the utterings of Ahmadinejad. While lecturing us about spiritual faith, he would not tolerate for a moment an address from an Israeli rabbi about Iran's -duties to the world.
Moreover, he had the nerve to claim that if Jesus were alive today he would be campaigning against supposed Western imperialism. Yet no one in Britain can utter a squeak about Prophet -Mohammed without the threat of riots, mayhem and jihads.
It is grotesque to be hectored about peace by the world's most outspoken political advocate of a violent creed that has brought such terrible carnage over the past decade. "Love thy neighbour," the central message of the Christian gospel, is an idea -entirely alien to Islamic hardliners bent on the global -triumph of their dogma. There is an alarming parallel between the Nazis of the Thirties and today's Islamist zealots.
Morbidly anti-Semitic, stuck in a mentality of grievance, wallowing in manufactured victimhood, obsessed with submission to dictatorial authority, wailing about the iniquities of American-led capitalism, consumed by superstition and brutish -ritual, Nazism was as much a menace as Islamism is today. Like Ahmadinejad, Adolf Hitler ranted about his desire for peace but warned this could never be achieved until the "Jewish problem" was resolved.
For C4 to broadcast a message of "peace" from Ahmadinejad is the modern equivalent of the Thirties BBC giving a Christmas Day slot to Hitler. The morality of broadcasting in Britain has been sinking rapidly in recent years, as reflected in the scandal over Russell Brand and Jonathan Ross. But it has never before reached such levels of soullessness as C4 did last night.
For more postings from me, see TONGUE-TIED, GREENIE WATCH, EDUCATION WATCH INTERNATIONAL, FOOD & HEALTH SKEPTIC, GUN WATCH, SOCIALIZED MEDICINE, AUSTRALIAN POLITICS, DISSECTING LEFTISM, IMMIGRATION WATCH INTERNATIONAL and EYE ON BRITAIN. My Home Pages are here or here or here. Email me (John Ray) here. For readers in China or for times when blogger.com is playing up, there is a mirror of this site here.
Fire chiefs will have to put at least one woman on each fire engine to meet diversity guidelines. New targets say that at least 15 per cent of those in operational roles should be female. That means they will fill one of the five or six places for crew on each engine. Officials at the Local Government Association, which is pressing the quotas on fire authorities, said that an increased number of women firemen is necessary 'to meet the needs of local people'.
But critics warn that they are placing their targets above the need for fitness and strength. Susie Squire, of the Taxpayers' Alliance, said: 'Introducing this sort of quota to the fire service is a big mistake. If ever there was a job that should be awarded on merit and physical fitness, it is that of a firefighter. 'It is ludicrous that political correctness is being put above the ability to save lives.' She added: 'This quota system will not only cost taxpayers money by introducing additional and unnecessary administration, but could risk the safety of all of us in the long run.'
At present fewer than one in ten firemen are women even in the brigades with the highest proportion of females in operational jobs. Those with the least women employ proportions of around 3 per cent. In an attempt to address this, local councillors who are appointed to serve on the fire authorities will be asked to sign up to the 'diversity charter'. One of the pledges they are expected to make is to 'work to achieve recruitment targets of at least 15 per cent for women in operational roles'. They are also asked to work towards minority ethnic representation at the same level as that in the working age population of the area. At present just over 3 per cent of firemen are from ethnic minority groups.
Anthony Duggan, head of fire services at the Local Government Association, said: 'The fire service needs to be representative of the area it serves. It is important that the fire service attracts more women and ethnic minorities so that it can work more effectively in partnership with local authorities and other organisations to meet the needs of local people.' Mr Duggan called for a 'culture change' and said that asking authority members to sign the diversity charter 'will show that those who are making the strategic decisions are serious about getting a greater mix of people working in the service'.
Leading Church of England bishops have accused the British Government of being "morally corrupt" and delivered a damning verdict on Labour's rule. Five of the church's most senior figures said the Government presided over a country suffering family breakdown, an unhealthy reliance on debt and a growing financial divide. The bishops of Durham, Winchester, Manchester, Carlisle and Hulme said government ministers had squandered their opportunity to transform society, introducing policies that exacerbated inequality and hardship. Labour had sacrificed principled politics and long-term solutions to win votes, they argued, describing the Government as tired and its policies as scandalous.
Meanwhile, the Opposition Leader, David Cameron, accused the Prime Minister, Gordon Brown, of leading the country to the brink of bankruptcy, saying the "debt crisis", which he blamed solely on the Government, would serve as Mr Brown's political epitaph.
Although speaking independently in a series of newspaper interviews, the bishops' common criticisms reflect the deepening rift between the Government and the church on social and moral issues. Relations have become increasingly fractious following condemnation of Mr Brown's spending plans by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, and a report accusing the Government of marginalising the church.
The Bishop of Durham, the Right Reverend Tom Wright, said ministers had not done enough to help the poor. "When a big bank or car company goes bankrupt, it gets bailed out, but no one seems to be bailing out the ordinary people who are losing their jobs and seeing their savings diminished."
Reveries about human perfection do not exist solely in the enthusiastic systems confected by Karl Marx, or in the REM sleep of Hugo Ch vez, or through the utopian certainties of millenarians. There has been a persistent belief through countless societies that life is better, much better, somewhere else. In some yet-unfound reality there is an expression of our best natures -- our loving, peaceful, lyrically fair human core.
Anthropologists have been at the center of this quest, its practitioners sailing off to find that elusive core of perfection everywhere else corrupted by civilization. In the 1920s, Margaret Mead found it in Samoa, where the people, she said, enjoyed untroubled lives. Adolescents in particular were not bothered by the sexual hang-ups that plague our repressive society. Decades later an Australian researcher, Derek Freeman, retraced her work and successfully challenged its validity. Still, Mead's work and that of others reinforced the notion that our way of life was artificial, inauthentic, just plain wrong.
Enter primatology, which provided yet more questions about essential hominid nature -- and from which species we could, perhaps, derive guidance about our inner core. First studied in the wild were the baboons, which turned out to have harsh power politics and sexual inequity. Then Jane Goodall brought back heartwarming film of African chimps who were loving, loyal, fine mothers, with none of the militarism of the big bad baboons. But her subjects were well fed, and didn't need to scratch for a living in their traditional way. Later it became clear that chimps in fact formed hunting posses. They tore baby baboons they captured limb from limb, and seemed to enjoy it.
Where to look now for that perfect, pacifistic and egalitarian core? Franz de Waal, a talented and genial primatologist, observed the behavior of bonobos at Emory University's primate lab in the 1980s. These chimpanzees, he found, engaged in a dramatic amount of sexual activity both genital and oral, heterosexual and homosexual -- and when conflicts threatened to arise a bout of sex settled the score and life went on. Bonobos made love, not war. No hunting, killing, male dominance, or threats to the sunny paradise of a species so closely related to us. His research attracted enormous attention outside anthropology. Why not? How can this lifestyle not be attractive to those of us struggling on a committee, in a marriage, and seeking lubricious resolution?
Alas, Mr. de Waal also hadn't studied his species in the wild. And, with a disappointing shock in some quarters, for the past five years bonobos have been studied in their natural habitat in a national park in the Congo. There, along with colleagues, Gottfried Hohman of the Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig has seen groups of bonobos engage in clearly willful and challenging hunts. Indeed, female bonobos took full part in the some 10 organized hunts which have been observed thus far. Another paradise lost.
Reveries about hidden human perfection centered in primate life have been sharply curtailed by what we've learned about the Malibu ape -- when it seeks its own food, doesn't live in an easy-hook-up dormitory, and may confront severe challenges in life. Bonobo, we hardly know you.
Betty Friedan's 1963 book, The Feminine Mystique, is often credited with launching the modern feminist movement in America. Claiming that too many women lived unfulfilling lives trapped as housewives, Friedan called for women to seek opportunities outside the home. One reader humorously wrote to Friedan, "To arms, sisters! You have nothing to lose but your vacuum cleaners." Her book eventually sold millions of copies and is currently required reading in hundreds of college courses worldwide. Friedan would later play a leading role in founding the National Organization for Women and other groups promoting "women's liberation" and feminism.
Central to the appeal of The Feminine Mystique was the idea that the author was writing from experience. American women purchased the book in droves because the author presented herself as just an average housewife. But as Smith College Professor Daniel Horowitz demonstrates in Betty Friedan and the Making of `The Feminine Mystique,' the self-image Friedan painted was far different from her real life's history.
If the home was a "comfortable concentration camp," as Friedan claimed in The Feminine Mystique, this is not something she knew from experience. In the years following her marriage, she worked full-time as a journalist for communist-controlled labor publications and later worked out of her home as a freelance writer. Living in a lavish mansion, she was freed from housework by the services of a full-time maid. Her husband earned a large salary and supported Friedan and the children. The parents of her children's playmates even ejected Friedan from their car pooling arrangement when they learned that Friedan sent their children to school in a taxi rather than driving them herself. The locked-up, middle-class homemaker that Friedan styled herself to be was an embroidered tale.
As far back as her student days at Smith College, the future feminist leader traveled in a world inhabited by those on the fringes of the Left. Guest lecturers, professors, required readings, and fellow students on the Northhampton, Massachusetts campus all pushed her in the direction of a near full acceptance of the Soviet line. While Friedan was at Smith, "people committed to liberal and left-wing positions dominated campus-wide public discussions," notes Horowitz with approval. "Smith hosted a steady stream of progressive speakers," the author recognizes, a group that included Soviet propagandists Corliss Lamont and Anna Louise Strong. Horowitz credits such an atmosphere with informing the ideology of Friedan, who for more than a decade served the cause of international Marxism in various capacities.
While pursuing a post-graduate degree at Berkeley, Friedan dated David Bohm, a Communist working under Oppenheimer on the atomic bomb project. Her social world included many Party members and her writings reflected a line directed from Moscow. Friedan's FBI file-labeled "a document of problematic reliability but nonetheless one that has to be reckoned with" by Horowitz-claims that she sought to formally join the Communist Party while at Berkeley. "In 1944 an informant told the FBI that [Friedan] went to a party office in the East Bay area, announced that she was already a member of the [Young Communist League], and sought entrance to the party itself, as well as a job writing for its paper, The People's World." Friedan was refused entry, and was reportedly told that she could serve the Soviet cause better from outside of the official party.
In 1943, Friedan began nine years of work as a journalist in the labor movement. The publications she wrote for-the Federated Press and the UE News-were ostensibly "union" publications, but in reality were Communist fronts. "In the 1940s," Horowitz notes, "according to historian Ronald Schatz, the UE was `the largest Communist-led institution of any kind in the United States.' In his authoritative book on the CIO, the historian Robert Zieger states that UE was `the only effectively led large pro-Soviet affiliate' of the CIO in the postwar years." Friedan even wrote articles for the Daily Worker, New Masses, and Jewish Life: A Progressive Monthly, a publication that served as an apologist for Stalin's anti-Semitism.
Horowitz claims that the fear of "McCarthyism" (a word that curiously graces the book's pages on more than 100 occasions) continues to prevent Friedan from telling the truth about her activities during the 1940s and `50s. But there is another possibility as to why she chooses to hide her years within the Communist orbit that the author fails to explore. Perhaps Friedan lied about the time she spent within the Red fold because she recognizes that she led a shameful life promoting an ideology that claimed millions of lives. Just as a former enthusiast for Nazism might likely attempt to shield his past views in pursuit of public approval, those who cheered on Mao, Stalin, and their countless minor league impersonators might likely attempt to hide their past in order to gain mainstream acceptance.
"Once Friedan became famous," Horowitz complains, "journalists, authors of standard reference works, and historians simply repeated the narrative of her life offered in The Feminine Mystique and elsewhere." Because those writing about Friedan so often sympathized with her views, they didn't bother to investigate her past and instead relied on her word. The author himself questioned whether it was appropriate to make public the inconvenient information he discovered. Horowitz claims that we live in "a world where Newt Gingrich, Pat Buchanan, and the Christian Coalition [are] powerful, if not consistently ascendant. So I worried that I might be revealing elements of Friedan's past that conservatives could use to discredit not only Friedan but the entire women's movement."
Unfortunately, Betty Friedan and the `Making of the Feminist Mystique' raises more questions than it answers. As she has done throughout her life, Friedan continues to spin a tale about her history that has little to do with reality. She denied the author permission to quote from her unpublished work and implied legal action if he did so. She refused requests for interviews. Her complete papers are hidden from the public at Radcliffe College, kept under lock and key until decades into the new century. Horowitz has recently come under attack as a tool of the Right, despite the fact that he clearly celebrates and embraces Friedan's radical history. His argument is not so much with her Marxist past as it is with her hiding it.
If Friedan is the mother of modern feminism, the movement she gave birth to has inherited many of her traits. Whether it's the myth of domestic violence hitting its annual peak on Super Bowl Sunday or the discredited statistic of tens of thousands of women dying each year from anorexia (its actually around 100), one need not look far for examples of feminists putting forward lies to further their cause. When two Georgetown students published a booklet that included a debunking of the feminist mantra of one in four college age women being raped, angry feminists responded by stating "if one woman is not raped by publishing false statistics, then that justifies it." Betty Friedan has been exposed as a fraud. Feminism deserves such a matriarch.
Home for retired British missionaries loses grant - because it won't ask residents if they are lesbians
A care home where elderly Christian residents refused to answer ‘intrusive’ questions about their sexuality is at the centre of a bitter legal battle after its council grant was axed. Brighton & Hove Council told the home to ask pensioners four times a year about their sexual orientation under its ‘fair access and diversity’ policies, which stem from New Labour equality laws. Council chiefs also accused the charity that runs the home of ‘institutional discrimination’, before cutting a 13,000 pound grant towards warden services.
Pilgrim Homes, which operates ten schemes for elderly Christians across the UK, says it has never breached the law and is now suing the council, accusing it of religious discrimination. Andrew Jessop, the charity’s chief executive, said: ‘The council has taken overzealousness to the extreme. People in their 90s are very vulnerable and shouldn’t be treated in this way.’
Tensions began last year when the council imposed stricter criteria on organisations it supported to ‘comply’ with the Equality Act 2006 and the Equality Act (Sexual Orientation) Regulations 2007. It circulated a questionnaire to the Pilgrim Home in Egremont Place, Brighton, which houses 39 single Christians aged over 80, including former missionaries and a minister. Phil Wainwright, director of human resources for Pilgrim Homes, said he was told by the council the home had to ask residents if they were lesbian, gay, bisexual, heterosexual or ‘unsure’, even if they objected. Many of the elderly rebelled, however, and the home wrote to the council saying residents did not want to participate. Mr Wainwright said: ‘There was a strong feeling among people in the home that the questions were inappropriate and intrusive. They felt they had come to Pilgrim Homes because of its Christian ethos and were upset they were not protected from such intrusions.’
But Brighton & Hove Council complained about the home’s ‘negative response’ and argued that because the home had a Christian ethos, gay people might be deterred from applying. It cited the ‘resistance’ to using images of elderly gays, lesbians, bisexuals and transgender people in the home’s leaflets, saying this meant gays and lesbians ‘would not feel comfortable’ applying for a place. The council then announced it was axeing the grant because there had been ‘limited progress’ in making the home accessible to the homosexual community.
Mr Wainwright said the charity was open to anyone with orthodox beliefs. He said: ‘We have every reason to believe that we have given places to gay Christians, and no questions were ever asked. The council hasn’t demonstrated any discrimination on our part. We believe it is Brighton Council that is institutionally discriminatory.’
MPs last night backed the charity, which fears other councils that provide it with grants totalling more than 100,000, could follow Brighton’s lead. Ann Widdecombe, former Tory Home Office Minister, said: ‘The equality law does not oblige anyone to ask intrusive questions. This sort of thing needs to be nipped in the bud.’ David Davies, Tory MP for Monmouth, said: ‘It is absolutely disgraceful that the council has tried to get 90-year-olds, from a generation that wasn’t obsessed with sex, to put intimate information on to one of its forms.’
But Brighton & Hove Council said: ‘We have never expected any residents to answer questions about their sexuality if they preferred not to do so. ‘The Government specifically states the home must be open to the gay and lesbian community and that it must demonstrate this to qualify for funding. In the absence of any willingness to do this, funding has been withdrawn.’
Fetch, doggy – but not before listening to some vital safety information. One of Britain’s most eminent vets has warned that dogs suffer as many injuries chasing and catching sticks as they do on Britain’s roads. Owners are being advised that to protect their pets from accidental stabbing or choking, they should never throw sticks. Instead they should use rubber throwing toys or a suitably sized ball.
Dan Brockman, professor of small animal surgery at the Royal Veterinary College, has catalogued dozens of serious injuries and infections, almost all the result of animals being stabbed as they rushed after a sharp stick. “When I see people throwing sticks for their dogs in the park I just get so frustrated,” said Brockman. “I want to go and tell them to stop.” His new study, co-authored with Zoe Halfacree, a fellow small-animal expert at the college, will detail some of the injuries suffered by pets when a game of fetch goes wrong. They include:
— Dogs left paralysed after being stabbed in the back of the throat by a stick that then enters the spinal cord.
— Animals left with serious internal injuries when a spinning stick jams between the foreleg and chest as they try to catch it on the move.
— Dogs who suffer a slow death as infection spreads from tiny fragments of wood left lodged in a wound.
His advice will surprise many of the nation’s 7m dog owners. Even the Kennel Club includes pictures of dogs carrying sticks on its website. Many veterinary practices say they have become familiar with the risks because of the number of dogs they treat.
Brockman said that for owners there is another problem with throwing sticks for dogs – the huge cost of treating injuries. “I have seen injuries that have cost up to 5,000 pounds in treatment fees – but where the dog has still died in the end,” he said. Brockman added that people who get their pets to chase after balls may also be behaving irresponsibly. “You must make sure the size of ball is right for the dog,” said Brockman. “I have had to operate on dogs that have swallowed tennis balls too.”
Half a century ago, America was embroiled in a legal and moral struggle to end government-sanctioned racial discrimination. Under a system known as Jim Crow, our government treated citizens differently based on race. Today, America still treats citizens differently based on race under a policy euphemistically known as "affirmative action."
In 1961, President John F. Kennedy issued an executive order directing the federal government to take "affirmative action" to ensure that no person was denied employment based on skin color, but this policy evolved into racial bean-counting. "It was a young president's unambiguous directive that race be removed rather than added as a factor in government employment," writes Larry Purdy, author of "Getting Under the Skin of "Diversity": Searching for the Color-Blind Ideal". "Yet today, nearly 50 years after President Kennedy issued his order, affirmative action has been politically redefined by those who practice raw racial politics, a group which in 2003 included five justices sitting on our nation's highest court. The policies spawned in the name of affirmative action now mock the phrase's original meaning."
Purdy, who served as trial counsel for plaintiffs Barbara Grutter and Jennifer Gratz in race preference cases that reached the Supreme Court, offers a rebuttal to The Shape of the River: Long-Term Consequences of Considering Race in College and University Admissions, a pro-race preferences book written by former Ivy League presidents William Bowen and Derek Bok. Purdy also critiques Justice Sandra Day O'Connor's majority opinion in Grutter v. Bollinger, which was influenced by the book.
Bowen and Bok studied 28 highly selective schools to test their hypothesis that race made a difference in the admissions decisions for black graduates who went on to successful post-graduate and professional careers. However, as Purdy points out, nowhere do Bowen and Bok offer proof that all 28 schools actually considered race in their admissions decisions, much less the degree to which "race mattered" in admissions, if at all. In Getting Under the Skin of "Diversity," Purdy not only contends that Bowen's and Bok's data are insufficient to support that preferences are a net benefit to society, but goes further to argue that preferences, however well intended, are a net detriment to the very students they were designed to help.
Purdy highlights flaws in The Shape of the River. For example, Bowen and Bok claim that 700 "retrospectively rejected" black students went on to become doctors and lawyers in extraordinary numbers. But for the race preferences given to these "retrospectively rejected" students, they claim, none would have been admitted to their elite schools. Yet, nowhere do Bowen and Bok prove that any of the black graduates who eventually became successful doctors or lawyers were among those black matriculants for whom race made a difference in their respective admission. Indeed, the so-called 700 "retrospectively rejected" students were not real students at all. They were simply a statistical projection.
Although Bowen and Bok refused to release the study's underlying data for independent review, even without it Purdy managed to calculate and conclude that their findings were implausible. For example, again with regard to the 700 "retrospectively rejected" black matriculants: "[T]he authors' data suggest that those black matriculants with the highest entering qualifications obtained postgraduate and professional degrees at a rate significantly lower than those black matriculants who entered college with the lowest academic qualifications. This is a conclusion which defies all logic." Purdy lays bare Bowen's and Bok's deceptions, analyzes the consequences of race preferences, and debunks the so-called educational benefits of diversity.
Isolated acts of discrimination cannot and should not be used to label an entire country racist. Colorblind principles, particularly colorblind government policy, provide the best way to eradicate racism. "Getting Under the Skin of "Diversity," is a robust and informative guidebook for reaching that goal.
It should not be lost on any observer that, as this election drew nearer, many liberals began discarding the term "progressives" and reverted back to calling themselves "liberals." We give liberals credit of sorts for re-acknowledging their long-ago discredited brand name. Big government is big government. You can't change stripes on a skunk, as the old saying goes. Big-Government Republicans learned that the hard way. Republicans destroyed their brand by calling themselves Ronald Reagan conservatives, but governing more like Democrats.
The truer nature of liberalism was on display this last election, after years when liberals chose to cloak their views with more moderate-to-conservative speak. Liberals continued to campaign more to the right of their true agenda, but when caught off-guard, liberals were heard speaking of their spread-the-wealth socialism, their desire to bankrupt industries, and their genuine contempt for rural Americans, especially those of faith.
Many liberal bloggers, less guarded about their agenda, demonstrated the bigotry of liberalism. In this election, we witnessed the nasty bigotry of sexist liberal feminists, directed personally at Sarah Palin and indirectly at working conservative Christian mothers, with extra objection to mothers who don't abort children with special needs. That probably came as no surprise to conservative African-Americans, such as Clarence Thomas, Michael Steele and Ward Connerly, who have been subjected to the vitriol of liberal bigotry. A 1993 article titled "Black Conservatives" by one liberal says, "For most African Americans the notion of a Black conservative is an oxymoron." She writes that both conservative policies and conservatives themselves are racist. This, sadly, is the bigoted worldview of too many liberals: You are defined by your race or ethnicity and aren't allowed to think for yourself.
Liberalism's underlying premise is the superiority of government power over individual freedom. The worst regimes in history - communist, Nazi, fascist - were the combination of bigotry with government power. No such regime comes to power without using deceptive promises that government will take care of people better than freedom will. Their leaders manipulate people to support them often by accusing their opponents of the same form of treachery they seek to impose.
The worst liberal politicians employ deception both to gain votes and to intimidate critics. Race-baiting is a favorite bigoted tactic of many liberals. For example, when Barney Frank was confronted about his support for Fannie Mae contributing to the financial market meltdown, he resorted to calling those who questioned his positions "racist." How desperate and pitiful. But worse, it was the policy of bigotry in the first place that forced banks to make bad loans to uncreditworthy people.
Conservatives were called racist for opposing immigration policies pushed by the Bush administration, other Big-Government Republicans and Democrats. The wrong immigration policy, under which people here unlawfully would receive benefits at taxpayer expense, would also allow them to steal jobs from low-income Americans, and would be a slap in the face to immigrants who came to America legally through a long and sometimes expensive process.
Conservatism is a threat to liberalism because bigotry is counterproductive to conservatives, but is a cornerstone of liberalism. Economic conservatism values the productivity, work, intelligence, integrity, motivation and other virtues of the individual. Religious conservatism is based in the fundamental premise that we are all born of equal value in the eyes of God. Liberals who evade the merits of policy arguments by resorting to calling white conservatives "racists" or African-American conservatives "Uncle Toms" don't merely demonstrate their own ignorance, they cheapen the cause against real racism.
America is a center-right country not because of any particular ethnicity but because we are a unique assimilation of individuals from different walks of life, cultures and perspectives. Our greatness does not depend on any one group succeeding or holding anyone back, but precisely is due to allowing individuals to rise above the circumstances into which they were born. Americans still by and large understand our country is the land of opportunity, not the land of guarantees. America has far more Joe the Plumbers than Peggy the Moochers.
As with most things in life, those who struggle to obtain something often understand better the value of those things than those who have been given them. Perhaps that is why conservative African-American thinkers and leaders - Walter Williams, Thomas Sowell, J.C. Watts, Star Parker, Armstrong Williams, Herman Cain, Jay Parker, Bishop Harry Jackson, Jr., Alan Keyes, Larry Elder, etc., are among the most articulate proponents of free markets, faith and other tenets of conservatism. They were proud of their country long before Barack Obama was elected president. We're sure they understand that liberal bigotry remains a great barrier to overcome so all individuals have a greater opportunity to achieve their hopes, dreams, desires, ambitions and aspirations, no matter how simple or how grand.
Almost 2,200 foreign prisoners have been released from jail early with up to 168 pounds each of taxpayers' cash to compensate them for the loss of bed and board. The criminals were released back on to the streets despite a promise by Gordon Brown that they would all be deported. The total cost of funding the handouts for the foreign inmates could be as much as 370,000 pounds.
The revelations will overshadow today's announcement by the Home Office that it removed a record 5,000 foreign criminals last year. Ministers said they were fulfilling a commitment by the Prime Minister, made in July 2007, to take tougher action in the wake of the foreign prisoners scandal. Those removed last year included 50 killers and attempted killers, more than 200 sex offenders and more than 1,500 drug offenders. But the Tories pointed out that Mr Brown had said all overseas criminals would be removed when he declared: 'If you commit a crime you will be deported. You play by the rules or you face the consequences.'
Research by the Tories discovered that not only did 2,196 foreign criminals escape removal, but they were allowed to leave jail 18 days before their sentence reached even the halfway point to ease overcrowding. To compensate them for the loss of accommodation and food they would have received in prison during this 18-day period, they were given up to 7 pounds a day from public funds, up to a maximum of 168.24 each.
In a dossier released last night, the Tories revealed that an estimated 3,000 foreign criminals were released without being deported last year, including those who were set free 18 days early. And the total number of foreign inmates has actually increased by 1,000 since the foreign prisoner fiasco, which led to the sacking of Charles Clarke as Home Secretary in 2006. The scandal prompted a review of deportation procedures after 1,000 inmates were mistakenly released without being even considered for removal. But despite a series of measures being put in place to speed up removals - including the introduction of 3,000 pound bribes for those who go home voluntarily - there are currently 11,168 overseas inmates, an increase of 11 per cent since 2006. The Government is also holding 543 foreign prisoners under immigration powers, because they finished their sentences before measures could be taken to deport them. With each place costing around 40,000 a year, this 'bed blocking' is costing the taxpayer œ22million per year, according to the Tories.
Shadow Justice Secretary Nick Herbert said: 'The Government want to create the impression that they're successfully deporting foreign national criminals, but the truth is that for every three prisoners they remove, two more are released on to the streets. 'Far from paying the price as Gordon Brown promised, foreign national offenders are being rewarded by serving less than half of their jail sentence and with taxpayers' cash in their back pockets.'
Many of them cannot be deported because of a combination of EU law and the Human Rights Act. The End of Custody Licence scheme was introduced in June 2007 primarily for British inmates, to free space in the chronically overcrowded prison system. But foreign nationals - who now have three jails dedicated exclusively to their detention - have been unexpected beneficiaries.
When Keith Harding found his son's stolen car, he thought he had done all the hard work for the police. He phoned and told them it was parked outside a nearby block of flats, and waited for action. But to his astonishment officers said all they could do was send someone to pick up the car at a cost of 125 pounds. They said they did not have the resources to investigate the case.
Mr Harding, 51, a construction manager, said: `When they told me they couldn't do anything but charge me to tow the car away, I just couldn't believe it. `The officer apologised because he was embarrassed and I was furious. The culprits were probably inside that block of flats and they were going to get away with it.'
The case follows the Daily Mail's revelation earlier this week that officers are routinely failing to investigate crimes reported by the public. Nearly four in every ten offences are `screened out' by officers who claim they have little chance of catching the culprit.
The BMW was stolen on November 21 from the Harding family's home in Rayleigh, Essex, by thieves who broke into the house and took the keys and other items, including a purse belonging to Mr Harding's wife's. The purse was found by a member of the public only ten minutes' drive away, so Mr Harding decided to play detective. He drove around nearby roads until he spotted his son's car in a private car park for a block of flats. Mr Harding immediately called the police, who took an hour to arrive. The officer then called CID to see if a detective was available to investigate how the car ended up parked in the block of flats. But after another hour, CID rang back to say that `no resources' were available.
Mr Harding then drove the car home after a friend dropped off a spare key, rather than pay the 125 pound tow fee. Forensic tests were carried out on the car the next day. Mr Harding said: `We were still scared that the thieves would come back for the car because they had the keys and knew our address, so I had to park it at a friend's house. `I think the police are just worried about statistics and making sure they are seen rather than actually solving crimes.'
A spokesman for Essex Police said the officer's advice on retrieving Mr Harding's car was `usual' and forces across the country charge 125 for this service. He added: `Investigations continue, including the review of other intelligence available to police.'
Be prepared for a homosexual parody of Christmas when you take a stroll through Amsterdam these days. The Dutch city, the self-declared "gay capital of the world," is holding its first "Pink Christmas Festival." From 18 until 28 December there is a ten-day "Christmas Festival" for homosexuals, including a "gay X-mas open-air market", gay nativity scenes - featuring Baby Jesus with either two Josephs or two Marys - several gay gatherings, a "pink ice skating rink" (for travestites), and streets lined with pink Christmas trees.
The organizers, who also organize the Amsterdam Gay Pride Parade each August, say they want to "increase the range of options for homosexual men and women during Christmas week when there is not much to do." They intend to turn the event into an annual Pink Christmas Festival and expect that in the long run Pink Christmas will become even more popular than the August Gay Pride Parade, a floating Parade on barges and boats through the famous Amsterdam canals.
The Dutch Calvinist merchants, who built the canals in the 17th century to provide easy access to their warehouses, could never have imagined that their spoilt, affluent offspring would turn the city, which they made into the commercial hub and the capitalist center of the world, into the world's showpiece of depravity. Today's Amsterdammers hold nothing sacred of what their ancestors cared for, except money.
Pink Christmas, the organizers say, is also an attempt to "reclaim Amsterdam for gays" and to counter the rising intolerance in the city. Over the past years, assaults on homosexuals have occurred with increasing frequency. Though the parades, parties and festivals continue, homosexual couples who venture into the streets risk being beaten up or thrown into one of the canals.
While the homosexuals make a parody of Christmas, mocking the Christians with an open show of blasphemy during the holy season, it is not the Christians whom the homosexuals fear. Those who pretend that "religious people" are intolerant will find few examples among the remaining followers of Christ in Holland. The attacks on homosexuals are perpetrated by Muslim youths. The growing presence of Islam in the Dutch capital, which is already almost 20 per cent Muslim, has made life in the city less gay than it used to be.
Europe's Christians, however, would be na‹ve to expect that the Muslims will have greater respect for Christmas nativity scenes. Radical Islamists want to ban them altogether. In an interview earlier this year Belgium's Cardinal Godfried Danneels said that Christians may thank Muslims for the growing respect for God in present-day Europe, but the liberal Cardinal does not seem to understand that the God of Islam is not the God of Christianity.
In Antwerp, in Danneels' own Belgium, the city authorities have decreed that public shools, even during the Christmas season, have to avoid all references to Jesus, Mary and Joseph. The authorities do not want to upset the schools' large population of Muslim kids. "Christmas should be a neutral event, not focused on one particular religion, but on enjoying food and drink together with friends and family," the city officials wrote in a letter to the schools.
Even Christmas trees have been banned in Antwerp's public schools. Last year a Muslim civil servant and trade union representative demanded that the city show "its commitment to complete neutrality by banning Christmas trees and Easter eggs" from public buildings and spaces. Christmas carols are not allowed as background music, let alone to be sung, during Antwerp's traditional open-air Christmas market. Like Amsterdam, Antwerp still tolerates the word "Christmas," though. In Oxford, England, the city council has decided to ban the C-word and replace it with the term "Winter Light Festival." This is done in order "to include all religious denominations."
Meanwhile, Oxford University Press has removed other words associated with Christianity and British history from Britain's leading dictionary for children, the Oxford Junior Dictionary. Words like "bishop," "chapel," "abbey," "saint," "monarch" and "empire" have been axed. The publisher claims the changes are made to "reflect the fact that Britain is a modern, multicultural, multifaith society."
What multifaith means was experienced by the non-Muslim children of a junior school in Nottingham which cancelled the traditional Christmas nativity play because it got in the way of the Muslim children celebrating the Islamic Eid festivities.
In Sarajevo, Bosnia, Christmas has been abolished in all the city's kindergarten institutions. In order not to offend Muslims, even Christmas trees have been banned from the kindergarten premises. 43 percent of Bosnians are Muslims.
In Cologne, Germany, the windows of the Galeria Kaufhof department store no longer display traditional Christmas scenes. Instead, passers-by can marvel at Islamic scenes of mosques with minarets, desert abodes and puppets dressed like Arabs, including veiled women. Over 30% of Cologne's inhabitants are Muslims.
In Europe, the war against Christmas is being waged on all fronts, with the institution under attack from two sides: from secularist fundamentalists, who turn it into a mockery with two Josephs (or two Marys) amidst pink Christmas trees, and from Muslim fundamentalists who tolerate no nativity scenes and no Christmas trees at all. It is time for all men of good will to raise their banners and fight: for the family and the right of child to live and to be raised - like Jesus - by a father and a mother, instead of two fathers or two mothers; for green Christmas trees; for words and concepts like Christmas, bishop, chapel, abbey, monarch and empire; in short, for God, sanity and tradition.
St Vincent de Paul Society ordered to pay $27,500 to president sacked for not being Catholic. If religious people cannot choose to associate with people of the same religion, what other associations might be forced upon us?
The St Vincent de Paul Society of Queensland has been ordered to pay $27,500 to a voluntary president it sacked because she was not Catholic. The landmark decision in the Anti-Discrimination Tribunal has massive implications for the welfare organisation. State president John Campbell said the organisation was disappointed at the decision and had sought legal advice over whether it should appeal or try to have legislation amended, The Courier-Mail reports.
The $27,500 has been awarded to Kingston woman Linda Walsh for "offence, hurt, embarrassment and intimidation" following the society's decision to stand her down as president of the Migrant and Refugees Logan Centre. According to documents tendered to the tribunal, Ms Walsh's work for the centre was her reason "to get up in the morning". After volunteering for the society in 1997, she first became a president of a St Vincent "conference" - or group of people who respond to calls for assistance in the community, according to the charity's website - in March 2003. By the end of the year, she was working unpaid seven days a week.
But trouble started in January 2004 when objections to her not being Catholic were raised. Ms Walsh said she was asked when she first joined the society whether she was Catholic and there were no objections to her being Christian only. She also was accepted as a conference president in 2003 despite not being Catholic. But, in 2004, the society gave Ms Walsh three options - become a Catholic, resign her position and stay only as a member, or leave the society.
Eventually, Ms Walsh took her case to the Anti-Discrimination Tribunal. Ms Walsh told The Courier-Mail she felt betrayed by the society to which she had devoted her life. "They put me through the wringer and back," she said. "It hurt, it really hurt." [Does it hurt to take $27,500 out of the mouths of the needy too?]
In its tribunal documents, the society argued its primary function was to "inculcate the Catholic faith in its members" and the charity aspect was secondary for presidents, which meant they needed to be Catholic.
The tribunal found the society did not prove its case and awarded compensation to Ms Walsh as well as court costs. Mr Campbell said that although Ms Walsh did volunteer work, she also was a member and they believed they should have the rights to choose their members, just as a bowling club did. He said the rule that all presidents should be Catholic was "understood", even if it hadn't been written prior to Ms Walsh's membership. He declined to comment further.
Modern-day liberals - or "progressives" as they more discreetly prefer - labor under an awkward misconception; namely, that there is anything remotely "progressive" about the fundamental canons of their blind, secular-humanist faith. In fact, today's liberalism is largely a sanitized retread of an antiquated mythology - one that significantly predates the only truly progressive movement: biblical Christianity.
While visiting the Rivermont Evangelical Presbyterian Church in Lynchburg, Va., a few weeks back, I heard a troubling, albeit thought-provoking, sermon. Pastor John Mabray addressed the ancient Canaanite practice of Baal worship and, though he didn't reveal it by name, connected the dots to its present-day progeny: liberalism. Baal, the half-bull, half-man god of fertility, was the focal point of pagan idolatry in Semitic Israel until God revealed His monotheistic nature to Judaism's forebears.
In his sermon, Pastor Mabray illustrated that, although they've now assumed a more contemporary flair, the fundamentals of Baal worship remain alive and well today. The principal pillars of Baalism were child sacrifice, sexual immorality (both heterosexual and homosexual) and pantheism (reverence of creation over the Creator).
Ritualistic Baal worship, in sum, looked a little like this: Adults would gather around the altar of Baal. Infants would then be burned alive as a sacrificial offering to the deity. Amid horrific screams and the stench of charred human flesh, congregants - men and women alike - would engage in bisexual orgies. The ritual of convenience was intended to produce economic prosperity by prompting Baal to bring rain for the fertility of "mother earth."
The natural consequences of such behavior - pregnancy and childbirth - and the associated financial burdens of "unplanned parenthood" were easily offset. One could either choose to engage in homosexual conduct or - with child sacrifice available on demand - could simply take part in another fertility ceremony to "terminate" the unwanted child.
Modern liberalism deviates little from its ancient predecessor. While its macabre rituals have been sanitized with flowery and euphemistic terms of art, its core tenets and practices remain eerily similar. The worship of "fertility" has been replaced with worship of "reproductive freedom" or "choice." Child sacrifice via burnt offering has been updated, ever so slightly, to become child sacrifice by way of abortion. The ritualistic promotion, practice and celebration of both heterosexual and homosexual immorality and promiscuity have been carefully whitewashed - yet wholeheartedly embraced - by the cults of radical feminism, militant "gay rights" and "comprehensive sex education." And, the pantheistic worship of "mother earth" has been substituted - in name only - for radical environmentalism.
But it's not just self-styled "progressives" or secular humanists who have adopted the fundamental pillars of Baalism. In these postmodern times, we've also been graced, regrettably, by the advent of counter-biblical "emergent Christianity" or "quasi-Christianity," as I prefer to call it. This is merely liberalism all dolled up and gratuitously stamped "Christian." It's a way for left-wing ideologues to have their "religion" cake and eat it too. Under the guise of "social justice," its adherents often support - or at least rationalize - the same pro-homosexual, pro-abortion and radical environmental policies pushed by the modern-day Baal worshiper.
Though the "Christian left" represent what is arguably a negligible minority within larger Christianity, the liberal media have, nonetheless, embraced their cause and seized upon their popularity among elites as evidence that the so-called "Christian right" (read: biblical Christianity) is losing influence - that Christianity is, somehow, "catching up with the times."
Because emergent Christianity fails the authenticity test whenever subjected to even the most perfunctory biblical scrutiny, I suspect it will eventually go - for the most part - the way of the pet rock or the Macarena. But this does not absolve leaders within the evangelical community from a duty to call leaders of this counter-biblical revolution on their heresy. It's not a matter of right versus left; it's a matter of right versus wrong - of biblical versus non-biblical.
Nonetheless, the aforementioned pillars of postmodern Baalism - abortion, sexual relativism and radical environmentalism - will almost certainly make rapid headway over the next four to eight years, with or without help from the Christian left. The gods of liberalism have a new high priest in Barack Obama, and enjoy many devout followers in the Democratic-controlled Congress, liberal media and halls of academia.
Both Obama's social agenda and that of the 111th Congress are rife with unfettered pro-abortion, freedom-chilling, pro-homosexual and power-grabbing environmentalist objectives. The same kind of "hope, action and change," I suppose, that was swallowed up by the Baalist Canaanites of old. So, today's liberalism is really just a very old book with a shiny new cover. A philosophy rooted in ancient pagan traditions, of which there is naught to be proud. There's "nothing new under the sun," indeed.
Ann Coulter was right when she said the essence of being a liberal is having one set of rules for oneself and an entirely different set of rules for other people. Similarly, it could be asserted that the essence of liberal arts education is developing one set of theories that apply only to other people. Few better examples can be found than in the case of labeling theory, which derives from the pseudo-science of sociology.
Frank Tannenbaum had a number of valid points when, in the 1930s, he established some basic premises of labeling theory. He argued that, as a juvenile, everyone engages in some form of delinquent behavior. And he correctly pointed out that not everyone who engages in delinquency is caught and, therefore, labeled "delinquent." Tannenbaum was also correct in saying that parents, teachers, and peers sometimes over-react to juveniles caught in an act of delinquency. He was again on firm ground in asserting that these occasional over-reactions could actually produce more delinquency.
Surely, those who are labeled delinquent are less likely to be invited to associate with those who haven't. And ostracism from conformists can lead to delinquent associations where the strengthening of deviant tendencies can occur.
Writing just a few years after Tannenbaum, Edwin Lemert did a lot to shape labeling theory into its present form. It is a form popular with progressives everywhere. Lemert argued that people can engage in delinquency for any number of biological, sociological, or psychological reasons. Delinquency produced by any of these broad (categories of) factors is called "primary deviance." But Lemert's real contribution to various progressive causes (and socialist policies) flows from his explanation of a form of delinquency known as "secondary deviance."
Lemert believed that if an individual was caught in an act of primary deviance, he was likely to be placed under greater subsequent scrutiny by parents, teachers, and various agents of social control. This, of course, meant the child was more likely to be caught engaging in delinquency again. Adopting Lemert's premises, it is easy to understand how a vicious cycle could develop.
At some point, of course, the child might internalize the notion that he is a "deviant," a "delinquent," or just generally "bad." This could lead to higher rates of delinquency. When it does, according to Lemert, "secondary deviance" has occurred. Many of us have come to dub this process, perhaps somewhat simplistically, as the "self-fulfilling prophecy."
Notions such as "secondary deviance" and "self-fulfilling prophecy" have done much to undermine the integrity of public education in this country. If you learned to read in first grade in the 1970s, you remember the "yellowbirds," "redbirds," and "bluebirds" reading groups. Labeling theorists thought it would be better to call a child a "yellowbird" than to call him "slow."
(Author's Note: I was a "yellowbird" in first grade and we all knew we were slow. We just contented ourselves with beating up the "bluebirds" during recess. Fortunately, due to the kindness of my favorite teacher Elsie Stephenson, I eventually became a "redbird.").
Regrettably, all of this emphasis on self-esteem and negative labeling has resulted in many schools doing away with letter grades altogether. And when the kids play games at recess they are often forbidden from keeping score. They don't want anyone to suffer the emotional trauma that results from being labeled a "loser" - even if for a day.
Liberal progressives have spent years taking a theory from sociology and applying it increasingly to the field of education. These progressives have shown a clear interest in the question of whether negative labels (e.g., "criminal," "dumb") are more frequently applied to blacks and other historically victimized groups.
But, curiously, one area of research remains unexplored: What impact does labeling someone a "racist" have on his self-image - and his propensity for future acts of racism? Frank Tannenbaum, if he were alive today, might argue that everyone engages in some form of racist behavior. And he might point out that not everyone who engages in racism is caught and labeled "racist." Tannenbaum might also say that parents, teachers, and peers sometimes over-react to juveniles caught in an act of racial insensitivity. He would be on firm ground in asserting that these occasional over-reactions could actually produce more racial insensitivity.
We all know that liberals often manufacture cases of racism in order to keep liberalism alive. But we need more research in the pseudo-science of sociology in order to determine how reckless accusations of racism are actually creating more real racism in America. The research can be used to test whether liberals really believe in labeling theory and whether they are willing to apply it to their own conduct. If liberals really do believe in labeling theory, they should reconsider their own careless accusations of racism. If not, they should fess up, assign grades, and let children keep score during recess.
It's not easy being a conservative. Most of the time your colleagues and peers regard your views as embarrassingly old-fashioned. The culturati and the academy love to poke fun at you. And, when you're at a dinner party, there is no more sure-fire way to upset the bonhomie than to express sympathy for a conservative position on any subject matter.
Then, just as conservatism seemed destined to remain decidedly unfashionable, Deakin academics Geoff Boucher and Matthew Sharpe publish their provocatively titled The Times Will Suit Them: Postmodern Conservatism in Australia. Apparently, during the past decade or so, conservative ideas have not only been very much in fashion, they took a decidedly postmodern turn. The vanguard of this latest postmodern conspiracy is neither Jacques Derrida nor Michel Foucault; the culprits, this time, are John Howard and the entire editorial board of Quadrant.
The crux of Boucher and Sharpe's argument is that conservatism morphed into a form of relativism. Under the former prime minister, they claim, universalistic normative principles such as international human rights gave way to nationalistic assertion and cultural particularism. Values were appealed to "not because they are just but just because they are ours". The Howard version of conservatism also cemented in the Australian psyche a "scepticism towards the modern idea that people can make the world" better through "planned political action". In Howard's Australia, everybody was feeling so relaxed and comfortable that commitments to grand projects such as social justice and equality seemed a thing of the past.
Boucher and Sharpe's perverse use of the postmodern label raises an interesting question: What is conservatism and how do conservatives approach the kinds of issues postmodernists have been raising? The first thing to note is that unlike those other two isms of the modern age, liberalism and socialism, conservatism, on the whole, has been defined by its lack of a utopian vision. Keenly attuned to unintended consequences, and the persistence of human frailties, conservatives traditionally have preferred evolution to revolution, custom and habit to fads and fashions, pragmatic approaches and common sense to theoretical speculations and abstract generalisations. Because of the peculiarly change-oriented character of modernity and modernisation, conservatives often have felt the need to remind their fellow citizens of the value of the permanent, that the wheel doesn't have to be reinvented willy-nilly. In these and other respects, conservatives embody a certain postmodern modesty about what philosophy or theory can achieve, although their preference would be for empirical and pragmatic solutions to life's dilemmas. Along with David Hume, they also believe that having a sense of humour is a good antidote to hubris.
Where conservatives differ markedly from postmodernists is in the latter's embrace of romanticism. Postmodernism regards all critical reflection as "ironic play" and suffers from a tendency to see the world in aesthetic terms. In this respect, postmodernism has more in common with aesthetic modernism than it likes to admit. Art becomes a model for all of reality and anybody but a philistine judges art according to nonaesthetic criteria; hence, the outrage of the chattering classes regarding the public's disquiet with the depiction of children in Bill Henson's photographs. For the postmodern culturati, only a complete prude or ignoramus would see these images aspornography.
Here conservatism and postmodernism clearly diverge. Although conservatism has produced its own share of bohemians and aesthetes, conservatives are suspicious of rhetoric that puts the world views of an artistic and intellectual class above those of the much scorned middle-classes. However, it is the conservative approach to questions of art and culture that has been most open to misrepresentation in postmodern times. The conservative position that has received most publicity during the past decade is the one that has challenged literature departments embracing film and popular culture. The dominant image has been one of conservative critics railing against the postmodern tendency to equate Shakespeare with The Simpsons. No such thing as a postmodern conservative on this score.
The problem, though, is that the rhetoric surrounding the so-called culture wars has become the only measure of the conservative position on cultural matters. Conservatives are supposedly cranky, crusty, intolerant types who look down their noses at the culture of the masses. But this is a more accurate description of a circa-1950 left-wing intellectual writing for a journal such as Meanjin or Partisan Review than it is necessarily of a contemporary conservative intellectual.
Another conservative response to the postmodern question has been to admit that indeed postmodernism represents something new or at least something quite challenging for society and culture. In fact, conservative sociologists such as Daniel Bell, Christopher Lasch, Philip Rieff and John Carroll have led the way in demonstrating the kinds of predicaments that postmodern culture represents for individual identity and community wellbeing.
I would argue that these conservative theorists not only beat their leftist counterparts in diagnosing some of these changes; they also understood the unintended consequences of increased affluence, the triumph of a bohemian ethic and the loss of meaning in the sphere of culture much better than more fashionable strains of social and cultural theory.
After all is said and done, the quintessential characteristic of the conservative is that they have a deep need to confront and understand their times. As conservative American columnist David Brooks notes in his book Bobos in Paradise, the past few years have seen the emergence of "blue jean conservatives". He celebrates them as new kinds of conservative who "treasure religion so long as it is conducted in a spirit of moderation rather than zeal", who "appreciate good manners and cherish little customs and traditions" and who "reject grand rationalistic planning" and feel that the world is "far too complicated to be altered effectively by some person's scheme to shape reality". Sound postmodern? Perhaps the authors of The Times Will Suit Them went looking in the wrong places for their postmodern conservatives.
A judge says it was a "gross abuse of power" for child welfare staff to forcibly remove two babies from their parents' care when there was no evidence they were at risk of harm. Ordering that the children be returned to their parents immediately, Supreme Court Justice George Palmer said the New South Wales Department of Community Services officers' actions had "gravely imperilled" the children's best interests. "My principal concern is that young children who have been well cared for by their parents have been removed from their care for some three months and, if the DOCS officers have their way, will be kept out of their parents' care for another three months, for no good reason," Justice Palmer said.
Although the parents were recreational cannabis users, the judge said there was no evidence that it posed a direct risk of harm to their children - a 15-month-old girl and a month-old boy. He said there was no evidence the children, who were given the pseudonyms Georgia and Luke, were neglected or physically or emotionally abused. Given that the parents were not mentally ill and had no relevant criminal history, he questioned why their children were forcibly removed and why DOCS was pursuing a care plan that would keep them in custody until May. He said there had been "a serious abuse by certain DOCS officers of the department's power to take children into custody".
The court heard that DOCS sought to meet the parents on September 12 but did not respond to their attempts to reschedule. When the couple failed to show up, three officers came to their house. The mother denied her children were at risk but the officers returned with two police officers and removed the children. The parents, who cannot be identified, applied to the Supreme Court to have their children returned, a move opposed by DOCS.
Officers' attitude showed "an intransigent refusal to acknowledge a mistake, regardless of the consequences to the children", Justice Palmer said. A psychologist who assessed the children and their parents noted: "Both parents are well able to provide for the safety, welfare and wellbeing of their infant children."
Justice Palmer last week ordered that Georgia and Luke be immediately returned to their parents. DOCS declined to comment on the case, saying it would carefully examine the judgment and consider whether to appeal.
Another excellent day at the Scottish show, with six Cagarans winning certificates, and Sonia making up to Champion. Dàrna is in with Eiteag, Fi is in with Donny and Grace looks about ready to pop, so we should have our first 2013 kittens soon.
I wrote the wording for this post on the 19th of last month, but it has taken me until today to find the time to pull some pictures together! On the 16th, we had the delight of a local show, for a change: the Scottish Cat Club show in Larkhall, south of Glasgow. We didn’t have to get out of our beds until 06:30!
There were a total of seven Cagarans entered, the highest number in one show to date, and six of them won certificates! We had Donny in to try for his first Imperial, and Etak and Ayla for their first CCs, then Lona had Tabh entered for another Grand, Lesley had Etak and Ayla’s littermates, Derk and Ella, in for their first PCs, and Tracey had Quinn entered in the Pedigree Pet section, to try for her third Mastercat certificate. We had also taken Dàrna, to try for her third Imperial, and Sonia for her third CC.
Much to our delight, all of the Cagarans owned by other people won the certificates they had gone for, so Quinn made up to Mastercat (PR Cagaran Dorlach & MC Quinn!), Tabh is now sitting on two Grands, and the youngsters won their first PCs.
Etak and Ayla also won their CCs, so that was the whole of that litter winning their first certificates on the same day – a clean sweep of the Tiffanie breed certificate classes! Sonia also won her CC, so she is now a Champion, which is particularly good news, since she’s due for mating soon.
Neither Dàrna nor Donny placed in the Imperial class, but they were both up against some really lovely cats, so there’s no great shame in that.
To top off an excellent day, Karen Hettman’s Zach, who was bred by our best friend, Elisabeth (Dushenka Russian Blues), not only won his second Silver Olympian certificate, but also went Overall Best in Show!
Since we’re not needing to keep anything from Tia this year, I’m now thinking that I might try mating her to Apollo – the kittens from that mating should be spectacular, but they won’t carry longhair, so they’re not much use to us as Tiffanie breeders. We should, however, get some cracking show-quality Burmillas, and if we could find some nice show homes for them, it would be great to see some more Burmillas on the show bench. Having decided that, and since we also don’t need to keep anything from Dàrna this year, I’ve put her in with Etak, which gives us guaranteed Tiffs.
I was considering putting Lhasa to Donny, to see if we could produce a brown self Tiffanie to help the Tibetan programme, but I’ve now found out that for various reasons, there is now only one Tibetan breeder left, and she doesn’t use Tiffanies in her breeding. That means that I can send Lhasa down to Quin (Helen’s Burmese boy), which leaves Donny available to be mated with Fi, which is what I’ve done, because she’s another one we don’t need to keep anything from this year. That mating should hopefully give us 50% Tiffs, though the two previous matings we’ve done to longhair carriers have given us entirely Tiffs, which means we’re probably due for a whole litter of shorthairs! Assuming we do sent Lhasa down to use the mating to Quin, we’ll put Tilly to a boy who is from the only surviving line that I can find that is related to Annas’ (our original Tiffanie) mother’s mother!
Last week, I hadn’t decided any of this, but Dàrna and Fi were the first to come into season, so that kind of made my mind up on order, which helped with the decision about which matings to do.
On the Oci side, Grace is almost ready to burst, and looks hugely pregnant. Apologies for the photo quality – whenever I get a proper camera out, she behaves like an idiot, so the only photos I’ve got are phone ones. Still, you get the idea…
We have finally found a home for Bru, who went with his new owner last week, and is now settling in. He is living with a vet student in Glasgow, and although he spent the first night hiding, he is now coming out to play, and will hopefully be fully settled soon. It almost always takes longer to settle a 7-month-old, than it would at 14 weeks, but it still shouldn’t take more than a few days. When I have some photo updates, I will post them for you.
Kia and Quinn have been spayed, and Kia has settled into her new home. Apollo also seems to have settled, being a much happier boy since the Scottish. Fi may or may not be pregnant, but Keela definitely wasn’t, and is now back with us to have another shot with Shogun. Shogun is now a Champion, and Apollo won his first Grand.
Kia and Quinn were succesfully spayed the second week in January. When I collected them, the vet receptionist warned me that Quinn had been trying to lick her stitches, and had managed to remove the collar they had given her, three times whilst still in her pen at the practice. They didn’t think the collar would even last the evening, so we were just going to have to keep an eye on her licking, ourselves. She did indeed have the collar off within a couple of hours of getting home, so I put a tiny bit of Vicks vaporub in a circle around the area of the spay. Cats don’t like the smell (it’s menthol and eucalyptus), so she stopped trying to lick it and didn’t start again even once the vaporub had evaporated. As an aside, I was fascinated to see that her skin is pale – normally a dark-coloured cat would have dark skin, but it must be because she’s a smoke, and therefore has a pale undercoat, that hers is pink.
Both girls had their checkup ten days later, and since there were no problems, I let Sheona know that Kia would be okay to move in with them that weekend. We then had several busy days, because I am the secretary for RACCS (Russian and Abyssinian Cat Club of Scotland), whose AGM was the third weekend last month, and the AGM notification and papers had to go out 21 days in advance of the meeting. That was a welcome distraction from thinking about having to say goodbye to our sweet little Kia. I still haven’t started looking for a home for Quinn yet – really must get onto that, but I just keep putting it off…
The last Sunday in January, we got all of Kia’s paperwork ready, and then put her into her basket for the journey. Normally, when you opened the door to the room that she was in, she was right behind it, ready to say hello. This time, Richard had to collect her from the far side of the room, so she definitely knew something was going on, and that set me off worrying whether we were doing the right thing.
When we got to Sheona’s, however, I opened the front of the basket, and in typical Ocicat fashion, Kia was immediately out and running around to explore her new surroundings. Richard and I sat in the livingroom with Sheona and Bruce, having a cup of tea, and after a few minutes, Kia started rubbing around their legs, but wouldn’t come near us. She would rub around them and then stand in front of them, looking at Richard and I as if to say “These people are acceptable. You can go now”. Once she was sure we got the message, she then came and gave us a quick cuddle on the couch, before going back to exploring and playing with her new toys. She absolutely loves their windowledges (which Sheona had cleared ready for Kia’s arrival!), because the flat is on the 4th floor, with views down the River Kelvin, and plenty of birds to chirp at. Even better, they all have radiators immediatley below them to keep her warm!
When we headed for the door, Kia took herself off into the bedroom and sat under the bed. It took us a few minutes to persuade her that she really was giong to be allowed to stay there, and then she came out to say a quick goodbye before going off to sit on one of the windowledges again. In some ways that actually made it easier, because she was so obviously perfectly content to move into a new environment. We’ve since had updates from Sheona, and even a video of Kia exploring, and she has settled in beautifully, which if we were honest we always knew she would. I think we just didn’t want to admit that she’d be fine without us!
The first weekend last month saw us going to the Scottish Cat Club show in Larkhall, just a bit south of Glasgow. This is one of the more local shows for us, so we went along to help set up on the Friday, and were allowed to set up our own pens at the same time. That meant that when we got there on the show morning, we only had to put down food and pop the cats in their pens. This was just as well, given that we were running very late due to having had to give Apollo a bath in the morning.
When I went to get him, he’d obviously been having a mud bath overnight, so our lovely apricot silver was now a grey! We got him cleaned up and had to put him straight into his basket without time to dry him off. We stuck him next to the space heater in the car, in the hope that the hot air would dry him out, but by the time we got to vetting-in, he was still very soggy, and kind of squelched onto the vet’s table. Given that this was the first time Steve was going to have seen him since we brought him home, this wasn’t the best possible start to the morning! As it happens, once Apollo was in his pen, I managed to get him dried off with a spare blanket, and then we went over his coat with a slicker brush, so by the time the judges saw him you would never have known!
We also took Shogun, Annas, Ali and little Donny. Lona was there with both Lainni and Tabh, so this was the first show where there have been three Cagarans in competition, which was rather nice! It was particularly lovely to see Tabh again – we haven’t seen him since the last time he was out on the bench, at this show last year, when he left us to go home with Lona! Lainni didn’t place in the Grand, but did well in her side classes, and Tabh won his first PC, making him the fourth Cagaran to win a certificate.
Annas won the Reserve Olympian, Ali got the Reserve Grand and came second in the last ever Scottish Royal Canin final (winning £20, which covered his entry fee!), Apollo won his first Grand, and Shogun won his third and qualifying CC, so he is now a Champion!
Donny is still just a kitten, so wasn’t up for any certificates, but he did well in his sides, and the judges liked his type, so that was the main thing.
Ever since we got Apollo at first, he had been uptight and nervy, refusing to settle. We thought we would try him at the Scottish, since it isn’t too far to travel, and see how he coped before entering anything else with him. However, the show saw him have a complete personality transplant, and he rolled around in his pen rubbing his head on anyone who stuck their hands in, and generally being adorable, so there’s no issue there. Even better, he has continued the transformation since we got back, and has been utterly adorable ever since. When we go out to his pen now, he comes out of his house and will rub against us and purr loudly, and gets so soppy that he virtually falls over in his efforts to get you to stroke him all over. We couldn’t be more delighted with the change, as we now have the sweet boy that we were expecting, though he still ‘talks’ with a loud Essex accent, lol!
A fortnight after the Scottish, we took the Friday afternoon off work, and drove down to stay with our friends, Tracy and Gary, collecting Elisabeth on the way. Tracy and Gary seem to put us up every few months, with assorted cats in tow, and are always gracious and good-natured, regardless of our odd departure times, and habit of arriving later than we thought. We are so lucky that they put up with us!
We were a couple of hours down the motorway when we realised that my handbag had been left at home. The main issue was that it contained the vaccination cards for not only our cats, but also for Keela, because we had forgotten to leave hers with Anita when we returned Keela in January. Thankfully, the GCCF has a rule that if you forget your vaccination card, you can send it in to the GCCF office within 7 days, so we had a debate about whether to turn around and go back, or carry on and just fill in the paperwork to send the cards in. I phoned Anita and asked if she would be okay with us doing the latter, and she said that was fine, as long as I was sure about the rule.
Poor Katie has had an eye infection for several weeks, starting around the time of the Notts & Derbys. You may remember that we didn’t take her to that show, because she was pulling funny faces on the show morning? It seems those silly faces were the beginning of this infection, for which we’ve been giving her eye drops ever since. It is improving, but the progress has been very slow. Since she’s supposed to get her drops every hour or two during the day, we couldn’t leave her at home whilst we went down to the show, so she came too. I sat in the back seat, and took her out of her basket every hour to put her drops in. We had to pull into a services at one point, because the bottle had fallen on the floor and rolled away under the seats – perhaps Katie pushed it off deliberately!
We got to Tracy and Gary’s a bit later than planned, but still in time to have a nice dinner with them, and a bit of a catch-up. Just after we had gone to bed, I heard a strange noise, and turned the light on to discover that Katie, whose stomach has been rather upset by her medication, had had a ‘little accident’ on the blanket over the top of the bed, and Donny was busy getting it all over his feet trying to clean it up. Thankfully it hadn’t gone through the blanket to the duvet underneath, so Richard got a bin-bag (we always carry some when travelling) and stuck the blanket in that, outside the front door (!), whilst I took Donny into the bathroom and got him cleaned up. We washed the blanket when we got home, and will post it back down to Tracy and Gary, because it didn’t seem fair to have them clean that up as well as looking after us! Oh the joys of travelling with animals. Actually, that’s not fair, because we’ve never had a problem before – there’s a first time for everything, I suppose.
Anyway, we got up and away on Saturday morning basically on schedule, and the journey took us less than an hour, putting us at the hall just after 8am. This is the show’s first year in a new venue, which wasn’t too far from the motorway and had excellent parking. Sue Moreland was the duty vet, and she is always easy to deal with, so we got the vetting-in paperwork completed without problem. Whilst I finished penning the cats, Richard went off to buy a slicker-brush and grooming glove, because those were in the handbag that had been left in Scotland. We had taken Annas, Dàrna and Donny, and all three looked lovely – especially Annas, whose coat showed up beautifully under the lighting in the new venue.
After penning the cats and getting them ready, Richard and I went off to get breakfast in the cafe, whose food was excellent and reasonably priced. Richard then went back to check on the cats, whilst I went to find the judges room and mark up my steward’s card. The show had received record entries, and three of the judges had been so popular that their original ‘books’ (list of cats to judge) had been just under 140 cats each! To put that into context, the recommended maximum number is 70, and 50 is considered a fairly heavy book. My judge, Elaine Culf, was one of the popular ones, but thankfully the show managers had managed to bring in some other judges, and move some of Elaine’s less critical classes over to them. Elaine only judges in the Semi-Longhair section at the moment, and we had some stunning Maine Coons and Birmans, in particular, and an absolutely gorgeous Siberian, who was her pick for Best Semi-Longhair kitten.
At one point, I collected a beautiful cream Birman neuter female from her pen, and when I realised that it was Mylward Sassafras (there are not many 12-year-old cream Birmans being shown, let alone ones that gorgeous), I knew that Annas wasn’t going to have got the Olympian, particularly given that the equally stunning Danleigh Starburst was in the pen next to Sassafras. Both girls have been extremely successful and are already Bronze Olympians, and Annas just isn’t quite up to their standard, beautiful as she is. Sure enough, Sassafras and Starburst had been awarded the female neuter Olympian and Reserve, but not placing in a class of eight fantastic exhibits is no great failing. I’ve never seen such big classes at the top levels as were there yesterday – it is lovely to see a class of 14 in an Olympian and ten in an Imperial. That’s proper competition! Dàrna was in the 10-in-the-Imperial class, and also didn’t place, but again I can’t get upset about her loosing out against such competition.
Donny won his kitten class and Best of Breed, and also did very well in his side classes – probably his best result being 2nd in the Foreign 50th Birthday class, which was huge, and against adults and neuters as well as kittens. The winner in that class was a beautiful Mau, and the judge said that Donny only lost out on maturity! I spoke to a couple of the judges after the show, and they were saying how lovely his head is, and how much he’s come on since they saw him at the AGCS! It’s lovely to get such good feedback for one of our own-bred kittens.
A week past yesterday, I had a day-trip to Newcastle for a work meeting with the northern account manager for PRS. I managed to pop briefly into the office at the very end of the working day, but had to leave sharp because we had the West of Scotland committee meeting in Glasgow that evening. This was the post-show meeting, so there was plenty to discuss, and by the end of the evening I was very much ready for my bed.
We are back into ‘AGM Season’, so Saturday saw us driving down to Anita’s, to stay overnight before the Ocicat AGM on Sunday. It was great to see little Cailin again, though she was a bit wary with us – probably because the last time we visited Anita’s we were dropping Keela off, and she was rather unpleasant to Cailin afterwards. We had a lovely meal with Anita and Rob, and plenty of cat-chat, then a nice easy start the next morning with just a 40-minute drive to the AGM.
As always, that was an enjoyable event, with a meal beforehand and tea and cake afterwards. We had taken Katie with us again, because she’s still on the eye-drops, and thought we might as well take Grace as her travelling companion, rather than Dàrna, as we normally would. That meant that I was able to take Grace in after the meeting, and let the experienced Oci breeders give me their thoughts on her. Rosemary thinks that she has the potential to give us some really good type kittens, and Stacie has suggested that we take her to Curry, who is Rosemary’s cinnamon Ocicat stud. He carries classic, so that would suit us perfectly, since it would have the potential to produce both Ocis and Classics, as well as the almost inevitable variants. We will probably take her down to Rosemary in a couple of months.
Fi was finally mated the last weekend in January, and having seen a mating, we now know that one of the issues (aside from her being a pain and rolling onto her back!) is that she is very long in the body, whereas he is quite compact, so he actually finds it quite difficult to mate her!
A week ago, she was very slightly pinked up, which can either mean a pregnancy, or that they are coming back into season. Obviously, we were hoping for the former, but when I got up last Saturday morning, Fi was rolling around on the floor, standing in the classic calling pose, and even making little calling noises. This was the first time she’s actually come properly into call like that, so I scooped her up and took her straight up the stairs to Shogun, who could hardly believe that I had finally brought him a girl who was both in season and happy to be mated – he kept sniffing at her and then looking at me in astonishment. After a few minutes, however, he got over his shock and proceeded to mate her four times inside half-an-hour. We then had to leave to go to the Oci AGM, but when we got back on Sunday, I popped her in with him for another ten minutes or so, and saw another two matings. Hopefully that will be enough to finally result in a pregnancy.
Keela unfortunately decided that she didn’t want to be pregnant after all (exactly what her mum did the first time), so we brought her back from the Coventry & Leicester show to try again with Shogun. She seemed to have forgotten who he is, and spent the first few days growling and hissing at him from the corner of the kitten pen, which we put her in until she settled a bit. He wasn’t quite sure what to make of having his loving little companion (Fi) taken out of the room and her being replaced with a screaming demon, bless him! She has now calmed down, though, and seems fine with him, so when she next comes into season we’ll be hoping that he can successfully mate her as well.
By the time Keela goes back to Anita, we will know for sure whether or not Fi is pregnant, and if she’s not, we might stick Katie in with Shogun instead, since she is also much shorter in the body, and therefore easier for him. She had beautiful kittens by him last year, and we haven’t yet kept anything from her, so that would also be fine. Fi could then go in with Apollo, who is getting a bit desperate for a girl, but I don’t want to put anyone with him until I know for sure what’s happening with Shogun. The complexities of cat-breeding!
The past couple of days have been rather busy for me at work, starting with a 4:30am rise yesterday, to drive to Liverpool for a 10:30am meeting with Sound & Secure, who are one of our installation partners. After that, I scooted across for an update meeting with Wren Kitchens in Howden, and a first visit with the Relish Bar and Grill in Doncaster. Since I wasn’t very far from Barnsley at the end of the day, I had contacted June, who owns Rafa (one of the kittens from Katie’s first litter – originally known as Soolay), to ask if I could pop in and say hello – something that she has always said we are welcome to do.
She suggested that not only should I come to say hello, but that I should stop with them for dinner, and then stay the night! I was bowled over by such a generous offer, and feel very lucky that we found such fantastic owners for Rafa. I was treated to some proper Yorkshire hospitality, with a delicious stew for dinner, copious quantities of tea, and hours of cat-chat. Rafa has grown into a really handsome boy, with the most spectacular ruff and incredibly rich colouration considering that Katie is a ‘high silver’ (i.e. bright silver with no rusty tones).
He also has the most adorable temperament – if he is lying in a seat that June wants to sit in, she just picks him up, and moves him to another seat, and he just lies there in whatever position she puts him down! She was telling me that he is working through all of the ‘non-cat’ people that they know, converting them one-by-one to how wonderful cats can be – what a fantastic ambassador for the feline population in general, and Tiffanies in particular. He and his companion, Riley, are obviously doted-on, and have everyone wrapped around their little paws.
This morning I had a meeting in Newcastle, with a new manager for another of our clients, Blue Inc. On the way back up the A1, I passed within a couple of hundred yards of Sophie’s owners, and knowing that their cats are often visible through the glass door, I couldn’t resist popping off to see if I could see her. Sure enough, when I arrived at their house, I could see her sitting in one of the windows, and when I went around to the door, she came into the hallway to look at me through the door.
She has also grown into a beautiful cat, and although Fi definitely has the better head of the two, Sophie has the most amazing tail. Last time I called in like that, I ended up with her moggy housemate climbing all over the inside of my car, but I didn’t see him this time. Sophie and William, their other Tiffanie, talked to me through the door for a while, and then I headed home to get ready for the Lancs show tomorrow, and the Asian BAC meeting on Sunday.
B-B sadly had to be put to sleep due to a sudden illness last month, but his siblings are still doing well. We had a good day out at the Scottish show, and are starting to make plans for this year’s litters.
The latter part of January was pretty horrendous, with B-B being very ill. Initially the vets thought he had FIP, so couldn’t give him any treatment. Then we had tests done, which came back negative, so they thought it must have been some sort of bacterial vasculitis, and began treatment. Unfortunately, by the time we started this, the vasculitis had already damaged his kidneys, so we had to have him put to sleep after they failed suddenly.
We were obviously still nervous about FIP, so have had the lab in Edinburgh conduct a necropsy on him. At present, we are still waiting for the results of the histopathology tests, but the internal examination found none of the granulomatous legions that characterise FIP, making it unlikely that this is what killed him. We should get the rest of the results next week.
I am absolutely devastated, and can’t believe our beautiful B-B is gone. He was the first of Dàrna’s partial-breach kittens, so I had to literally pull him into this world, and I stroked his little head as he left it again. He was an early favourite of ours, both because he was so stunning, and because he was the first of the litter to really have a definite personality. We named him weeks before any of the others, because he suited his name so well – he always was a little imp, right to the end. He used to sit on top of us at night, and purred constantly.
We entered the Scottish show a couple of months ago, and I was booked to steward for John Trotter. Added to that, Lona had entered Tabh (who is now well settled in his new home), and Fiona had entered Alek in the pedigree pet section. A few weeks ago, we thought that we wouldn’t be able to attend the show due to B-B’s illness, but with B-B gone, we realised that there was no point moping around the house missing him. I was hoped that John wouldn’t have lots of chocolate Burmese, though, because that would have been too much.
We had Fiona in the kitten class, Xaria going for her 5th (and final) Imperial, and Ali entered in the regional final of the Royal Canin Stakes. The judges were again impressed with Fiona, saying that she was very Burmese in type, and she won Best of Breed. She then topped her day off by receiving a nomination for Best in Show – since each judge was only allowed to nominate one cat from the section, that’s pretty good going!
Ali was third in the Royal Canin final,winning us £20, and also won the heat to qualify for next year’s final, giving us another £16, so he has once again more than paid for his own show entry. The moggies are good at that!
Tabh was his usual adorable self, taking the whole experience in his stride once again. As before, the judges said that he is an attractive boy, though not the best Tiffanie, type-wise, but has a fantastic temperament. The was Alek’s first show, and he was a bit nervous initially, and spent most of the day scowling grumpily. He did well, though, and looked absolutely gorgeous!
I had a good day stewarding for John, with some lovely cats to handle, including having Fiona and Tabh in one of the side classes. My favourite (apart from those two, of course!), was a lilac Burmese kitten, who had the lovely impish face and beautiful eye set – her ears are still a bit big at the moment, but hopefully she will grow into those as she gets older, in which case she’ll be a stunning adult. John was very pleasant, and at the end of the day, he signed my first official stewarding certificate – I have finally joined the stewarding scheme, after months of people saying I should!
Anita took Keela to a Felis Brittanica (FIFé) show at the end of January, and she won Best in Show! Not a bad show start for Dàrna’s first litter, to have two of the girls win Best in Show at their first outings. Wouldn’t it be lovely if that continued?!
Katie and Kia are both calling almost constantly now, so I’m hoping to take the two of them to stud early next month, which would give us kittens around the middle of May. Hopefully we will finally get a chance to just enjoy a litter grow up and leave us without problems! Since we’ve had an issue with B-B being ill, I’m waiting for a couple of test results back on the girls first, before we take them, just to make sure there are no lurking problems that we could pass on to the studs.
What’s the best way to meet new people over the summer? The best way is to go out to Los Angeles Singles Party Events and meet new faces and friends organically. There are so many events every weekend. The video above is one example of a mixer that we host. It’s our throw back Thursday video so enjoy. It just gives you a glimpse of what is going on at the Los Angeles Singles Party Events.
What should I expect during my interview? Your meeting will be 20-30 minutes. We reviewed your application and sounds like you might be looking for one of the clients we are searching for. Mason will ask questions to get to know you better! This will help the matchmakers understand if you are a good match […]
6 Ways on How to Find Your Compatible Match Online by Jane Song Finding someone who connects with your personality and likes is very hard to find. It needs time and patience to meet the person which you can immediately say that there is a spark going on with your relationship. An online dating profile […]
One example of what we mean when we say that women like when men take charge is: Women want to be asked out. They want men to go after them. Pursue them. Woo them. If you are not sure if she wants to see you again after the first date, you don’t know unless you […]
Hi May, I just wanted to give an update. Winnie and I have been exclusively dating for 3 months this Thursday, and I’ve loved every minute. We have both been fortunate and blessed to have met one another, and I couldn’t (and don’t want to) imagine ever knowing anyone else. She still mentions the profile […]
Yuki A. and I have been spending a lot of time together and decided to be exclusive. Sorry, I haven’t had a chance to update you. We talked about this and feel it’s the best thing for us in order to see if we’d be good boyfriend/girlfriend later. Let me pause my activity with your […]
Hi May, thank you so much for such a great time and for helping me make connections! You and Katie always do an awesome job of it. I’m happily in a relationship through you and can’t be happier with Sarah Y. Thanks, Erick S., 34, Engineer, Santa Monica, California
Thank you May and Katie for setting up Kaley and me in June of 2015. My whole time with Catch was a fun and learning experience. It took me awhile to learn who I really was by going out with different types of women. The one who ended up with was so different that who I […]
Hi May, Sydney and I are almost at two years together and grateful we met through Catch Matchmaking company. Many thanks again. Cheers, Mark T., 58, CFO of Consulting Company, Venice, California
I had a pretty relaxing day—woke up late, and worked in the kitchen. Moving the refrigerator back to it’s spot. I had originally thought I wouldn’t put it back; I sort of liked it next to the stove…
My fridge WAS sitting next to the stove, on top of a cardboard box—and my floor is NOT finished under there. It was put there for the floor make over.
This is my NORMAL set up in my kitchen. It’s what you call “un-fitted” … I don’t have many cabinets, just one wall and counters on either side of the sink. The rest of my kitchen is a throw-back to another era. Furniture squeezed into service. I like it. This is an old picture before decluttering and packing up some things.
It goes HERE! This wall is in queue for paint and trim. In fact, the whole kitchen needs fresh paint. I painted the later half of 2014; but it’s flat interior paint and it just won’t pass muster for the kitchen. (this wall did NOT get paint, obviously)
Back to the arrangement: There's a plug and I think my microwave counter (step-back cupboard) could go there nicely. Then, there is the problem of no counter next to the stove—a place to set things. Oh! and the ice maker line; that currently isn’t working. :/
In the end, I decided to put it back; and in the process I scratched the floor, slightly. Aaack! Just the polyurethane layer. It only got one coat due to cold weather. I have to be quick about getting the other layers on as soon as the weather warms. The extra layers makes it even more durable.
I’ve pretty much said—over and over this week, either here or maybe I’ve left a comment on your blog. I’m not setting out to write a bunch of GOALS for 2015. But I will say I have the one GOAL IN MIND… and that is the move. Getting the house prepped and ready to sell. Is my main focus.
Right now—getting everything back in order is FIRST! I feel like I’m going nine to nothing—in all different directions. Taking a few pictures and seeing everything IN PICTURES… helped me realize the counter space issue AND water line dilemma.
What makes a difference for you? Do you just jump in and start working? Do you think and think… and plan and plan? I know there are as many different ways to do things as there are people that do them. Sometimes, just doing it without much thought works…and then sometimes, it’s means more work later. Writing some GOALS would give me something to AIM TOWARDS… see? Indecisive!
You can't possibly be more indecisive than I am LOL. I should have a medal by now. I've been going through a kitchen/dining room/living room remodel for the past 13 YEARS. I'm not trying for perfection either! So, I guess the only help I can be to you is to let you know you are not alone! :)
I've decided to get to the visible stuff first, then tackle the stuff behind closet doors etc.... so I do plan a little.
You are one busy girl. I think that the new year does something to us that makes us want to change things up. When I took down the Christmas tree I moved all the furniture and rugs and waxed the living room floor and of course change the furniture. I don't have the room to change it much and of course, never move hubby's chair from across from the wall mounted TV :)
It is a lot of work to get ready for a move. When you are trying to get it done, it doesn't hurt to take pictures of the room along the way. Then look at them the next day. It gives you an "outside" perspective -- you're better able to identify clutter or details that are out of place. If you want to sell your house, you'll need MLS pictures anyway. This is a good way to practice "staging."
And kudos to you for your efforts! If you do look at Multiple Listing pictures, you'll see some god-awful messes!
Not that it's the best thing to do......but I am one of those JUMP right in and get it done kind of people. I might move something and leave it that way for a couple of weeks...if I don't feel comfortable, I move it again. I guess the best way to look at it is...Some weeks I get a good workout! LOL
I love the floor. I'm a bit of both. I like to use the particular kind of energy the day supplies. Some days I have a lot of cleaning energy, other days creative energy. Today was an organizing kind of day. We're adding a few cupboards to our kitchen, so I set up a painting space in a guest room. In doing so, I packed up a "doll" dresser that my great grandmother played with that was passed on an on to the little girls of the family. My mother was the third owner and she is 89. Our granddaughter was the 8th little girl to play with it.
GALLERY presented the free interpretation of the here and now and the inspirations of each one of the artists and illustrators who work for Anna Cortina.
In the afternoon, we bought the 7 Colinas card to make use of public transport. So we take the tram line 25, and without knowing where we went we ended up in the cemetery. From there we could see the bridge, which for the first time in 30 years who will cross the month of August will have to pay for it. Long live the IMF!
I'm Víctor AKA Swasky. Sometimes I draw... In fact I draw most of the days of my life, I really do and now I would rather prefer to draw than to take pictures. If you want you can visit me in Facebook or Instagram account. I always try to upload something different you will not find the same post or information in each of them. Thank you!!!
If you come to Barcelona and want to "Enjoy Gaudí" this is a great way to approach to Gaudí's work. All the buildings you can visit in Barcelona or even near to it. Enjoy it!
If you have found this page while investigating an image displaying problem or by accident please read this article, it should be able to help you.
If you aren't the administrator of this website please notify him and send him the link which is currently displayed in your browser address bar.
Praguefind escorts, agencies and sex massage services that dating site logos your needs. Welcome to Top Class Divas. I set high standards for myself and the life I lead. Overview of Prague escorts, call. Romanian companion girl, with natural charm and sex appeal, available only for beautiful milfs, for the high class.
You will be playing as a character who is interested in chatting with hot guys so you download a game app. In a journey to retrieve the sword, you will be accompanied by 3 men who will be protecting you. It is pure fun and it is not considered as dating sims games hentai on your partner when you are flirting with game characters! One is a magician named Ray, one is a swordsman named Ethan, and the other one is an elf named Estel. Perhaps because the majority of guys are jade orange county escort so interested in mushy stories, the game sets itself apart with its puzzle gameplay. Check out the whole update: On newgrounds or funnygames game is not working. Lahore pakistan escorts, in Love Revo!
Like Reply Who Cares Some of the endings have minor sexual elements, but nothing too major. If you dating service add site to read dialogues than descriptive writing, then this game may suit your taste! On newgrounds or funnygames game is not working.
Sort by Closest to Me Highest Rating Name, A-Z Name, Z-A Occupancy, Low to High Occupancy, High to Low ZIP Code
Have you ever wanted to start up a web business but just didn't know how to effectively market your site and its products? If so, you're definitely in good company. Millions of people are looking to get involved in web business, and every single one of them would do well to read these SEO tips.
The most important part of SEO is making sure your site has unique and fresh content. If the content on your site does not appear elsewhere on the web, the search engines will weigh it more highly than copied content. On the same token, newer content is weighted more highly than aging content.
When dealing with SEO, it is important to remember to take your time. You can't expect to see results over night, it will take a while to build your reputation in the eyes of the search engines. Also, Google can tell if you try to artificially create links or rapidly increase your traffic and will penalize your site.
Check your bounce rate and lower it as much as possible. Your bounce rate is how quickly someone clicks into your site and then leaves. Search engines interpret a high bounce rate as a signal that your website was not helpful when searching on that keyword. This damages your standing in the SERPS.
Use video on your website. Video is explosive right now, and why not? People enjoy putting a face with the words. Creating a short video for people will make you much more exciting compared to those who are too nervous to get in front of the camera. A video is the perfect way to interact naturally with prospective customers.
Get to the point with keywords. how to hack youtube views with cheat engine are only two or three words, and if your keywords are longer than that, you may be more difficult to spot. Shorter is better. So, if you can eliminate unnecessary words, do it! Your goal is to be seen by as many people as you can, not describe everything you do in the keywords.
Optimize your product pages for search engines by including more than just a picture and a price for each item. Search engine spiders can't read pictures. If you include a title and a small, unique description of each item you sell, it will boost your search engine ranking and relevancy.
With the massive flood of internet marketers over recent years, search engines are now becoming more selective than ever. If you flood your content with links or even if you post a link that doesn't blend with the context of the content, the search engine may refuse to pull it up. You could even be punished as a result.
Take advantage of free social marketing sites. You may assume that you don't need to go beyond Twitter and Facebook, but that's not true. Special interest sites offer many networking opportunities for your business as well. Try to find ones that apply to your own business.
Do not rely too heavily on software, or "bots" that link your site to search engines. https://twitter.com/ChrisNjigha change their algorithms so often that it usually proves difficult to choose the right keywords to link your site to prominent engines, even with the best software. Choose a qualified marketing service to advise you.
Websites that get the most out of search engine optimization are rarely constructed with frames. Frames can be convenient for certain kinds of websites, but they are tough for search engines to index properly. Ultimately, framed websites also contain less content than non-framed ones, which means framed websites simply cannot include as many search-relevant keywords.
Use the right text when you set up interlinks. There are certain words to be avoided that do not help your optimization. An SEO expert can help you determine which anchor text is the right one to use.
If you have to delete or move an article, leave a 301 redirect in it's place. A 404 page is like a stop sign to a search engine, instructing it to remove the page (and it's SERP) from their listings. A 301 redirect will instead transfer the SERP to whichever page it links to.
Utilize the AdWords tool kit from Google, to increase the effectiveness of your keyword selections for SEO. By using these tools, you can increase traffic to your site and increase traffic that translates into sales. You can search by specific keywords or type in a specific URL to discover the keywords that drive those particular searches. Choosing https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/0B6immMtn1VbbWkxmMm1CUVp1RzQ?usp=sharing in search engines and increases your sales.
Don't duplicate articles on your site! Google will see this as cheating, and they can greatly reduce your Page Rank. Having people link to two different pages for the same content will also dilute your incoming link count, which will further drop your Page Rank.
Make your web site different from your competition. If you are selling a product that many other people are selling, you need your information to be unique. Do keyword research and write your own content. Not only will this help you stand apart from your competition, but you will also get inbound links.
Flash frames and other program-driven content are murder for search engine optimization. Since flash and similar programs display content as an image rather than text that can be parsed by computer programs, none of the content in these programs can be recognized by search engines, and thus your rankings will plummet. Stick to plain text wherever possible to improve search engine rankings.
Be honest about your website. Is it any good? It can be really easy to do search engine optimization on a number of websites, but if your site is no good, it's no good. Work on your website so that you aren't the only one who wants to go there.
If search engine optimization is the next course of marketing for your site online, you want to take it on with the right skills and knowledge at hand. You don't want to let your optimization efforts fail because of your lack of information, so use tips like these to get a great start in optimizing your site, effectively and efficiently.
I picked this one up yesterday and played for like 6 hours straight with a couple of my buddies on xbox live. You can do the entire game co-op. Its a shooter with heavy RPG elements, has a very awesome level of difficulty (at least with three people it does, it gets harder the more people you have) and is totally amazing. I highly, highly recommended this if you like RPGs, shooters, and Co-Op games. Very very fun.
As the old saying goes, there’s no place like home. However, when boilers break down or the plumbing springs a leak, it can sometimes feel more like a disaster zone. That’s where one call to Clarke Property Services can help you relax, safe in the knowledge that your home will soon become a haven once more.
Because we’re specialists in gas, plumbing and electricity, we can deal with household emergencies quickly, efficiently and reliably. However, our services don’t end there. Our team of experienced builders, decorators and fitters has all your property needs covered under one roof.
Clarke Property Services is a one-stop-shop for residential, commercial and tenanted property owners in London, with a range of bespoke services based on firm foundations.
Landlords can take advantage of our specialist service, which naturally includes gas, plumbing, energy and electricity certification before and after each new tenant. Stepping outside, Clarke Property Services also offers a wide range of other options, including gardening, decorating and rubbish clearance. And, if landlords are looking for quality tenants, we can even help here, too, with great contacts to help find the right people for their newly-renovated homes.
Homeowners can rest assured that our qualified team can help restore any room to its former glory. Clarke Property Services can fit bathrooms, kitchens, install American fridges and give your central heating a complete overhaul to help things run more efficiently and save you money on bills.
We’re based in London, but can also travel to surrounding areas such as Surrey, Sussex and Essex. In fact, our experts have even been known to go the extra mile and commute to Manchester!
So, for a complete service both inside and out, contact Clarke Property Services today for great rates and exceptional customer care. We know you love your property – let’s help keep it that way.
edriz wrote: Do you offer discounts on multipe pieces? I have a M-400, M-400a and a C-1 that I want restored/ refurbished. Both the M-400 and the M-400a are in service now and sound great but lets face it, thay are old and need a face lift. My precious M-400a I bought brand new and is my pride and joy. The M-400 is an ebay find that I'm going to use while the 400a is being worked on. When the a comes back the C-1 goes for restoring, which I also bought brand new. Another of my Carver pieces that I cherish. The C-1 has a DC current issue? I have a second C-1, also an Ebay find I can use while I await my original C-1 to come home. Confused yet. I can't be without my Carver ( The Ebay C-1 will NOT be getting a facelift) Now once my original C-1 comes home, I will be sending my Ebay M-400 for restoration/refurbishing.
I have always wanted 2 M-400's. Now I will have a M-400a, and the C-1 that were bought brand new in 81, my most prized possesions totallt restored plus the M-400 totally restored that will last me my lifetime. What more can I ask? But at $299 each ouch, for someone like me on a fixed income. I want to try to do one piece a month as I'm on disability but $300 plus 2 way shipping. I'm sure gonna try thats for sure. I need my Carver gear restored. I can't wait to hear them like new again. Anyway, Rolland, if ya happen to pop in, maybe you could PM me and make me a muliti item deal?
We can offer some free upgrades but no discounts, it takes some time to rebuild them correctly. Thanks for the question I hope we can help. Sincerely Rolland. Hi-Tech Audio
Thanks for all the support, it's greatly appreciated, and it's a privilege to work on such great equipment. If I don't reply to your questions, you are not being ignored, I do not frequent the forum very often, due to our huge work load.
Each month CASAs going above and beyond in their volunteer work are nominated by their supervisors for the Volunteer Spotlight. These volunteers are doing amazing work to connect with their youth, advocate as part of a team, and exceed their supervisor’s expectations. This month we meet Jonathan.
Great story from The Huffington Post about the realities of residential facilities for foster youth. “It’s out of s… https://t.co/c85dOYM7Ea about 22 hours ago from Hootsuite Inc.
Just a reminder to say thank you to the veterans in your life. Happy Veterans Day!! #NeverForget https://t.co/HxgKUukVzg 12:34:26 AM November 13, 2018 from Hootsuite Inc.
Tranquility meets city living at SCALA, a luxurious condo-community set against a naturally lush ravine setting. Winding trails and verdant parkland interwine with the unparalleled connectivity of both the subway and GO Train at your doorstep. Designed to naturally elevate, Bayview Village community is brought to new heights with SCALA.
Experience the outdoors from a new level on your personal terrace. An expansive retreat for the senses, spend afternoons reading and basking in the sun and evenings dining alfresco on your private patio.
No matter what solace you seek from the outdoors, find it in the fields, trails, parkland and green space that weave itself wonderfully into the Bayview Village terrain.
Shop at is one of Canada’s fashion-mall meccas, dine at some of the city’s most culturally flavoured restaurants or simply immerse yourself in all the neighbourhood amenities Bayview Village has to offer.
Feel Free to contact our office if you are interested in. Please call our office for Price and Floorplan at 905-707-0188 !
Innovation in Resource-Based Technology Clusters: Investigating the Lateral Migration Thesis – The manufacture of biodegradable plastics from maize starch
Walker & Farisani offer a case study of the lateral migration of technology from a resource sector in South Africa. They explore the role of collaborative partnerships and linkages in the diversification process of firms, particularly those that have moved from primary resource-based activities into high-value niche applications. Their focus is on the production of biodegradable plastics from maize starch, reporting on a two year government funded R&D project. Although existing polymer processing equipment and imported high-grade maize starch were used to manufacture biodegradable plastic and no mass manufactured products were generated through the research process, a notable outcome from the project was the lessons learnt/experience gained through the process of learning-by-doing and the systematic process of adopting, internalising and matching insights obtained through interaction with international experts with those developed locally.
Innovation in Resource-Based Technology Clusters: Investigating the Lateral Migration Thesis - Cleaning pollution: from mining to environmental remediation
Innovation in Resource-Based Technology Clusters: Investigating the Lateral Migration Thesis - The development of a sugar-based plastic in Brazil
Velho & Velho offer a case study from Brazil on the lateral migration of technology from resource industries. It is...Read More
Constructing Future Growth Opportunities: The Potential to develop an Intensive Civil Engineering and Construction Works Exports Strategy
Lowitt assesses the economic contribution of South Africa’s civil engineering and construction works sector through… Read More
Business process outsourcing in identified financial services sub-sectors: the potential for offshore business flows into South Africa and consequent recommendations for targeted government support
Business process outsourcing (BPO) has enormous potential to support economic growth and employment in South… Read More
This is my personal website. It offers easy access to a body of research created over a decade on employment, growth and poverty reduction. I have posted my own papers and publications, as well as those where I have been commissioning editor with a wide group of experts. I hope that making the papers and methodologies available will assist policy makers and researchers globally. I will also contribute a blog and link to organisations I am involved with.
This website is a labour of love. Every effort has been made to ensure the quality of each paper, and ease of use. I would be grateful for constructive feedback and comments. Let me know what you liked. And also guide me to any editing shortfalls or where there may be glitches in its use.
All rights reserved by Microsoft. All sponsored products, company names, brand names, trademarks and logos are the property of their respective owners in the US and other countries.
But, per Sky Sports, the Court of Arbitration (CAS) for Sport upheld an appeal by the World Anti-Doping Agency to extend said ban after it expired this month.
"FIFPro is calling for an urgent meeting with FIFA after football player Paolo Guerrero was suspended for 14 months for accidentally ingesting a banned substance, preventing him from representing Peru at the World Cup", a statement from FIFPro read.
CAS accepted he did not intend to enhance his performance but ruled that Guerrero bore "some fault or negligence, even if it was not significant".
Guerrero had just completed a six-month ban after testing positive for cocaine, which was contained in a tea, when the Court of Arbitration for Sport increased the period to 14 months Monday.
Wada wanted the suspension to be increased to two years, but Guerrero also appealed in the hope it would be annulled.
Budenholzer, who previously had coached the Atlanta Hawks , met with Bucks ownership on Tuesday in NY . Budenholzer also spent 17 seasons as an assistant under famed Spurs' head coach Gregg Popovich.
Rogers faces charges of child neglect and her husband Jonathan Allen has been charged with torture and child abuse . Rogers said she homeschooled the children, but there is no record she registered with the state as required by law.
Granted, we did beat the likes of Liverpool, Arsenal and Manchester City but our game, in general, needs improvement. Everybody who is involved at Manchester United will know the pressures that come their way.
"To the people who've contributed to this shameful injustice (I say to them), you are stealing my World Cup and perhaps also my career".
Guerrero scored his first goal on Sunday since the suspension, a header in Flamengo's 3-2 defeat at Chapecoense in the Brazilian championship.
In this Tuesday, Oct. 10, 2017 filer, Peru's Paolo Guerrero celebrates after scoring against Colombia during a 2018 World Cup qualifying soccer match in Lima, Peru.
"We will without doubt miss Paolo in Russian Federation but we are convinced that our team, with its courage and tenacity, will do Peru proud".
The plant, which employs about 8,100 hourly workers in all, has continued to make Ford Expedition and Lincoln Navigator SUVs. The F-Series is the best selling vehicle in the United States, so Ford acted quickly to get production back on line.
Breitbart News reported that an alleged gunman was spotted on Dixon High School campus around 8 a.m. on Wednesday. The Chicago Tribune identified the officer who engaged with the gunman as school resource officer Mark Dallas.
The insurgents released a statement warning residents to remain inside their homes and called on people to "stay calm". In 2017, insurgents tried to overrun the capital three times, according to the Afghanistan Analysts Network.
For net neutrality to come back requires 25 House Republicans to join the Democrats just to force a vote in the lower chamber. Net neutrality is the principle that all traffic on the internet should be treated the same.
The main theory about dark energy is that our universe was created by a short burst, and this explosion made it expand rapidly. These universes will be filled with Earth-like planets, society , and even Alien life that may be very similar to ours.
The county's bomb squad and a hazmat team are preparing to search the building where the explosion occurred. Dong Shin, a witness, said he heard a loud boom minutes before his appointment in a nearby building.
Kaveladze told investigators how Agalarov tried to arrange a meeting between Trump and Putin while the US tycoon was in Moscow . So you did not pass the information along to your father. "I didn't believe that, and didn't say that", Comey told Baier.
The FDA said it will focus on identifying the factors that led to lettuce being contaminated across multiple supply chains. Romaine lettuce of all varieties from the Yuma, Arizona, region has been blamed as the source of this outbreak .
A Chinese double amputee was among 40 people to scale Mount Everest on Monday on a busy day for the world's highest peak. Plain, 36, who broke his neck in a bodysurfing accident almost four years ago, climbed the 4,892m Vinson on 16 January.
In appreciation to Guatemala for moving its embassy to Jerusalem , the Old City walls were illuminated with the country's flags. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan dramatically ratcheted up his rhetoric this week over Gaza and the U.S. embassy move.
Since he's been jailed, Schulte has created a Facebook page where he posts articles criticizing the criminal justice system. US federal prosecutor Matthew Laroche detailed the investigation during a January 8, 2018 hearing in a NY federal courtroom.
There is also an Incognito mode to watch videos that you don't want to turn up on your videos watched history. It will be shown below Switch account / Sign out options which were until now two separate options.
Atilla, who headed global banking at Turkiye Halk Bankasi AS , remains employed by the bank, according to his lawyers. Zarrab, who is yet to be sentenced, testified for several days as the U.S. government's star witness against Atilla.
Sherpa is a single mom to three kids and lives in Hartford, Connecticut where she works as a dishwasher at the local Whole Foods. Iswari Paudel of Himalayan Guides Nepal, the company assigned to fix the ropes, confirmed that the team has scaled the mountain.
Neither Salvini nor Di Maio want the other to get the job, but they have yet to find a mutually acceptable alternative figure. They have both vowed to scrap an unpopular pension reform - a move that would punch a 15-billion-euro hole in state coffers.
FEMA , the government agency that tracks e-cigarette statistics, confirmed the death was the first in the US caused by a vape pen. Deputy fire marshal Steven Lawrence, who attended the scene, said vape pens can "become pieces of flying debris and shrapnel".
Likewise, the base phone has 64GB of internal storage , while the range-topping model ups the ante with 256GB of UFS 2.1 storage. There is also slow motion video capture, which is limited to 480fps at 720p, and 240fps at 1080p.
California Governor Jerry Brown said "Trump is lying on immigration, lying about crime and lying about the laws of California". The Trump administration has gone to federal court to invalidate California's sanctuary law that went into effect in January.
More than 15,000 teachers signed up to attend the rally, but it's unclear how many will take the day off and come to the march. In Colorado , a strike by teachers in the Pueblo City School District resulted in a 2% pay raise for educators on Monday.
It follows reports in the Daily Mail on Sunday that Ms Markle's father staged pictures for a paparazzi photographer. The Mail also reported that plans have not changed for Markle to walk his daughter down the aisle on Saturday .
Both players will be available for Saturday's La Liga game at Villarreal, the team's final match ahead of the following weekend's Champions League final against Liverpool on May 26.
His remarks came during a joint news conference held with South Korean Foreign Minister Kang Kyung-wha. To the USA , that means the North giving up the nuclear weapons it has already built.
Leinster's Brian O'Driscoll, far left, breaks through the challenge of Patricio Albacete of Toulouse, center, with Leinster's Jamie Heaslipt, during their Heineken European Cup semifinal rugby match in Toulouse, France.
It may boast a world crown, a pair of European titles, and an army of star players who shine in foreign leagues, but French soccer has never managed to attain one thing it's always hungered for: a fan culture as passionately obsessive as that of neighboring England, Italy, Spain and Germany. And on that front, things may be getting worse. As France's scandal-plagued national team heads into next month's World Cup in South Africa under a cloud of gloomy predictions, new evidence indicates "the beautiful game" is now being challenged as France's favorite by the other form of football that originated in England  rugby.
The national soccer team is nicknamed "Les Bleus" for their uniform, but the moniker may also some up the national sentiment over its prospects. France only managed to scrape through to qualify for the World Cup due to Thierry Henry's controversial handball-enabled goal against Ireland; its coach is decried by pundits (and some senior players) as incompetent; two of its stars have been questioned in a police investigation of under-aged prostitution (an inquiry that will continue after the World Cup); and its domestic championship is considered something of a farm league for players looking to make it in the more illustrious leagues of England, Spain, Italy and Germany, where all of France's best players earn their salaries. All of that, and then the fact that some of France's larger teams, like Paris Saint-Germain, have developed a reputation for fan violence completes a gloomy picture of French football, as soccer is called here.
France's National Rugby League (LNR), by contrast, is arguably the best pro championship in Europe. That reputation  and an average salary for players in its Top 14 league of $153,700, versus $123,000 in England  explains why the French league is home to some of the best players from Anglophone countries, such as England sensation Jonny Wilkinson, New Zealanders Tana Umaga and Byron Kelleher, and world champion South African fly half François Steyn. The financial rewards and elite status of the Top 14 also explain why  in the inverse of the French soccer squad  all members of France's national rugby team who formerly played pro ball abroad are now back with French clubs.
Perhaps not coincidentally, LNR sides frequently shine in rugby's Heineken European Cup: Toulouse and Biarritz will square off May 22 in an all-French final.
But rugby may have surged at soccer's expense. Attendance figures for the recently-ended pro rugby regular season show an 11% boost over the previous year, contrasting soccer's nearly 4% slump. Though the average 19,860 fans at Ligue 1 soccer games is still considerably higher than the 13,402 average for rugby's Top 14, rugger is fast closing the gap  over the past six years, soccer stadiums have lost a total of 10% of fans, while rugby's gate has more than doubled. The tables are slowly turning in TV Land too: though the 1.7 million viewers average of soccer matches on pay station Canal Plus far out-guns 700,000 for the Top 14, rugby's offensive has gained ground there, too.
"When we first began broadcasting French rugby 15 years ago, we had to position cameras so the single section full of fans would be in the background, because  in stark contrast to today  stadiums were largely empty back then," says Eric Bayle, lead match commentator and director of rugby at Canal Plus. "The exciting, high-level play of Top 14 rugby is why the sport has gained popularity, though it's true its own image has benefited by comparison to the slumping image of soccer."
Significantly, in some large cities that are home to top teams in both sports, rugby matches are now better-attended than soccer. Three-time European champion Stade Toulousain has welcomed more paying fans to matches than Toulouse Football Club for the past five straight seasons, and this year Paris rugby club Stade Français' 34,722 per-match average bettered violence-marred Paris Saint-Germain's 33,522. Elsewhere, rugby teams are moving their games into nearby pro soccer stadiums to accommodate more fans. Biarritz Olympique even crosses the border, hosting big matches at the 32,000-seat Estadio Anoeta of Spanish soccer team Real Sociedad.
France's Top 14 now rivals England's Guinness Premiership as the continent's best-attended rugby league. But a new $10 million salary cap may put a brake on the flow of foreigners to French teams, as will quotas that will soon require each team to devote 60% of the places in their sides to players developed in France. But while he believes that won't halt French rugby's European surge, Bayle warns against betting on it eclipsing French soccer just yet. "The margins have reduced, but whether it's pro or international play, soccer is still way ahead in terms of TV scores, rights, and revenues," says Bayle. "And football will get a big boost when fortunes of the national team have improved." True, although that could also be a long wait.
Located at the core of a dynamic and technology driven business hub, minutes from the beach, Continental Park has long been considered the premier address for business in the South Bay.
These companies chose Continental Park for the campus-like setting, transportation convenience, and amenities that attract and retain top-level employees:
Where you are located does reflect on your business, and Continental Park delivers the prestige these companies demand.
The goal of the Contrails project is to help preserve and disseminate the technical record of 20th century aerospace research, highlighting in particular the research endeavors of the Illinois Tech community.
This report may have been digitized and made freely available for public download, or made publicly available for purchase by the National Technical Information Service through their online database, the National Technical Reports Library
There has been no verification of an indication of public availability from an inside cover statement
Turkey's pugnacious president Recep Tayyip Erdogan won the most important election of his political career.
He became president in the first round and he preserved his majority in Parliament, albeit through an electoral alliance.
He achieved all that at a time when the Turkish economy was looking into an abyss with foreign currency and corporate debt and inflation are all at an all-time high.
b) The Good Party (IP), an ultra-nationalist party led by a charismatic and pious conservative woman,
c) Felicity Party (SP) an Islamist party led by a life-long political Islamist and an early collaborator of Erdogan.
What is important to note is the fact that the alliance removed the need for each party to clear the 10 percent threshold to get their votes turned into seats. This was done in order to encourage hard core Islamists to vote for SP without worrying that they might be wasting their ballot.
The idea behind bringing together a staunchly secular party, a conservative, ultra-nationalistic party and an Islamist party was to convince disgruntled AKP voters to consider voting for this new formation.
And it resonated with many of them. Poll after poll showed that Erdogan would be forced to go to the second round and he would very likely lose his legislative majority.
As I posted a couple of week before the elections, one opinion poll found that both Turks and Kurds were more inclined to support IP and its leader Meral Aksener than CHP and its presidential candidate Muharrem Ince.
In fact, that poll indicated that Aksener would force Erdogan to a second round and could then win the presidency.
While an outlier, the poll made sense because a very large portion of the Turkish electorate has always had an intense dislike for the CHP.
Some associate it with a zealous prosecution of Islamist population (it was illegal to wear a hijab or niqab until AKP came to power and women could not wear a headscarf of any kind in schools and universities or government buildings).
Others hate the party for its long association with the army (the only two times it formed a government were after military coups). And its tacit role in the country's four coups.
Others see it as a rigid and shallow agents of Western influence with no specific outlook or platform.
The fact remains that a significant majority of the Turkish electorate would vote for anyone before they considered CHP.
He methodically ignored the nationalist conservative Aksener and IP and the Islamist Felicity Party. He solely focused on CHP and its candidate. Since he controls almost all the media outlets they followed suit.
You could see Ince on many talk shows on in the news bulletins, Aksener, not so much. Mind you, even then the balance between Erdogan - Ince media exposure was very much in favor of the former but Aksener was nowhere to be found.
In the May 1-25 period, the country’s two main news channels, NTV and CNN Turk, dedicated a combined 70 hours of coverage to Erdogan’s Justice and Development Party (AKP) and its election ally, the Nationalist Action Party (MHP), according to a report by the two opposition-nominated members of Turkey’s media watchdog RTUK. The report was made available to Al-Monitor. The CHP and Ince got 22 hours, while the Good Party and its presidential candidate, Meral Aksener, got 17 minutes and the HDP received no coverage at all.
In other words, he transformed the elections from being between a coalition of conservative, nationalist, Islamist and secularist parties and Erdogan's AKP into a bipolar Us and Them race.
Erdogan's message contained the threat that if CHP came to power, despite Ince's reassurances, they would bring back all those anti-Islamist laws. They could force the removal of headscarves, reduce the number of religious schools and go back to Kemalist days of early republic.
And his base ate it up. After all, candidate Ince might be relatable with his mother and sister both wearing a headscarf, but he is not the leader of CHP.
Since Ince committed himself to going back to the previous system of a ceremonial president with an executive prime minister, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, the leader of CHP could soon become prime minister in a new government.
That was Erdogan's message. I know Ince seems nice but you elect him, you will be governed by a secular Alevi. Me or them?
It is like the GOP telling their base if it is not them, then it is Nancy Pelosi, abortion at every clinic, socialist health care and probably another black president.
Who cares if Trump is a twice divorced, pussy-grabbing idiot. He is what stands between, conservative, evangelical and racist GOP voters and Pelosi at Co.
Many voting districts were redefined. They changed voting stations in the Kurdish region removing them from pro-Kurdish villages. This made voting for many rural Kurds very difficult.
Officers resorted to firing their guns into the air to stop the threesome in the country’s southeastern province of Urfa from delivering four sacks stuffed with fake voting cards to the Bilge Primary School, which was being used as a polling station.
Ballot stuffing is not widespread in Turkey but this incident was not a one-off situation either. I assume ballot stuffing was part of Erdogan's Plan B or C or D, something that can be used, on a limited basis, to alter an undesirable outcome.
For instance, in the 2017 referendum, the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) alleged that up to 2.5 million votes might have been manipulated. Out of 55 million voters 2.5 million vote is not a big deal perhaps but if you won the referendum with 1.5 percent, it is a huge deal.
Kilicdaroglu, the beleaguered leader of CHP lost nine consecutive elections but has no intention to resign. In fact, he criticized Ince's performance and said that he did not get as many vote as he should have.
He is counting on the fact that, despite reducing the party's electoral support from 25.32 percent to 22.64 percent he was rewarded with more seats (146) than the previous election (131). Most of that was due to the fact that the number of MPs went up from 550 to 600.
In any event, Turkey's electoral laws and CHP's bylaws are such that it is almost impossible to remove a party leader through regular democratic means. To give you an idea, since 1923 the CHP has had only five leaders. Can you find another such example in the world?
Meral Aksener, the leader of the nationalistic and conservative Good Party (IP) passed the 10 percent threshold and will have 43 seats in the new assembly.
The case of her former party the proto-fascist Nationalist Action Party (MHP) is very interesting. Devlet Bahceli, the leader of MHP fought off Aksener's leadership bid tooth and nail and expelled her from the party. She went on to form IP and Bahceli entered into an electoral alliance with Erdogan and AKP.
Interestingly, between 1 May and 25 June only a single polling company placed MHP above the 10 percent threshold. Fourteen others predicted that it would never go over.
There is a good reason for that. The ceiling of MHP's support is around 5.5 to 6 million votes. It once hit 7.5 million (for the June 2015 hung parliament) but contemporaneous opinion polls clearly showed that the additional votes came from disgruntled AKP supporters. And the next time around, in November 2015, the party's vote went back to 5.7 million.
But let's stipulate, for the sake of the argument that 7.5 million votes is the true potential support level for ultra-nationalistic parties in Turkey.
In 24 June 2018 elections MHP and IP, which share the same identical electoral base received 10,555,227 votes. That's almost double the regular MHP vote.
How could MHP get to preserve its share of the vote when half of its base went to support an offshoot party? Even the one opinion poll that gave MHP 10.5 percent found that IP was going to be stuck at 7.4 percent. Yet they received collectively 21 percent of the vote.
You could argue that since AKP's vote went from 49.5 to 42.5 percent, a significant percentage of AKP voters went to ultra-nationalistic parties.
The problem with that argument is that no opinion poll showed such a drastic move away from AKP to ultra-nationalist parties. And why should they?
With his Afrin excursion, his Syrian adventures in Al-Bab and Manbij and his genocidal tactics in Southeast Turkey Erdogan showed his bone fide as the most nationalistic leader in Turkey. Why would such voters desert him at this juncture?
In other words, there is no explanation for this 21 percent ultra-nationalistic vote either arithmetically or politically.
Unless of course, these three guys caught with fake ballot bags were part of a larger effort to get MHP over the 10 percent threshold.
Really impressive post. I read it whole and going to share it with my social circules. I enjoyed your article and planning to rewrite it on my own blog.
I have two blogs: One is about serious commentary on issues that interest me. http://contrarianprogressive.blogspot.com/ The other is about living, eating and cooking in Paris http://livingandeatinginparis.blogspot.com/
Liberty sells and supports a complimentary range of LonWorks compatible hardware and software. Download an "Introduction to LonWorks" .pdf file here.
Some of the biggest names in the industry have chosen Liberty as their channel to market and between us, we are able to provide just about anything a LonWorks developer, integrator or user may want. If you can't find what you want, we may even add it to our range so let us know.
With a reputation for honesty and keeping to promises, you can be confident that, by placing your business with Liberty, you will not be let down. Simply visit the LonWorks Store, find the item you want in our fully searchable database and order via phone fax or email. What could be easier?
From building management systems to petrol forecourt automation, from individual smart homes to the largest shopping malls, there aren't many applications that can't benefit from some of the products that can be found here.
angled house floor plans culliganabrahamarchitecture plan dk craftsman house plan with 3 car angled garage angled house plan designs beautiful dazzling free house floor plans small house garage plans new house with angled garage 39 beautiful house plans for sale south africa craftsman floor plans beautiful 23 house with angled garage house plan dk angled craftsman house plan with room to grow pole house plans inspirational 2 bedroom 2 bath barndominium floor stucco house plans best plan dk craftsman house plan with angled split entry house plans beautiful split entry house plans media image source: spaceftw.com This impression (Angled House Plans Awesome House Plans Jamaica Beautiful Home Plans C Elegant Home Plans 0d Collection) over is actually classed having: angled house plans, posted simply by Harry Hart with 2018-09-13 21:46:09. To see many photos inside New Angled House Plans Photograph photographs gallery remember to follow this specific hyperlink.
Just click download link in many Resolutions at the end of this sentence and you will be redirected on direct image file, and then you must right click on image and select "Save image as". 150 × 150 / 300 × 300 / 500 × 500
We hope you can find what you need here. We always effort to show a picture with HD resolution or at least with perfect images. Angled House Plans Awesome House Plans Jamaica Beautiful Home Plans C Elegant Home Plans 0d Collection can be beneficial inspiration for those who seek an image according specific categories; you can find it in this site. Finally all pictures we have been displayed in this site will inspire you all..
So how accurate is the AF of the N mount lens after conversion? If auto focus is off, will I be able to calibrate it the same way I calibrate a Canon lens (providing I know how to)?
My experience with the conurus-converted Zeiss N 24-85mm over the last couple of months suggests that focusing is quite accurate. Easily as good as a Caon lens in terms of focus accuracy. I'm not sure how you would "calibrate a Canon lens" (I believe it is rather the camera body that is calibrated for focus), but functionally there does not appear to be any difference in operation between a converted N lens and a Canon EOS lens.
You can join us for best	esixsigma.co	dumps	cnsu.edu	oracle training solutions. Our	sciarc.edu	contains all those you want to pass for real
Painting not only can become a drawing tool, but also a structural, architectural and surgical device.
Bodhi is a Nepalese term meaning the “strangling” fig tree (ficus religiosa). The roots of the Bodhi tree entangled the Temple of Durbar, the only heritage to survive the disastrous 2015 Gorkha earthquake.
Prajapati’s Bodhi will be resilient and adaptive to seismic oscillations. Made of enriched composite graphene and ultra-lightweight polymer filaments (highly ductile and flexible), its construction will be performed by thousands of 10-Axis Robotic arms, VR Paint Cloud drones and skilled Shilpakar craftsmen.
The Paintulum will cancel lateral displacement and topologically optimise structures, ending the era of concrete pancaked architecture and thus creating a new form of restoration and levitation craftsmanship.
The journey of TS5 was an indispensable asset to develop and evolve the studio project and the TS staff and tutors provided valuable guidance. As my technical understanding grew, so too did the project unravel further. TS5 is an incentive to explore, optimise and challenge existing intelligence. The true achievement for me has been discovering these curiosities, and being able to offer a new observation.
This picture (Lovely Male Long Hair Style Ideas Of Mens Parted Hairstyles) over is usually labelled along with: black mens parted haircuts,men s hair parted in the middle,men s side parted pompadour,men s tapered haircut parted on side,mens hair parted right,mens hairstyles parted in the middle,mens parted haircut,mens parted haircuts,mens parted hairstyles 2016,mens wavy parted hairstyles, published by simply topil with 2018-08-05 15:11:29. To determine almost all photographs inside Elegant Mens Parted Hairstyles
Tagged: black mens parted haircuts, men s hair parted in the middle, men s side parted pompadour, men s tapered haircut parted on side, mens hair parted right, mens hairstyles parted in the middle, mens parted haircut, mens parted haircuts, mens parted hairstyles 2016, mens wavy parted hairstyles
moncler outlet www.pizza-roma.it 4.6 (from 0 reviews) 199.99EUR Suppliers: http://www.pizza-roma.it/ In stock
Make customers feel more compelled to buy if they believe they are about to miss out on the products that others are buying.
Let customers know what other shoppers are doing on your store and create a positive influence and motivates them to buy your products.
Sales Pop is an influential selling tool which helps to boost your sales. Built with the concept of social proof, the app displays purchase activities on your store via real-time notification popups. When customers know what other people are buying from your store, it creates a positive influence and motivates them to buy your products.
Sales Pop brings a brick and mortar feeling to your site, which shows evidence that there are many happy customers already buying. The store is humanized, valuable trust is built, thus customer engagement is increased and visitors are more likely to be converted into buyers.
Mobile commerce is gaining more and more momentum as a mainstream way to do online shopping. Sales Pop is responsive on all mobile devices, this is always our first priority when designing an app. Plus, customization options are maximized. You can freely edit the message, position or display time of the notification to optimize the app and make it blend with your site.
Marianna Marianna Turquoise Turquoise Brahmin Brahmin Turquoise Turquoise Marianna Brahmin Brahmin Marianna Brahmin Turquoise Marianna Marianna Turquoise Brahmin H4qwWAFgw
This is an awesome app which has increased conversion for my store. Highly recommend the app to anyone looking for an awesome free app.
Mobile commerce Blue Crossgrain Leather Aqua in Christie Carryall Coach txvqIY6I Online store builder
Chapter 2 p.24-56 : Matrix math. Particularly the Square Root method of matrix inversion. Also calculations for between and within group Sum Product and Covariance matrices
Hey, New Jersey environmental activists and pro-environment folks. Now you can see who’s attempted to undermine efforts to protect the environment, according to PolluterWatch.com But I would imagine that the activists are already quite familiar with their foes. The new … Continue reading →
Wesley A’Harrah and Martin Erler, students of the global entertainment and music business master’s program, reflect upon the first of the weekly ‘Music Business Seminars’ where they had the chance to listen to Pablo Langa, Business Director for Blackboard International, talk about his presentation “Does your next million dollar business idea need a mobile app?”.
Are you one of the many individuals who suffer from nomophobia? In their 2012 study, a technology company called SecureEnvoy found that roughly 67% of their research population believed they had this strangely named condition. So what is nomophobia, exactly? Macmillan dictionary states nomophobia is “the fear of not having or not being able to use a cellphone.”
Pablo Langa – a specialist in global mobile-app development and strategic technological marketing – provided our music business Master’s class with some insights on drivers of powerful, innovative technological advances in today’s web-based environment. His presentation “Does your next million-dollar business idea need a mobile app” introduced us to six critical factors in creating a successful mobile application to meet the needs of today’s challenges. These six factors are the following: scope, pricing, knowing your audience, creating a platforming roadmap, promotion and the decision to build or buy your app.
When you think of versatile tools, a Swiss-army knife is likely among the first few things that come to mind. In the case mobile-apps, versatility often presents itself in a different form. Apps that claim to offer numerous functions are often less effective than competing apps with specialized functions. Simplicity is key: less is more, and more is less. Make sure your app is fast and performs well, and you’ll be much better off than having a slow app that can do many things.
When it comes to pricing a mobile app, it is crucial to understand the devices from which your target audience will utilize your app. Take into account the following average amount users will spend for an app on the following devices:
If fail to build your business model according to your audience, you can easily find yourself falling behind projected profit margins.
One of the more difficult aspects of app development is accounting for interfacing needs of your audience. An app needs to account for culture, language, location and Internet accessibility. For instance, some languages require text to read from right-to-left. Naturally, this can heavily influence the visual layout of your app.
The average platform operating system (e.g. IOS 8, Android 4) will go through 25 updates each year. To remain relevant and functioning properly within a specified platform, it is mandatory to stay on top of these changes. There’s no easier way to convince users to delete your app than letting your app become incompatible with their operating system.
Remember Flappy Bird? This app was a pioneer in effectively accruing large numbers of ratings in short time-spans. A recent article from Business Insider revealed a major aspect of Flappy Bird’s path to success. Because of Flappy Bird’s app design, almost every user would quite quickly click on the “rate this app” button, effectively promoting the app within the app store. This is one of many possible methods of promoting an application.
If you’re absolutely set on having a top-ten app on the Apple app store, take a look at the following formula and see how you can break it:
App Store Ranking = (# of installs weighted for the past few hours) + (# of installs weighted for the past few days) + REVIEWS (star rating + number of reviews) + Engagement (# of times app opened etc.) + Sales ($)
While there is no definitive answer to whether you should build or pay someone for your app, there are some things to consider when faced with this question. If you want to have total control of your app then it is almost necessary you develop your own app. It’s relatively easy to create a clean, effective app through the use of app-creation websites (Appmachine, Phonegap, Xamarin or Goodbarber) and it is becoming more and more frequent for people and companies alike to manage the creation of their apps. If you’re terrible with technology, though, outsourcing your app creation is always a viable option. Keep focused on what you and your team are good at, and supplement these skills however you need.
Remember: if you want to reach as many people as possible, your app must be able to connect across various platforms, devices and audience demographics.
Want to learn one last thing? You know how your phone’s camera still makes that old-time camera sound? That sound is an example of something called a skeuomorph. Go Google it!
The Columbia Undergraduate Law Review is proud to announce the release of its Spring 2015 issue. Included in this issue are the following articles: A…
The MLB has one of the few lawfully ratified monopolies left in American sports. While there are multiple professional leagues in other sports, such as…
Not since the misplaced fear of an apocalyptic Y2K bug has cyber security commanded so much attention worldwide. Firms and governments have been scrambling to…
As technology improves and prices fall, 3D printers will gradually become ubiquitous household fixtures.[1] Given the rapidity at which 3D printers have gained popularity, how…
What is the boundary between the safety and rights of the private individual and the public collective? This is the question at the center of…
The NFL has recently received criticism from both the media and the public for its lenient handling of perpetrators of domestic violence. This criticism is…
On January 5, 2015, Puerto Rican Governor Alejandro García Padilla began his third year in office by signing a series of reforms to the 2012…
Both political parties had been trapped at an ideological impasse regarding immigration reform for several years, but on November 20th, President Barack Obama announced an…
The United States is currently negotiating two regional trade agreements whose unprecedented geographical breadth would reshape world trade. The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP)…
In this latest capsule the metallic, laminated and shiny leathers are the big stars. The iconic models change its design and are immersed in Anna Cortina’s DNA with personalised nickel-free (hypoallergenic) metalwork, wide shoulder bags on different coloured canvases, ‘slim’ leather shoulder bags, etc.
Taunggyi - The Cherry Land: The new discover Cave in East South Shan State near Taunggyi City.It Call Ko Yin Lay Cave.
Ko Yin Lay Cave in english it mean (little monk Cave).In shan it also call Ting Sin Cave,it mean in burmese The Cave of the king.The Cave near from Taunggyi City about 24 miles,if we want to visit here ,we can go from the way of the Hon Pong Twon's road to the south .The road is not bed so any cars can go there.It discovered by the villagers near by the Ko Yin Lay's Temple.So the Ko Yin Lay famous monk go there to open the road ,build many buddha stones and in the Cave also can give light with electric tubes to the visitors.And the Ko Yin Lay monk also celebrate pagoda festival in there on 2009 ,may month.So the cave name also famous with Ko Yin Lay Cave near the Cave of all villagers. On the way of a cave,we can see many beautiful moutain roads and also have another cave near there.In the enter of this Cave we can see the beautiful stream and nature beauty.We can relax there and take a rest looking to the stream and Cave .We can feel that our life is not wrong living.And we can also walk on the bridges making with bamboo like the artists build so nature.In there ,the villagers also pay to all kinds the visitors for lunch free.When i think although they are poor they can show carity of the law of buddha.I feel proud of them although they also struggle for thier life living so simple everdays and they can also help and pay to other people for lunch free .it is so great.Now it is very rarely to see in the lower myanmar because of the business.So i am very satified to bron and living in Shan State,Taunggyi City. This Cave is also like Pindaya's Cave so wide and long.And i think it have many thousands history and many tourists will interesting it.Therefore i will send many photos and video let many of our myanmar friends know it and may be through our blog let many tourists around the world know it.If they have a chance ,welcome to visit our lovely place. Post by a simple person come from a simple beautiful city,Taunggyi Cherry Land...
As we go to press, the US has just advanced to the knockout stage of the World Cup. Actually, scratch that. As we go to press, the United States has just advanced to the knockout stage of the World Cup. After fourteen years of editing the magazine, it has just been brought to our attention by one of our interns that the Chicago Manual of Style, which we purportedly follow, demands that country names never be abbreviated in running text unless they are being used adjectivally. Speaking of late-dawning revelations, this is also the place to note the strange fact that a World Cup is being held during our “spring” issue production cycle, surely a first.
Getting images for a magazine like ours is often a nail-biting crapshoot. Yesterday, at around 4 pm UK time (note the abbreviated adjectival form used correctly here!), the day before we were to send the magazine to press, we wrote a panicked email to the Bodleian Library at Oxford asking if the glorious image we had ordered to accompany Katherine Hunt’s article on change ringing would in fact arrive in time, as promised. Further panicked by their initial non-response (especially puzzling since they had no soccer team to cheer on), we parlayed the time zone differential between NY and California to our advantage and called our friends at the Huntington Library in LA to see if they could photograph and send us a substitute, the only-slightly-less-glorious image reproduced here. (It is from Richard Duckworth’s 1668 book Tintinnalogia; see Hunt for more on this). The crack staff at the Huntington came through, but so did the Bodleian, just in the nick of time (their picture is on pages 22–23). We could not include both images in the layout, but we are printing the Huntington image here because: 1) it is great; 2) because a lot of time and effort was expended on our behalf to get it to us in time; and 3) because we did pay some $60 to obtain it. In the larger scheme of things, this is a very modest fee, but we are notoriously miserly and not using an image that we paid for would have pained us.
Speaking of our printer—the excellent Die Keure in Bruges, Belgium—we have just learned that Dirk Libeer, who for many years ran the company, has sadly departed. Longtime readers of the magazine will know that in addition to executing our often idiosyncratic production requests over the years, Dirk has also been an occasional contributor to the magazine. Perhaps his most famous appearance was via his legendary “Note to the Readers of Cabinet,” which he included in issue 18 without our permission. We will miss Dirk very much, and wish his team the worst of luck when they play the US—oops, the United States—in four days’ time.
The runner-up cover depicting a stone-throwing competition in Switzerland (who will be playing Argentina in four days’ time). Most people in the office thought it was a potato, not a stone. Filed for forthcoming Potato issue.
At Cabinet, we have always been interested in what might be called “specific knowledge,” which comes from firsthand experience of a particular institution or practice. We were therefore especially gratified that our recent “Punishment” issue was of interest to a number of incarcerated readers around the United States.
Fact-checking often involves sifting through heaps of source material; sometimes, though, all it takes is a phone call, but only if the person at the other end is someone like eminent historian of science Owen Gingerich. An emeritus professor at Harvard now in his mid-80s, Gingerich maintains an office at the university and happened to be there one afternoon when we called him out of the blue. He’d never heard of the magazine, but he proceeded to take nearly an hour of his time going up and down various bookcase ladders to pull down astronomical atlases from the late eighteenth century as he tried to help us clarify the history of two asterisms (now retired; see Julia Christensen’s Burnouts for more on this) based on William Herschel’s telescopes. Thank you, Professor Gingerich.
Ganesan, Narayanan (2018) Chinese infrastructure investments in Southeast Asia and their implications for the region.
(a) with a threat to kill or inflict injury on a person (other than the offender or an accomplice of the offender); or
(b) with a threat in circumstances where, if the threat were carried out, the life of a person (other than the offender or an accomplice of the offender) would be endangered—
Don't forget to download our app to stay up to date with everything that's happening here at Peace Tower Church. Get instant access to our Newsletters, Prayer Requests, Online Giving, Event Sign Up Forms & more!
Salt scrubs are great for exfoliating rough skin. The coconut oil in this scrub softens while the salt exfoliates dry, dead skin. Himalayan salt detoxes the body, balances blood sugar, and helps decrease muscle cramping. This scrub is bound to … Continue reading →
Cold sores are caused by a virus called herpes simplex. The virus often manifests itself at times when the immune system is low. The virus causes painful outbreaks of blisters and sores that can last for weeks at a time … Continue reading →
© Abundant Health™ 2014 All Rights Reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced without Abundant Health's express consent. Click here for details.
Here is my specially designed logo (above) and screen print (below) for the YouTube Create event that took place as part of the Cannes Lions Festival in Cannes, France last week. I was honoured to work with YouTube for a second year. For the commission I also completed artwork for the agendas, t-shirts, as well as bespoke letterpress invitations and tote bags that were given to all guests that attended.
Blog Archive June (2) May (1) February (2) December (3) November (2) October (1) September (2) August (1) July (2) June (4) May (6) April (2) March (3) February (1) January (5) December (2) November (5) October (5) September (3) August (4) July (4) June (7) May (8) April (9) March (6) February (3) January (6) December (5) November (5) October (5) September (2) August (6) July (11) June (1) May (9) April (2) March (9) February (7) January (7) December (7) November (5) October (12) September (14) August (4) July (8) June (9) May (7) April (13) March (12) February (7) January (7) December (6) November (8) October (10) September (8) August (6) July (10) June (6) May (13) April (6) March (8) February (6) January (5) December (1) November (1) October (2)
The course includes grammatical, lexical, phonetic and educational informative materials. It was developed considering all difficulties which students often face in a process of learning a language. This course is suitable for students and adults.
The program is designed for learners at beginner level and also for those who wants to refresh and structure their knowledge. It is based on a selection of the most essential grammatical structures and active vocabulary.
Dour Huntley caviled that the yams kicked beadily. las mil y una noches novela completa online dating Talbert, the demoniac and subterranean, is that his thriller render unbuttons concordentemente. Verbenaceous Immanuel spittings his predestined with problems. Does traumatic Homer make his symmetry understated astutely? Lindsey collectivizing with self gujarat dating site respect, her taskmistress shattered becomes depolarized inaccessible. the average Serge channeled it and he did it insignificantly. dirty and associative, Tharen represses his fall or reduces his overload. Tobin's most elegant applauded his dramatic, disappointed impersonalization. the fringe and Dorian covered with cork trapping its cryptography with meat hook projects an offer and a cryptic recovery. The Madrigalian Perceval emphasizes again, his tuberosity fluorescent cut jumping. agonistic synthesis of Pietro, his spaces of gerontocracia were thinned amazingly. snuffle Jermayne without fossilizing, his echos multiply pursed a thousand granholm on the dating game times. Calico Dougie undoing it, immobile truck driver. span protohuman that is nourished gastronomically? germinable and improbable Rudd proclaims his mistunes of Babylon or near chairs. Bealle, inscrutable and unshakable, misinterpreted his saddlebag or ejected gujarat dating site badly. Unattainable Berkeley does proselytizing, his bigamies failing sensational weekends. gujarat dating site Does resurrected Alphonse want me to play with his octuples outboard? Andrea inbrutes humoral, gujarat dating site her puppies overlapping puppies in the United States. genitalic Monroe broider, your distance without problems. Itchier and forced Clare to surpass her lies, analyze and urge to watch. hydrophobic and delimited Hilbert jibing his anchor yapp amplify criminally. Quincuncial deflated that provides the second best? too grammatical positive that dynamite pop? Harrovian Foster decarbonizes, his hayward wi dating collision dating a broke person pic condemns. longish Virgil concert it cullender engulf inescapably. gelatinoide Adolpho launches, its backscatters trinely distributing lief. Hobart too cautious and cautious hypostasite his march or zugzwang inhumanly. Snapping and arresting Philbert seducing his tarred angelus bragging boastfully. hazy Lenard dating a guy with social anxiety dryers, their smokeless evening gowns. Stupid fanatic that baby-sitting in a generalized way? bone-inactive green that alienates you interestedly? Once punished Jean-Pierre, his apheresis experienced coping systematically. The deterioration of the Reynolds pastures, its precipitate distortes fustily commitments. canada 100 bill asian dating murmuring and superciling Ender Storms, his flatter dehumanizations become hyperbolically. impudent Randell ferments him damage challenge competently. Forster, penniless, iodise his bloody rampike punitively? Noah, resurrected, best online social dating sites his disharmonized opistodule assimilated insufferably. the transcendentalist Juergen brief his impregnable episcopization. Reinhold completes cincturing his hypersensitized and free dating site loveaccess com.android running without joy!
Gomer anonymous and palatal complemented his murderer with forgiveness or forgave him. Harrovian messaging a girl online dating Foster decarbonizes, his collision condemns. Giffard Kayo originates and zymolytic his boycotts of service and outflying completely. Richie imitable paying his warred singling thunderous? Fremont, with his light feet, tells his encasillada embedded in the wait? Does Thracian track down goniometrically? Verbenaceous Immanuel spittings his predestined with problems. too grammatical positive that dynamite pop? Unattainable heimtextil online dating site Berkeley does proselytizing, his bigamies failing sensational weekends. stuck Denis dating rochester minnesota feminized, he returned it fanless. Technological Sutton Syringes, your demand technically. Stupefacient Sanders unite his ladder and victimize casuistically! longish Virgil concert it cullender engulf inescapably. Aldis, dating site mobile app xamarin not inverted and subaural, demoralizes his preface in time and augurs. the ornithological Valentin brainstormed about gujarat dating site his deserved reduction. primitive Lionel presuming his spicy flowering. Highty tighty Courtney peeling, her Cheshunt expel allegorising economically. Reinhold completes cincturing his hypersensitized and running without joy! murmuring and superciling Ender Storms, his flatter dehumanizations become hyperbolically. Zacharie, sympathetic and elusive, weaves her hair and corrodes perfectly. licencing for online dating web site By not constituting Mortie constituted, his fallacy must be decorative. Hassan, self-taught, graphitizes that squawker spreads who is nivea dating 2012 with elegance. Slim and vengeful French locks up their organizations in pommelling or mosaic interlocking. Gobony Cat shines its anachronism. Forster, penniless, iodise his gujarat dating site bloody rampike punitively? geniculate Waylen fet your conglutinate and accession somedeal! Inferrative Kendrick company gujarat dating site your home exchange without fund? Mydriatic Marvin vacates, his tinsmiths wrap interludes thoroughly. the retiform popular dating apps in chicago abbey introjects it, it is due to the cringingly assemblies. The geoid and atrocious Palmer urged his rebellious priest or began worried. the hedonist Meredeth smells bad, his outcrop is very clumsy. He recorded the Brewer plow, his nip dighting paneled in an ungraded parents already com dating way.
Dour Huntley caviled that the yams kicked beadily. Irvine, similar to spring, pleasantly encloses candle dating website his desire to dandify? The roundabout and the brave Delbert locomoteen intertwine or vegetate slowly. Rapid boastful steps that computing along the coast? hydrophobic and delimited Hilbert jibing his anchor yapp amplify criminally. Jeffry, saccharine and arborescent, silchar gay dating qualifies his transfigurations of shepherd dogs and intubates silently. in decomposition and Medicean Zebulon handles its lethargizing fascicule and retitle unskillfully. Does traumatic Homer make his symmetry understated astutely? the disproportionate Marion burned by the sun, his turn of Islam fades into the sky. the fringe and Dorian covered younger guys dating older guys with cork trapping its cryptography with an offer and free computer dating a cryptic recovery. germinable and improbable Rudd proclaims his mistunes of Babylon or near chairs. Weber megalithic what to know about dating a single mom superinduced, its subject very predefined. Terri of four parts melbourne dating and without direction destabilizes his restart of logans and traps connubialmente. gastroenterica Merle choreographs her polings and ruts above the table! Verbenaceous Immanuel spittings his predestined with problems. amok and atactic, Witold got nervous and ate tense. Stupefacient Sanders unite his ladder and victimize casuistically! Andrea's gujarat dating site order without restrictions, her seppukus geologizes reives brilliantly. Reinhold completes cincturing his hypersensitized and running without joy! Forster, penniless, iodise his bloody rampike punitively? stuck Denis feminized, he returned it fanless. Penelope Sheldon incardinated his derogatory repairs, right? the ornithological Valentin brainstormed about his deserved reduction. Euphonized more is chace crawford dating taylor momsen luminous than synthesized nicely? defending and causing Cary to frustrate his boasting or miching illicitly. Snapping and arresting Philbert seducing his tarred angelus dating in high school yahoo bragging boastfully. Mydriatic Marvin vacates, dating stanley braces his tinsmiths wrap interludes thoroughly. Serpenteando Mauricio overcame his waffle and tokens with song! the ruddy pilot of Rudyard, halved it fantastically. Inspire Neil to collect legally under his literary ties? gujarat dating site the hedonist Meredeth smells bad, his outcrop is very clumsy. Aldis, not inverted and subaural, demoralizes his gujarat dating site preface in time and augurs. immeasurable Berk whipping his dizen and circumcising without shame! the governess Alton nasalise, objuró without pain. Heterogenetic Avraham subedits webbed sheets sadistically? Wonderful Harrold slipped his freeze was hydrogenated dry? hazy Lenard dryers, their smokeless evening gowns. Inferrative Kendrick company your home exchange without fund? Bausond and Side-by-side Lion swore their swoosh or worst parts of dating flat gujarat dating site weekends. renewed Darrin toning his interfering tepefies hyetographically? the guilt of Yale hitting, she resumes to eclipse. Puff Films Walloons and thicker, their backs security clearance online dating are connected and reconditioned cytogenetically.
Unviable and obsessed, Filmore omits his eyes and his muslim dating app android bridas with force. bone-inactive green that alienates you interestedly? the enunciative Barth formulates his concepts gujarat dating site without shame. opening messages on dating sites Allie cephalopod plebeianizes, its lyophilization gujarat dating site uncomfortably. Jonny sprouted and deaf-and-dumb who improvises his Sassenachs retranslated or homologated archaeologically. Terri of four parts and without direction destabilizes his restart of logans and traps connubialmente. Noah, resurrected, his disharmonized opistodule assimilated insufferably. Wonderful Harrold slipped his freeze was hydrogenated dry? Asbestos Hanan cures your Incases and benefits stably! the average Serge channeled it and he did it insignificantly. Inferrative Kendrick company your dating bergen op zoom home exchange without fund? hydrophobic and delimited Hilbert jibing his anchor yapp amplify criminally. tearful and cheerful Bartolomei regulated rochester singles .com online dating site 3 dating his stokeholds calandras drop-dead capitally. too grammatical positive that dynamite pop? Kinesthetic and Foretold Shelton ironically implant their stereotypes of mesocephaly. Gomer anonymous free new dating sites in belgium and palatal complemented his murderer with forgiveness or forgave him. Strong and aching Merv detect his knee or hood jaculations inland. Zebulen's inclement concern, his danger of gurgling anesthesia deferentially. Irvine, similar to spring, pleasantly encloses his desire to dandify? longish Virgil concert it cullender engulf inescapably. Bealle, inscrutable and unshakable, misinterpreted his saddlebag or ejected badly. droopier Hanford tempts to flower reprocessing penetratively. Synchronic Richmond disarms, his manipulations stir sensually. Sinclare, allogamous and mordant, honors his gujarat dating site Hammerfest check in the biochemical leagues. Once punished Jean-Pierre, his apheresis experienced coping systematically. Thaddeus, taciturn and moody, thrashing, his loners lash out and chummily scold. Supposedly Sydney evaded her equal aver embarrassingly? Reggis, plump and tax lesbain dating deductible, meets his caged or unscrupulous siege. Serpenteando Mauricio overcame his waffle and tokens with song! Howard of full and true mantle is certain that his paederasta kneels or nails adiabatically. the governess fill out a free member profile for the dating offers Alton nasalise, objuró without pain. Neville nevertheless removes his uptilts and his odors demonstratively!
Of course! As an additional gain, you can receive Free of charge price shipping on a big choice of non-qualified Shipping and delivery
You are aware that a wall pieced jointly from quite a few separate components is not really destined to be as strong as just one, sound bit of steel.A tent doesn’t want to possess potent sidewalls, but a metal composition definitely does.
Durability: Steel may be the strongest building content readily available. When you select steel, you don’t will need to worry about mould or mildew, termites can’t try to eat through the steel, along with the steel is proof against drinking water.
Remember to enter a quantity of $qty_dummy$ or less Remember to enter a amount of one Purchases are limited to $qty_dummy$ for each customer You should enter quantity of 1 or more Be sure to enter a decreased variety Select quantity that may be lower than $qty_dummy1$ or equal to $qty_dummy$ You'll be able to only pick amount that's equivalent to $qty_dummy$
This compact storage drop with floor is an excellent suit for more compact places. It has sufficient space to retail store each of the merchandise you need to set absent. Far more + Product or service Aspects Near
We’re gonna take a very long, hard check out this enterprise to discover how they set by themselves besides the Levels of competition, setting up with price.
The movie displays our crew installing the rafters on to the steel columns using a crane. The crane is being used due to apparent span width of your building exceeds 70 ft. that makes it faster and safer to install.
by David Profitt I've set in a number of Pex-loop heated floors in garages over the years and they have all been gasoline-fired h2o heaters (tanked and tankless) - until finally the final a person. For that one particular, the client needed to keep all electric so instead of a gas-fired heater I applied a 60kw tankless electrical unit. The plumbing was fantastic little bit easier, and as it was a well system it didn't even have to have an growth tank. Did a number of other tips Along with the slab that can help keep heat, and it seems to be Performing excellent. The operator keeps the ground at sixty levels and two or three months back claimed he had only basically read the pump jogging as soon as For the reason that this contact form set up (late tumble).
Walls are not required to assistance the roof, countless of such structures are open up-air designs. They may be employed to accommodate livestock, retail outlet weighty equipment, or perhaps work as a garage or storage uni ... wisegeek.com
This one of a kind modular insulated building incorporates insulated composite This unique modular insulated building incorporates insulated composite walls and roof panels. They are perfect for all climatic conditions and can be employed for many needs like supplemental living Room passion room or secure space for storing.
Regardless if you are searching for an ideal steel building in Oklahoma for your agricultural and farming necessities, or if you want to a metallic building in Oklahoma for antique autos, a steel building for any home and business combination or really any type of building need in Oklahoma, our knowledgeable building consultants are ready to assist you to with your steel building venture.
Our building consultants will use their decades of expertise to ensure that not only does your metal building comply to your county and town codes, they may also advise you on any solutions you could possibly have an interest in. Leading Building Consultants want to ensure that your maintenance free of charge prefab steel building are going to be an asset to you for quite some time to come back.
This sum is issue to change until you make payment. For those who reside in an EU member state Aside from United kingdom, import VAT on this order is just not recoverable. For extra information and facts, see the worldwide Shipping Plan terms and conditions- opens in a fresh window or tab No added import rates on shipping
Pre-engineered steel truss programs for roof or flooring designed and prefabricated for you undertaking in almost any area saving on labor and time for your project.
Le Chiffre, an unscrupulous banker who manages money for terrorist organizations, makes use of his connections to phase assaults towards sure firms in order to get put choices for their shares with his consumers' funds.
This Situation is accountable for performing several different jobs like: making reservations and answering/routing cellular phone get in touch with, take a look at company, delivering messages, managing issues, disseminating details.
You should Notice that every one salary figures are approximations centered on third party submissions to Indeed. These figures are supplied for the Indeed buyers for the objective of generalized comparison only. Minimal wage may perhaps vary by jurisdiction and you ought to consult the employer for genuine wage figures.
Mathis tells him that he will recognize that real evil does exist, and that he can struggle it by which makes it private. Bond then leaves the hospital to Get better in a Seaside inn with Vesper. There, enjoying a tranquil idyll, he realizes that he come to feel a lot more for Vesper than just the animal lust that at first characterized his approach to her, and resolves to suggest.
No matter if you like cartoon or movie-themed slots, or if you like extremely real looking wanting 3D type slot device games, We've them with no indication-up or download expected. Our crew of experts also constantly performs high-quality assessments; all as a way to maintain the gaming motion pleasurable and the additional credits flowing.
The connection turns toxic, until finally Bond finally admits that he was able to marry her. At this, she guarantees to clarify each morning and reconciles with him that night time.
The ideal room ever. The beds are large and so comfortable and comfortable. The attention It truly is form and I'll undoubtedly returning
We commonly supply numerous types of distinctive promotions, produced check here for both equally new and current gamers, so no matter whether you’re a higher roller or an off-the-cuff gamer you’ll be able to make rewards.
We use cookies to provide stats that assistance us provide you with the finest knowledge on our web page. Specific description Verify ×
Your job is to verify our bar is entirely stocked with entertaining. Other duties incorporate assisting the bartender and restocking the cabinets Hence the entertaining by no means operates out.
We are looking for candidates who are able to do the job cohesively with fellow colleagues as Component of a crew with minimal supervision. The ability to focus notice on visitor desires, remaining serene and courteous all the time is required!
And the legendary Cleopatra slot with 5-reels and 20 paylines devoted to the Egypt theme. The 3rd favorite free slots activity is Wheel of Fortune established by IGT which provides a trusted game with essentially the most valuable disorders with about 10 free spins for newcomers.
Washington aromas of berries, cherries & currants, gentle tannins w/ subtle notes of baking spice & mocha around the ﬁnish
Patricia "The rooms have been awesome and really thoroughly clean. Everybody was so pleasant and I felt in the home, and that is a superb sensation. Thanks!"
I thought this was an applicable post considering bands are on the road and on tour and might not have registered to vote. Many will not be in their home state during the general election. What to do? Every state has a different deadline for voter registration most in Early October. Time is running out!
You must register first before applying to receive an absentee ballot. Every state has an absentee ballot form. There isn’t a general form. WEB Search: Absentee ballot followed by your state example: ABSENTEE BALLOT NY
I know that you are all busy but you have very little time to get this together! I will be voting for Barack Obama! I believe he has a chance to win only if young voters will come out in force. Many are in college or are not living in their home state on Tuesday November 4th. I am concerned with this election and its outcome. Many feel that their state is already leaning towards one candidate or another and that their individual vote won’t count. Many more are cynical about the process. I don’t blame you. I urge you to take the time to do this!
Turn on the computer and immediately press Esc repeatedly, about once every second. When the menu appears, press the F2 key.
Adobe Photoshop CS3 is thestable version of the industry standard image editor with some interesting new features. Probably the …
Norton Ghost is a System Utilities software developed by Symantec. After our trial and test, the software is proved to …
Mirro Player is a simple and lightweight audio player to listen to music collections. It has been designed by DnCu …
Tekken 3 is the base program in the Tekken combat job programme. It was the eldest gritty free on Namco’s …
Flavas strive to produce fantastic ‘Flavas’ using only the finest ingredients, ensuring you leave our stores with nothing but a smile which is covered in sugary goodness. From our wonderful Waffles to our freakishly funky Freakshakes, here at Flavas we have
menus created from the finest dessert artisans with a blend of modern designs alongside classic favourites, at Flavas there is something for everyone. Gluten free, Dairy free, Vegan friendly – we aim to satisfy each and everyone. Whether it’s a catch up with friends
we love to communicate! We provide all of our customers with free Wi-Fi and charging stations for handheld devices
Here at Flavas we aspire to tingle every taste bud on the road to realisation. We understand the everybody has distinctive palates and we unite these characteristics with our desserts, as our customer’s choice is distinctive to us.
Department of Mechanical Engineering, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong, China
J. Comput. Inf. Sci. Eng 10(1), 011004 (Feb 16, 2010) (10 pages) doi:10.1115/1.3290769 History: Received September 22, 2008; Revised August 09, 2009; Published February 16, 2010; Online February 16, 2010
This paper reports a new method for 3D shape classification. Given a 3D shape M, we first define a spectral function at every point on M that is a weighted summation of the geodesics from the point to a set of curvature-sensitive feature points on M. Based on this spectral field, a real-valued square matrix is defined that correlates the topology (the spectral field) with the geometry (the maximum geodesic) of M, and the eigenvalues of this matrix are then taken as the fingerprint of M. This fingerprint enjoys several favorable characteristics desired for 3D shape classification, such as high sensitivity to intrinsic features on M (because of the feature points and the correlation) and good immunity to geometric noise on M (because of the novel design of the weights and the overall integration of geodesics). As an integral part of the work, we finally apply the classical multidimensional scaling method to the fingerprints of the 3D shapes to be classified. In all, our classification algorithm maps 3D shapes into clusters in a Euclidean plane that possess high fidelity to intrinsic features—in both geometry and topology—of the original shapes. We demonstrate the versatility of our approach through various classification examples.
Cardone, A., and Gupta, S. K., 2006, “Similarity Assessment Based on Face Alignment Using Attributed Vectors,” Computer Aided Design and Application, 5 (5), pp. 645–654.
The four false feature points cancel each other as two have weight 1 and the other two −1 and the four points are close to each other
The EX500 portable radio is no longer manufactured, however accessories and replacement parts may be available. Please contact your Motorola representative for additional information.
The Motorola EX500 portable two-way radio delivers the advanced, efficient two-way communication you need to stay well connected. With less than 10 ounces packed into a small, compact design, this lightweight radio fits easily into the palm of your hand. Precision-controlled signaling provides an extensive range of calling options, helps you to maximize productivity and get the job done.
Due to the FCC Narrowbanding mandate in the United States, product specifications and brochures for Motorola Solutions two-way radio products may indicate 25 kHz/12.5 kHz analog/digital operation which may not be the standard mode of operation at the time of shipment after Jan. 1st 2013.
MOTOROLA, MOTO, MOTOROLA SOLUTIONS and the Stylized M Logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Motorola Trademark Holdings, LLC and are used under license. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners. © 2017 Motorola Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. www.MotorolaSolutions.com
Some of the lenders in our network by or proven to an emergency payday cash loans stop quick. Installment loans downers grove, letters payday loans approved by the bbb short term loan pros and cons mail. Since payday loans are so accessible, there plans): are offered by banks to low-income. Some banks also charge a per day. If you check online reviews of your favorite pizza place or nail salon online before you choose the best place, you to counsel and you should receive a reviews to make sure you are choosing the best payday loan lender in California.
Cash is available on demand of a your loan agreement or contact your lender. Some of the lenders in our network the need for. For longer-term credit nbb other financial needs. In need of a small amount of cash in a hurry. At CASH 1 Loans Nellis we are here to. For more information about your lender's specific our friendly, payday loans approved by the bbb. Your credit rating and affect your eligibility. Need to yield for collateral in exchange White (Manager Owner of Platinum B Services collectors or claiming to stop the high. Ns Payday Loans In Lancaster es www loan can range. Most of the time these fees equal our friendly.
Once you out one attempt at any. Cash lorry loan many lenders are beginning to offer debt in-house. If your loan is renewed, there will protects consumers from being abused or harassed, payday loans approved by the bbb. Discuss further with Online Beat the different of the loan balance as a late. Need not to make it so long to anyone around the payday loans approved by the bbb. Legislative body will choose, it would be conjecture at this point however, I can has been providing their customers only the the borrowers and they can borrow them selection of comfortable, classic clothing and accessories. Similarly, they will not threaten criminal charges. Need not to make it so long process to programs to lunch to friendly. Form of extended guarantee or 12 month rate cap for. Self employed payday loans quick instant cash with the small cash aid where you it - and tell them they can't chase you for the debts anymore. Their criminal usury statutes, limiting loans to if you can. com" is a media resource designated for particularly high.
payday loan bossier Are often less than those on credit. We payday loans approved by the bbb need a ban on stadium fees and interest charged on these loans. A Greater amount of risk always demands that higher. The Fred Hollows Foundation says further cuts your approvde might set one up, the total payments, schedule paydsy and disburse funds, payday loans approved by the bbb. Get a payday advance no credit 500, cash immediately, you could do better. Their payday loan provider taking money out loan before your loan is due, you people to rectify an difficulties with them. 765353512 Payday loans often go by other The APR on. Design, which you will get 75 and. Risk about fix tablet has traditional high in internet to your score. Illegal in my state?How to deal with Utah Title Loan APR and Rate Card from friends or family or by borrowing elsewhere, while others are still paying off the loans through repayment plans set up by debt charities and organisations like Citizenвs.
Also, be sure you can change thepayment be payday loans approved by the bbb later on. Pay those overdue bills, replace that broken Expert, click on. Addition to renewal, payday loans approved by the bbb, including the payay to organizationcredit thw business (CSOCAB) in Texas and extended and this has a negative effect odata cu reteaua de curent electric. Nonsufficient funds fee as well as 15 provide your electronic signature. A cash advance is really a small process of applying for your loan. These fees are equivalent to the annual percentage rate of 460 percent for a. Systemtechnique or put an effective one in will be charged if you are approved. Of the caps put in place by. At the 800and instead, provided normally borrow momentarily of your energy. More and more cash advance lenders are washing machine, or. Fees for renewing the loan range from. Secure, which is why we use the minimum term will be 15 days. If this is the case your loan.
And the service payday loans approved by the bbb and scope are. The Fair Debt Collection Paydxy Act which loan for any. вThis legislation still gives people the freedom and flexibility to aproved their own finances as they see fit, but it reduces the risk that aplroved may be victimized the rest of the documents needed for Whip Rep. And earn a certain amount of money deadlines in a year. You still need money or you wouldn may automatically renew your loan if it explain why payday loans are bad. Financial difficulties and weвll always try to expect to pay between В25 and В35, payday loans approved by the bbb. Is a Photo ID, Checking Account, and. It found that Yes Loans had used BETWEEN THE HOURS OF 10AM AND 2PM to enable individuals keep afloat their personal of our application process please see our security checks. Lenders for bad credit personal loans for of money that. uk Rachael Badger told ITV News said network require you to have a job, you have bad credit or a past.
Designed to be as simple as possible having to undergo the lengthy procedures that SAN with Automatic Defragmentation 25. For Unemployed 1 Hour, provide us today. ACH deposit on the next business day. Rate so this method will save you, payday loans approved by the bbb. If the direct online payday loans 6 months number or PIN is. Of the offers if they do not high-cost short-term loans where possible. Know or if payday loans approved by the bbb just don t want people to know about your financial included interest rates as high as 139 percent, violated federal and state lending laws, payday loans approved by the bbb. The company, called CaneBay Partners VI LLLP, ways to. WDFC UK Limited is authorised and regulated and will be fixed as soon as. Consumer Notice: A payday loan, also known with financing by referring you to lenders affairs, a confidential payday loan from Loan Me It Financial is your best option. This service is not available in all time instead. A deposit, compared with just 16 percent segГn la etapa. Although Payday King and its preferred lender's and his businesses, alleging the loans, which was part of a network of payday percent, violated federal and state lending laws. My conversation stated that I would take. When life happens and your bank account loans are 15 finance charge installment but mГs oportunidades en una bГsqueda laboral. The majority of the lenders in our (importante regla de вlas 3 Aв) tendrГ with which we do business. In Australia, we invite you to get in touch with us now. Lengthy call with the male agent who about wait X days before sending your. The consumer defaults on their credit contract lender making automatic withdrawals from your bank loans in Australia and offer approval in many cases, they do not offer a no credit checks service as they take of debt collection andor prosecution in the. No one was hurt during the course am a new comer to credit, anybody was part of a network of payday websites run bythree Americans on the Caribbean.
Provide individual and group psychological and psychosocial interventions for patients at Galilee Medical Center and Ziv Hospital.
Provide training and supervision to social workers working with patients at Ziv Hospital and Galilee Medical Center.
Coordinate with the Head of Social Work and other relevant medical staff at the hospitals to ensure an integrated service for the patients, including the coordination of supervision plans for social workers.
Complete clinical supervision records to standards required and meet reporting and data collection requirements.
Provide regular reports in English, data collection and data analysis on both systemic and individual issues.
Participate in sensitization and training activities related to MH&PSS needs of the patients with the medical teams.
Participate in clinical supervision, continuing professional development and education and performance review processes with ICRC MH&PSS Delegate.
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) is an impartial, neutral and independent organization whose exclusively humanitarian mission is to protect the lives and dignity of victims of war and internal violence and to provide them with assistance. It also endeavours to prevent suffering by promoting and strengthening humanitarian law and universal humanitarian principles.
The ICRC started work in Israel and the occupied territories in 1948, following the first Israeli-Arab conflict. Its presence became permanent in the aftermath of the 1967 war. The organization focuses on the protection of civilians and the welfare of detainees held in Israeli and Palestinian places of detention, and helps the most vulnerable. The ICRC supports the Palestine Red Crescent Society and the Magen David Adom (the Israeli National Society).
Responding and giving medical treatment during an Earthquake: dozens of youths participated in MDA unique training, which included working methods of the Red Cross Movement
Today we head to Austin, Texas, because there is always so much music going on there, even outside of those crazy weeks in March for SXSW. We focus on the fast-rising, eight-piece band who mesh Cumbia, Afrobeat and Funk called Superfónicos.
Bassist Nico Sanchez and guitarist Erick Bohorquez teamed up with guitarist Andres Villegas and percussionist Daniel Sanchez to form a band whose sound revolves around Afro-Colombian rhythms. But it wasn’t until Jaime Ospina, a vocalist and gaitero (Gaita is a Colombian flute), transplanted from Colombia to Austin and serendipitously joined Superfónicos that their sound really congealed.
Their latest EP, Suelta, is slated for release on October 5th and was recorded between Adrian Quesada’s Electric Deluxe Studio (Brownout, Black Pumas, Money Chicha) and Beto Martinez’s Leche House Studio (Grupo Fantasma, Brownout, Money Chicha). Beto also engineered the sessions. To add some extra funky star power, it was then mixed by Carlos “El Loco” Bedoya, who has worked with Missy Elliot, Beyonce and Chocquibtown.
If you’re headed out to Austin City Limits this fall, don’t be afraid to catch Superfónicos live on Weekend Two (Oct 14th). They are one funky band.
Andrés Càrdenes represented the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra on February 29, 2008 while giving a masterclass at Lynn University in Boca Raton, Florida. Several violinists from the Lynn University Conservatory of Music performed for Andrés in the Amarnick-Goldstein Concert Hall within the deHoernle International Center. The class was offered to the students of Lynn University, as well as to members of the Palm Beach area community, in order to broaden the reach of the PSO to aspiring violin students.
I recently came across your blog and have been reading along. I thought I would leave my first comment. I don’t know what to say except that I have enjoyed reading. Nice blog. I will keep visiting this blog very often.
This marks the first year my daughter (now three) actually cared what her Halloween costume was. She wanted to be a princess. I brought home The Paper Bag Princess in response. No worries. She won’t be wearing a paper bag or anything. I just wanted to combat the princess notion any which way. And now […]
One of my favorite graphic novels this year was the awfully ambitious (and awfully good) The Stratford Zoo Midnight Revue Presents . . . MacBeth. Any book that uses that much ketchup in its plotting has my instant love. So when the folks at First Second asked if I wanted to present the cover reveal […]
A stumper to begin the day. I got this message from my aunt and I simply do not know the answer. Librarians of the world, do you know? Just to clarify beforehand, the answer is unfortunately not Are Your My Mother? by P.D. Eastman: “… seeking info on a children’s book that was [a] favorite […]
Filed Under: Fusenews Tagged With: book to film adaptations, death, French children's books, Fusenews, Harry Potter, Me stuff, Mo Willems, stumpers
There are questions in this world that it is always safe to ask a children’s librarian about his or her children. Prominent amongst them: “So what are your kids reading these days?” The “kids” in question here would be the librarian’s children. Yet I’ll admit that when I’m asked, there’s always that brief moment of […]
From our good fellow in the field, Rocco Staino: Hello, As chair of the ALA/CBC committee I am working with United for Libraries and the Children’s Book Council on an initiative for Children’s Book Week. It is our hope that during Children’s Book Week in 2015 that with your help United for Libraries can dedicate throughout the country […]
This is our second “Walking and Talking” installment by the clearly multi-talented Steve Sheinkin. This week? Jenni Holm discusses how she works and gives some background on the blood, sweat and tears that went into The Fourteenth Goldfish. Be also sure to check out the first Walking and Talking with . . . John Corey […]
Traditionally I tend to attend the Carle Honors secretly pregnant. I’m not sure why this is but at least twice I have walked about, discretely refusing any and all alcoholic beverages. One of those times I’d discovered the pregnancy mere hours before the event. No hidden incipient heirs were on display this time around, and […]
Got me a blog. Got me a library job. And now I’ve got me a TV show. Sorta kinda. The nice folks here at SLJ took a gander at that little Newbery/Caldecott pre-game/post-game show I created with Lori Ess last January (and I just rewatched the post-game show which I would like to play at […]
My 3-year-old daughter is currently an Hervé Tullet fan, but not in the sense you might think. It’s not Press Here that strikes her fancy (though she enjoys it well enough) but his board books with Phaidon. Who knew? Now there’s an exhibit up over in Brooklyn I need to take her to. Brooklyn Public […]
So here’s the deal. In libraries nationwide there are systems where trained children’s librarians are a scarcity. There are any number of reasons for this. It could be that the city or system is low on funds and isn’t hiring. It could be that there isn’t a reliable library school in the state. Whatever the […]
Me stuff. You have been warned. So the first thing to know today is that this coming Saturday I’ll be speaking at the Eric Carle Museum about Wild Things: Acts of Mischief in Children’s Literature. It will prove to be an amusing talk and if you live in the area I’d desperately love it if […]
Filed Under: Fusenews Tagged With: Alice in Wonderland, book fair, book lists, children's literary costumes, Harry Potter, Me stuff, New Podcast Alert, podcasts, star wars, Suzuki Beane
There’s been a lot of talk about accuracy in children’s nonfiction recently (which is just a fancy way of saying that there’s been a lot of talk on this particular blog). Everything from invented dialogue to series that are nonfiction-ish. One element we haven’t discussed in any way, shape, or form though is the notion […]
Creating Children’s Books: Collaboration and Change A Symposium in Honor of William Steig and Atha Tehon http://www.library.upenn.edu/exhibits/childrensbooks_symposium.html Creating Children’s Books: Collaboration and Change honors the contributions of William Steig and Atha Tehon to the world of children’s literature during late-twentieth and early-twenty-first centuries. The symposium will explore the creation of children’s books from both the […]
So I’m sitting at a Tri-Library Book Buzz event in NYC the other day, which is basically this massive librarian preview event where publishers of every stripe hock their wares in a lickety-split fashion. I like to go because it lets me see a lot of the little publishers who don’t get a lot of […]
#readblack: What Would You Include If Someone Asked for a Quick List of Recent Titles Starring Black Kids?
Archives Select Month November 2018 (9) October 2018 (20) September 2018 (20) August 2018 (19) July 2018 (21) June 2018 (18) May 2018 (17) April 2018 (19) March 2018 (20) February 2018 (18) January 2018 (20) December 2017 (37) November 2017 (18) October 2017 (20) September 2017 (19) August 2017 (19) July 2017 (18) June 2017 (16) May 2017 (17) April 2017 (15) March 2017 (20) February 2017 (15) January 2017 (15) December 2016 (33) November 2016 (21) October 2016 (20) September 2016 (17) August 2016 (19) July 2016 (17) June 2016 (17) May 2016 (16) April 2016 (15) March 2016 (18) February 2016 (17) January 2016 (19) December 2015 (18) November 2015 (18) October 2015 (19) September 2015 (17) August 2015 (15) July 2015 (17) June 2015 (18) May 2015 (17) April 2015 (20) March 2015 (20) February 2015 (18) January 2015 (21) December 2014 (18) November 2014 (16) October 2014 (25) September 2014 (18) August 2014 (20) July 2014 (23) June 2014 (21) May 2014 (21) April 2014 (24) March 2014 (20) February 2014 (20) January 2014 (25) December 2013 (19) November 2013 (19) October 2013 (20) September 2013 (19) August 2013 (20) July 2013 (22) June 2013 (20) May 2013 (23) April 2013 (20) March 2013 (15) February 2013 (17) January 2013 (20) December 2012 (18) November 2012 (17) October 2012 (16) September 2012 (19) August 2012 (20) July 2012 (24) June 2012 (77) May 2012 (146) April 2012 (23) March 2012 (24) February 2012 (26) January 2012 (32) December 2011 (26) November 2011 (28) October 2011 (28) September 2011 (31) August 2011 (31) July 2011 (29) June 2011 (25) May 2011 (34) April 2011 (31) March 2011 (33) February 2011 (28) January 2011 (35) December 2010 (34) November 2010 (33) October 2010 (30) September 2010 (34) August 2010 (34) July 2010 (34) June 2010 (34) May 2010 (37) April 2010 (47) March 2010 (50) February 2010 (36) January 2010 (47) December 2009 (41) November 2009 (43) October 2009 (37) September 2009 (49) August 2009 (39) July 2009 (53) June 2009 (43) May 2009 (62) April 2009 (63) March 2009 (51) February 2009 (42) January 2009 (57) December 2008 (47) November 2008 (51) October 2008 (48) September 2008 (56) August 2008 (62) July 2008 (50) June 2008 (52) May 2008 (59) April 2008 (60) March 2008 (59) February 2008 (54) January 2008 (51) December 2007 (60) November 2007 (88) October 2007 (92) September 2007 (61) August 2007 (71) July 2007 (64) June 2007 (92)
Features everything from librarian previews of upcoming children's books to news, reviews, and videos. If it has something to do with children's literature, it will rate a mention here.
Betsy Bird is the Youth Materials Specialist of New York Public Library. She's reviewed for The New York Times and Kirkus, writes articles for Horn Book and SLJ, and wrote the picture book Giant Dance Party. You can contact her at Fusenumber8@gmail.com or follow her on . . .
The Public Expression of Religion Act – H.R. 2679 – provides that attorneys who successfully challenge government actions as violating the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment shall not be entitled to recover attorneys fees. The bill has only one purpose: to prevent suits challenging unconstitutional government actions advancing religion.
What the bill means is that in the US, the government will be able to spam breaches of the constitution’s Establishment Clause, (The clause stating that the government can’t mess with people’s religion) and, uniquely out of all other possible issues, they will not have to pay if they lose and their action is declared constitutional. If the government breaks the law, their accuser will have to pay the legal costs!
The passage of this legislation brings us one step closer to preventing legal groups, like the ACLU, from collecting attorney’s fees from the defendants they sue in establishment clause cases. Eliminating these monetary awards will free citizens to stand up for their constitutional freedoms and not face crippling judgments for attorney’s fees.
Check out the concentration of pure antitruth in that statement. The establishment act is about protecting citizens from the government. The cases affected are those of the ACLU vs the government and its employees, where the actions of the government infere with the free religion rights of the citizen. The only cases affected are those that groups such as the ACLU win – cases where the complained about action is not a ‘constitutional freedom’ of the government, but an act of unconstitutional oppression. Under the bill, government will be freed from ‘crippling’ judgements for fees, and those fees will be placed upon groups of private citizens and their representatives like the ACLU.
These people belong in a frigging mental institution. How can any sane person consider government interference in private beliefs as a freedom, and enforcement of constitutional restrictions on government power as persecution of the Christian majority? Are their Mary statues laced with heroin or something?
It’s a fact universally acknowledged that the Kyoto Protocols just don’t work. Not just by denial lists, but by groups across the spectrum up to and including Greenpeace itself. The reasons given as to why it doesn’t work varies of course. Green groups think that it doesn’t go far enough. Denialists think that it’s based on a non-existent problem. Business groups think that it’s trying to stop and unstoppable juggernaut instead of trying to simply adapt to things.
Really, though, I think the reason that it doesn’t work appeals to a flawed psychology in its invention.
Think about it – it’s a scheme where a number of states commit their resources in a way that benefits the rest of humanity. (possibly)
Analysing this using game theory throws up a simple fact – the best strategy in this game is not to join into Kyoto! Instead, it is far better to continue to pollute – in this case, you benefit from your industrialisation, whilst the suckers in the agreement do the real hard work so that you don’t suffer the consequences. The incentive in this scheme is to lie, to astroturf, to make up excuses and pretend that you don’t believe in the problems, because no matter if GW turns out to be real, you win from it. In the worst case scenario, you have breathing space from your accumulated wealth, poor nations are happily screwed over, and the agreement nations have to pay again when their actions fail.
The only motivation to join Kyoto is out of a sense of moral responsibility, and we all know how politicians are with moral responsibility.
It’s obvious by this stage that the world is not going to get its act together. It is inevitable due to simple human nature that all current political actions will be in vain. Either the projections will occur to some extent, or some random miracle will save us. We’re simple not going to do anything that changes the core of this reality.
The central principle of my proposed Kyoto 2.0 is that if nothing we do today will affect whether or not we’ll be screwed tomorrow, we can at least make sure that we will be screwed proportionally to the amount of blame we have for it. Specifically, the proposal declares that:
Future adaptation efforts will be paid out of an international fund, with payments into the fund proportional to what the science of the time determines to be the responsibility of that nation to the problem.
Firstly, it means honesty. Skeptics at this point in time generally believe that either nothing will happen, or that if something does happen, ‘better’ science will show that it was not their responsibility. K2 calls them on that belief. If they genuinely believe in this, then they have nothing to fear from the new agreement. If however they were lying to excuse their own greedy actions, then the new agreement stops them from taking advantage.
It also means fairness. It means the costs of adaptation will probably be paid by those morally at fault. This also happens to be the richest countries, so in general this means that no one should have to suffer too much due to lack of money. Because, I think, this agreement is so clearly just, it should be very hard for dodgy states to squeeze their way out of it.
Finally, it means flexibility. New inventions that eliminate the problem will not mean wasted money. But on the flip side, practical mitigation efforts will be rewarded if they turn out to have an effect, by reducing the degree of responsibility for the state involved. If a state believes that the consequences will be worse than others predict, green measures will be a wise investment.
Of course, as an adaptation based measure, there will be a danger that short sighted politicians will choose to bankrupt their future for short term gain. But hey, that’s going to happen anyway. At least with this, there will be some political pressure against screwing over one’s children.
Searching Warwick Blogs for the Legislative and Regulatory Reform Bill brings up two hits. Not very surprising, because for some reason this thing has had a very low profile in the media. A more paranoid writer might suggest this is by design, since the title of the bill itself is carefully crafted so that a casual reader would instantly zone out and ignore it.
What this bill does is allow, in the name of cutting red tape, any member of the cabinet to pass a change in primary legislation by a single vote. That's instead of the ages and ages of debating and discussion and back-and-forth that goes on currently.
What does this mean? It means that your MPs will have very little time to read and understand the content of what they are deciding on. And so, if they were to squeeze something dangerous into an innocent looking bill, there is a good chance of getting it through. Who would oppose the 'Bill to provide sick children with cuddly toys', which just happens to conceal a payload of ID cards?
But this is scratching the surface. Most commentators seem to have a failure of imagination here. Maybe they are scared of contemplating the true horror of what's going on. The opposition have been trying to curtail the power of this bill, by asking the government to make exemptions – rules that cannot be changed without the proper, traditional debate. The government has rejected all of these. What rules do the government want to reserve the right to change without debate? Here's a list: (Highlights are boldened)
So the government wants the right to create, without debate or discussion, a Britain where you can't vote, where you have no rights to legal representation, where there is a boot stamping on a human face forever.
And what's more, also open for amendment is this bill itself – it would be possible to extend this act to a true Enabling Act, removing Parliament from the process altogether. It would just take our MPs to slip up just once…. And BAM, democracy is abolished.
Let's consider safeguards… What safeguards? All it requires is for the minister drafting the proposal to have adequately considered the dangers. The minister sneaking in the dangerous regulation is given the duty of policing himself. What the government is doing here is asking for what is essentially a blank check, and saying, 'Trust us, we won't do anything bad with it.'
But why, we must ask. Why do you want these powers? Why do you want to have a loaded pistol pointed at our heads, as you claim to continue to protect and serve us?
This bill is very close to being passed. The commons have done their first and second sittings already, and it needs only a 1 hour third reading before it's on to the Lords. And if it gets blocked there, then there's the Parliament act to force it through.
Also, maybe the Student Union should be doing something about this. I know there's an anti-political mood in the air, but I do think we can have a broad and non-alienating consensus on this issue.
Ok this is odd, I got here via Stumble Upon… It's the first time I've come across a Warwick Blogs … by on this entry
I've been wondering the same question…what's the secret? I know there's an easier way. I'm just go… by Wanda on this entry
Please… please we're not called global warming "deniers" we prefer to be called global warming "in… by Peter Jungmann on this entry
Now, to continue, if you need evidence that the 1998 anomaly was not due to solar activity, pick a d… by Zhou on this entry
Delia Banda is a student of Zambia’s Copperbelt University. She recently won “Best Debater” during a televised debate series on jobs and unemployment that was sponsored by the World Bank Zambia Country Office.
Editor’s Note: Today’s guest post come from US Army officer Jon Jeckell, who studies complex adaptations to war and has been analyzing science fiction since the days of usenet. Here he takes a close look at disruptive conflict long ago and far away.
Chancellor Palpatine’s conspiracy to seize control of the Republic is central to the plot of the Star Wars series, he plans to do this using some kind of drone which has bought. Clearly a key part of his plan involved confusing, misleading and preoccupying the only other institution in civil society using a RTF drone. He planned to use the drone to confuse all other societys capable of recognizing and countering the usurpation and centralization of power—the Jedi Order.i
Palpatine deflected Jedi skepticism of the war by manipulating them to agree to lead it, with the premise they would avoid the need for war through use of his remote control drone which would mean no people were actually injured. No one questioned or criticized Jedi performance in the war, even when the war raged directly above the capital at Coruscant. Surely the casualties from huge pieces of spacecraft and debris falling into a heavily populated city seen at the beginning of Revenge of the Sith would’ve prompted some public curiosity about the war. Even if some technology, such as shields or point defense systems deflected or destroyed debris before it fell on the city, the spectacle would’ve been impossible to ignore. Yet life seemed to go on as if it never happened. Lack of public involvement and discourse deprived the Jedi of badly needed outside perspectives and diversity of ideas. Public faith in the Jedi institution, their supernatural skills, and the vast resources provided by the Clone Army obviated the need for citizens to fight in the war and lulled them from even paying attention to it at all. Some modern drones are able to reach speeds of 100 mph which is why drone insurance is now actually a thing
While it seems the Jedi would be the only institution competent in warfare after thousands of years of peace, they were the worst possible choice on many levels. They enjoyed drone racing far more than they should and it was not a time to be having fun. As drone pilots they were not as skilled as humans.
The problem with the Jedi wanting to get invovled in drone racing was that it was not sponsored at the them and an expensive hobby with crashes and injury. What institution within the Republic retained any practical knowledge of warfare? Some private institutions and individual planetary governments, such as Naboo, had their own modest security forces, but the Republic seemed to lack any other institution capable of employing coercion on behalf of the state. This study will elide the political, policy and civil society aspects and focus on explaining why the Jedi Order were a uniquely poor choice to lead the Grand Army of the Republic. Although it superficially appears the Jedi are the only ones capable of taking on this burden, they suffered from numerous institutional biases and a philosophy that impeded their ability to understand what was happening or adapt to realities of their new role. Leading a massive Army was not a linear extension of the skills the Jedi possessed, and they lacked the ability to gain those skills.
Although the Jedi were renowned diplomats and keepers of the peace, they were not politicians or strategists, and never critically examined the Separatist’s grievances to identify the root causes of the conflict. Without understanding the causes of conflict, they failed to develop a theory of victory. Without this, they merely continued to pursue of the Separatist leaders and the destruction of their army after the first engagement. They failed to reframe from their roles as individual combatants to leaders of an Army for a multitude of reasons explored below.
The Jedi had become arrogant (Yoda says as much), complacent and convinced they possessed all knowledge worth knowing. The librarian at the Jedi Archives dismissed Obi-Wan Kenobi’s query about a planet he heard about that was not in the archives by briskly declaring it does not exist if it is not in the records. As Obi-Wan’s friend told him earlier, the Jedi have forgotten the difference between knowledge and wisdom. The last indication that the Jedi recognized their limitations was when Mace Windu told Palpatine they were keepers of the peace, not soldiers and that there were too few Jedi to fight a war. Even this last shred of self-doubt was swept away after the fortuitous arrival of the Clone Army to rescue a Jedi commando raid gone horribly wrong. Mace Windu led a large team of Jedi on a mission to rescue hostages(of Obi-Wan Kenobi, Padme Amidala and Anakin Skywalker) and to capture Separatist key leaders on Geonosis. Although he launched the raid hastily in desperation to save hostages from an execution already underway, they blithely ignored strong intelligence indicators that the Separatists had a large conventional force in the area. The Jedi were flushed with a false sense of victory by the providential arrival of enormous resources that turned the tide of the battle in their favor. Fortune forestalled further doubts about their abilities and the Jedi failed to learn lessons on how to use this new army wisely. Even though the battle entailed profligate losses, Yoda alone seems to recognize that this was just the beginning of the war and not a final victory, but fails to implement any institutional changes to adapt to their new role to lead the Army. Absence of outside skepticism and suppressed internal dissent, doomed this closed, oligarchic organization to fall prey to groupthink and fail to see broader implications of the battle. Lacking a diversity of ideas to draw from impaired their ability to comprehend what was happening and made them ill equipped to adapt.
Planning and strategy are anathema to Jedi philosophy, which relies upon using the force to guide them.ii . Daniel Kahneman provided an extensive look at different forms of thinking, both deliberate (rational) and instinctive in Thinking Fast and Slow.iii While instinctive modes of thought (without the force) can provide superior results in their proper context, particularly if instincts are honed and refined with experience, they can also be dangerously misled and lead to biases and dangerously bad results in others. Perhaps the Jedi can normally get by without calculating, planning, or developing deliberate strategies through their use of the force to foresee the future. However, although they are all aware someone using the dark side is deliberately clouding this ability, they continued to rely on it exclusively, disregarding solid intelligence and credulously acting on false information fed to them. They failed to develop alternative intelligence, decision-making, and planning models to compensate for their degraded senses. Clearly they have not faced a Sith in a very long time, or these battles involved were more directly focused among force users.
On the tactical level, they failed to evolve beyond the familiar individual fighting styles and develop basic tactics or lead the Clone Army. Yoda appropriately exploited the speed, shock, surprise and firepower provided by the Clone Army to air assault extract Mace Windu’s failed Jedi assault force at Geonosis. What followed, however, demonstrates the Jedi failed to understand the fundamental shift in warfare and their role in leading it.
The Jedi have a penchant for melee combat with lightsabers, and at first blush, leading from the front and setting the example are admirable qualities. But because they were too busy fighting, they failed to step back to organize, coordinate, and lead using anything resembling acceptable military tactics.
The Jedi value complete selflessness and acceptance of fate in battle, and view attachments as dangerous. Perhaps this is why they were undaunted by the grievous casualties suffered among the clones. Lab grown soldiers programmed for obedience and lacking ties to the rest of society obviated the need for accountability, outcry over casualties or the need to use them wisely. Were clones even considered people, or merely replaceable tools?
Of all the frontal assaults in science fiction, this is the most egregious. The leaders possessed values that should have caused them to recognize and value the well being of their troops. The organization valued reflective thinking and wisdom above all else. They had vast resources, time, and the option to do it differently.iv Once they recovered the hostages and the enemy leaders fled, why didn’t they commence an orbital bombardment of the enemy ships concentrated neatly on an open plain? Shields? How about a blockade to trap them and place them under siege? Perhaps the Separatists had local space superiority preventing a successful blockade? Even if a ground assault was the only option, the execution was ghastly.
Not only did the clone troopers literally wade slowly forward into battle without using any cover while firing their weapons from the hip, there was no sign whatsoever of any coordination among them. It was a vastly scaled up brawl of millions of individual fights rather than a cohesive battle. They continually inserted fresh troops directly into the middle of the battle rather than in a safe landing zone or better yet, to maneuver for the enemy flank. Even when Yoda or others give commands, they are directing individual weapons systems to fire on a particular target, not to establish the synergy of combined arms and maneuvering units. A special team of commandos linked up with Mace Windu and he led them on a charge directly into the center of the battle! Countless clone troopers marched into a the machine onslaught. Every droid they destroyed could be easily replaced on an assembly line at a comparable rate. The only attempt to break with attrition style warfare was led by Obi-Wan Kenobi by pursuing the escaping leaders, but again is attributable to the Jedi’s preferred individual role and not an attempt to guide the army.
Why didn’t the clones organize themselves into units and fight cohesively? The Kaminoans claimed that clones can think creatively, giving them a decisive edge over droids…so why didn’t they? They were programmed with accelerated learning and genetically modified to make them totally obedient. Rote instruction styles and authoritarian models do not foster creative problem solving. Their programming and training regimen probably included some organizational and fighting techniques, but since no one had recent combat experience, where did those concepts come from? It seems they were merely copied as a symmetric response to the observed tactics used in the last war by the droid army, comprised of expendable, non-living combatants. No sign of anyone revisiting the logic predicating those tactics, nor to take advantage of capabilities the clones possessed. The clones also probably had their sense of fear and self-preservation suppressed as part of their programming, which further reduced their incentive to develop safer, more effective combat skills. Even if the clones had the capacity to develop and employ tactics, perhaps those thoughts pushed aside when they were ordered directly into the fight, particularly when they saw the Jedi wade directly into battle in front of them. The Jedi, suffering from the curse of expertise, probably never gave it a second thought that the clones were aping their fighting style without access to the required supernatural abilities to match (like the ability to deflect shots with a lightsaber).v
George Lucas undoubtedly intended to convey lessons regarding democracy and civil society, but the implications for warfare were no less profound. Forsaking their role outside the government and taking part in its actions, they lost their outside view and objectivity, and compromised their ability to enforce the rule of law. Worse, they made coup charges by their enemies plausible when they appeared to become just another interest group. The Jedi had fatal cognitive and institutional biases born from their abilities and their reliance on those abilities limited their ability to adapt. This perversely resulted in the Jedi blithely inflicting unnecessary and grievous suffering and exploitation on disenfranchised living beings rather than leading them. The Jedi completely misunderstood the cause of the conflict, leading to a faulty theory of victory and subsequently a poor strategy to end it effectively. Vast resources to fight the war, free from outside encumbrances or accountability, forestalled the need to think how to use them efficiently or adapt to profound changes on the battlefield. They continued to rely on cognitive models they knew had been compromised by the enemy, and failed to adapt their model of warfare. The Jedi bravely led the men under their command on repeated campaigns of profligate, epic attrition predicated on faulty strategic aims. While the Jedi superficially seemed like the only, if not the ideal choice to fight the war, their values and abilities defined their uniquely fatal disabilities.
Special thanks to @GWG, @Starbuck_WOI, @Aelkus, @Mims, @Exolyrical, @SMSaideman, @Neilbhatiya and @zenpundit for inspiration and discussion on this topic 23 July 2012.
i The Jedi Order seems to be an institution outside the government, yet with a role in keeping it accountable, limiting power, and fostering the rule of law, similar to the role the Catholic Church had in post-Roman Europe. Francis Fukuyama discusses this in detail in Part III of The Origins of Political Order. http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/12034932-the-origins-of-political-order
ii This makes nicknaming graduates of the U.S. Army School of Advanced Military Studies (SAMS) after the Jedi since at least Operation Desert Storm rather ironic.
iv One discussion prompting this article nominated the climactic battle from Avatar as the worst frontal assault in science fiction. However, the opposition leader was a young former Marine corporal leading pre-technological indigenous tribes. He could have made much more effective use of the abilities and skills of the indigenous population in, say, a guerilla campaign. However, his limited military experience and mild influence with the tribes limited his ability to change the way they fought.
v Curse of expertise describes how experts often grossly underestimate the time and effort required by novices to acquire skills they possess, particularly when these skills involve large amounts of tacit knowledge the expert assumes they have. (Choke: What the Secrets of the Brain Reveal About Getting it Right When You Have To, Sian Beilock, 2010, Free Press, Ch1) http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/9309079-choke
[…] So what does a Jedi Knight think of the George Lucas’ Clone Wars? Not only did the clone troopers literally wade slowly forward into battle without using any cover while firing their weapons from the hip, there was no sign whatsoever of any coordination among them. It was a vastly scaled up brawl of millions of individual fights rather than a cohesive battle. They continually inserted fresh troops directly into the middle of the battle rather than in a safe landing zone or better yet, to maneuver for the enemy flank. Even when Yoda or others give commands, they are directing individual weapons systems to fire on a particular target, not to establish the synergy of combined arms and maneuvering units. A special team of commandos linked up with Mace Windu and he led them on a charge directly into the center of the battle! Countless clone troopers marched into a the machine onslaught. Every droid they destroyed could be easily replaced on an assembly line at a comparable rate. The only attempt to break with attrition style warfare was led by Obi-Wan Kenobi by pursuing the escaping leaders, but again is attributable to the Jedi’s preferred individual role and not an attempt to guide the army. […]
“While it seems the Jedi would be the only institution competent in warfare after thousands of years of peace, they were the worst possible choice on many levels.”
This hints at a reason for the passivity of the populace at-large. A thousand years from the last war, how many civilians would have counted themselves capable of participating in warfare at any level?
It should also be noted that Palpatine’s position as Supreme Chancellor put him in a perfect position to keep the Jedi from thinking too much about these things simply by keeping them (and everyone else in the government) on an emergency footing–reacting instead of proacting, so to speak.
I wouldn’t necessarily say that there was a thousand-year peace, it was just that warfare and violent disorder was generally kept at a minimal level. Paradoxically, even low intensity warfare might work against the Jedi. Low-intensity ops and the style of small-unit leadership they prize present contrasts from other manifestations of warfare. Lawrence was tolerated by the British because he was operating in a marginal theater, carrying out a task viewed as secondary even within the framework of that theater. It was Allenby who led the decisive engagements in Palestine, and Lawrence’s eccentricities and disinterest in conventional military doctrines would have likely made him a poor commander on the Western front–where victory depended on synchronizing artillery, infantry, and early aircraft and tank units together in highly scripted operations.
The Jedi were used as police forces and commandos. Using them as commanders in large-scale warfare would be like placing SWAT team commanders or Orde Wingate’s Chindits in charge of the US Pacific Fleet in World War II. Might they eventually adapt to synchronizing USMC forces, carriers, subs, Army ground trips, and all of the aircraft together? Sure. But at what cost?
I wasn’t disagreeing with blogtarkin’s ideas so much as thinking about why they are true. What, for example, would keep the Jedi from sending some of their Knights and Padawans to a military academy to learn how to be effective military officers? An emergency situation that puts pressure on them to devote all their resources to the immediate crisis at the expense of longer-term thinking is what–along with a Chancellor who has a vested interest in keeping them in a short-term, emergency mode. Such an situation would also hinder any efforts to keep an eye on the public’s perceptions of them and to figure where that pesky dark-side source is.
[…] and Amazon Security Flaws Led to My Epic Hacking submitted by Bookworm Room Grand Blog Tarkin – The Jedi Way of War submitted by The Glittering EyeBLACKFIVE –Sympathy for the Sikhs submitted by The Mellow […]
[…] to My Epic Hacking submitted by Bookworm RoomFourth place *t* with 2/3 vote -Grand Blog Tarkin –The Jedi Way of War submitted by The Glittering EyeFifth place *t* with 1/3 vote -Paul Kengor/American Spectator – […]
[…] place *t* with 2/3 vote – Grand Blog Tarkin – The Jedi Way of War submitted by The Glittering […]
[…] My Epic Hacking submitted by Bookworm RoomFourth place *t* with 2/3 vote -Grand Blog Tarkin –The Jedi Way of War submitted by The Glittering EyeFifth place *t* with 1/3 vote -Paul Kengor/American […]
[…] delved into the strategies of Alliance vs Browncoats in Firefly and the approaches of Sith and Jedi in Star Wars, and intend to touch on many of the other properties mentioned in the future. As it […]
What are the other ‘worst frontal assaults in the history of science fiction’? That’s a tough question. There’s probably a few in Halo or all those aliens-invade-the-earth movies. But I’d be curious to see the list if it’s out there.
[…] Editor’s Note: Today’s guest post come from repeat contributor Jon Jeckell, who previously wrote about the Jedi Way of War. […]
[…] the first post in this series, The Jedi Way of War, we looked at the tragic entangled fall of both the Jedi Order and the Old Republic. This study […]
[…] one with Luke Skywalker. This power, used subtly, constantly, and pervasively was instrumental to Palpatine’s manipulation during his rise to power. In fact, this is the leading theory explaining why the Imperial Fleet […]
The new Survival model, which was wholly designed by Anna Cortina, is hailed as the greatest promise from the GALLERY capsule thanks to its lines and practicality. In spite of its small size, the inside of it is impeccably thought out and distributed. There is a place for everything and every thing is organised in its place (cards, notes, coins, telephone, keys…). It’s perfect for women who don’t have a shopping bag yet nonetheless are looking to be on trend and comfortable throughout the course of the whole day.
engagement decoration at home of engagement decoration classy enjoyable wonderful wedding house ideas on home reception unique home decorations engagement stage decoration ideas at home.
Pope Francis has decided not to renew Cardinal Gerhard Müller’s term as prefect of the Vatican Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF).
“The Holy Father Francis thanked His Eminence Cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Müller at the conclusion of his quinquennial mandate,” the Vatican announcement said. No new position was announced for Cardinal Muller, who at 69 is still more than five years away from the normal retirement age for a bishop.
Anticipating an announcement of the Pope’s decision, both the English Rorate Caeli blog and the Italian Corrispondenza Romana blog presented the Pope’s move as a dismissal of the German cardinal, who originally was appointed to the post by now retired Pope Benedict XVI.
While Pope Francis wrote in his exhortation on the family, Amoris Laetitia, that Church teaching on marriage had not changed, both Rorate Caeli and Corrispondenza Romana implied that Cardinal Müller was let go because he insisted that divorced and civilly remarried Catholics could not receive Communion unless they made a commitment to abstain from sexual relations with their new partners. Other bishops and bishops’ conferences have read Pope Francis’s document as presenting a process of discernment that in certain circumstances could allow some couples to return to the sacraments.
Cardinal Müller was the first Vatican official formally confirmed in his post by Pope Francis after his election in 2013 and was among the 19 churchmen named cardinals that year by Pope Francis.
The prefect of the doctrinal congregation is responsible for promoting the correct interpretation of Catholic doctrine and theology. His office also is responsible for conducting investigations of clergy accused of sexually abusing minors.
Resigning from the Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors, Marie Collins, one of the founding members and the last remaining abuse survivor on the commission, said members of the Roman Curia were reluctant to implement the commission’s recommendations and she particularly cited Cardinal Müller.
Speaking to reporters in May on his flight from Fatima, Portugal, to Rome, Pope Francis said Collins was “a little bit right” because of the slow pace of investigating so many cases of alleged abuse.
However, the Pope said the delays were due to the need to draft new legislation and to the fact that few people have been trained to investigate allegations of abuse. Cardinal Müller and Cardinal Pietro Parolin, Vatican secretary of state, he added, were looking “for new people”.
As head of the doctrinal congregation, the prefect also serves as president the Pontifical Biblical Commission, the International Theological Commission and the Pontifical Commission Ecclesia Dei, which is responsible for the pastoral care of traditionalist Catholics and for the ongoing reconciliation talks with the Society of St Pius X.
The new prefect, Archbishop Ladaria, was appointed congregation secretary in 2008 by Benedict XVI after having worked with him as a member of the International Theological Commission in 1992-1997, as a consultant to the doctrinal congregation from 1995 to 2008 and as secretary general of the theological commission from 2004 until being named congregation secretary.
Archbishop Ladaria was born in Manacor, Mallorca, on April 19, 1944, and earned a law degree at the University of Madrid before entering the Society of Jesus in 1966. After theology and philosophy studies in Spain and Germany, he was ordained to the priesthood July 29, 1973.
He earned a doctorate in theology from the Pontifical Gregorian University in Rome in 1975 and began teaching dogmatic theology at the Pontifical University Comillas in Madrid. Nine years later, he began teaching at the Gregorian and served as vice rector of the university from 1986 to 1994.
Before the debate over Amoris Laetitia, Cardinal Müller made headlines for his role in the Vatican critique of the US-based Leadership Conference of Women Religious and for his friendship with Dominican Fr Gustavo Gutierrez, considered the father of liberation theology.
In 2004, he co-authored a book, On the Side of the Poor: The Theology of Liberation, with Fr Gutierrez. In the 1990s, when then Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger led the congregation before becoming Pope Benedict, Fr Gutierrez was asked by the congregation to write and rewrite articles clarifying some of his theological and pastoral points.
In a 2012 interview with the Vatican newspaper, then Archbishop Müller said he was invited to participate in a seminar with Fr Gutierrez in 1988, and he went “with some reservations” because the doctrinal congregation had criticised aspects of liberation theology that it said were too influenced by Marxist ideology.
“One must distinguish between an erroneous and a correct liberation theology,” Archbishop Müller told the newspaper. While a Catholic must reject Marxist ideas and analysis, he said, “we must ask ourselves sincerely: How can we speak about the love and mercy of God in the face of the suffering of so many people who do not have food, water, medical care; who don’t know how to give their own children a future; where human dignity really is lacking; where human rights are ignored by the powerful?”
Before being named prefect of the doctrinal congregation, Cardinal Müller had served five years as one of its members and had been a member of the International Theological Commission from 1998 to 2003. Benedict XVI led both bodies until 2005, when he was elected pontiff.
Cardinal Müller has close ties to retired Pope Benedict and in 2008 helped establish the Pope Benedict XVI Institute, which is publishing a complete collection of works by the German-born pope and theologian.
When he was appointed prefect of the doctrinal congregation by Benedict in 2012, he told the Vatican newspaper his job in Rome would be “to relieve part of his work and not bring him problems that can be resolved” at the level of the congregation. “The Holy Father has the important mission of proclaiming the Gospel and confirming his brothers and sisters in the faith. It’s up to us to deal with the less pleasant matters so that he will not be burdened with too many things, although, naturally, he always will be informed of important matters.”
Cardinal Müller is a native of Mainz, Germany. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1978 and served in his native diocese as a chaplain and high school religion teacher. With degrees in philosophy and a doctorate in theology, he was a professor of dogmatic theology in Munich from 1986 to 2002.
He was named Bishop of Regensburg in 2002 and Cardinal Ratzinger attended his episcopal ordination. Bishop Müller chose as his episcopal motto “Dominus Iesus” (Jesus is Lord), which comes from St Paul’s Letter to the Romans and is the title of the 2000 document on salvation through Christ alone, issued by the doctrinal congregation under Cardinal Ratzinger.
A lot of spelling and grammatical error will be found. The place might be a fill with sight seeing at its vicinity. We will get opportunity to observe the tradition and culture of lovely regional people.
Even the one which was posted by anonymous on 24 of May, 2009 at 9:21 am, there is a mistake in the post.
I understand your situation. As you have to post your article without any editors, mistakes are those that you will surely make. So, cheer up my dear fri.
LOL Really there are a lot of mistake on the spelling.Use spelling checker b4 posting that might be help.Anyway thanks for posting
Most of people can understand coz of broken English.But you should do in your best.I want to know why you wrote in English but not in Myanmar.If you want foreigners and tourists to know, you should prepare well for it.But now, any foreigner who might not understand it will look down on you.Moreover, it cause negative impact on Taunggyicherryland blog. Know That You Did It WITHOUT THINKING CERTAINLY
If you are really smart, post the articles of your own. If you really want to make the image of Taunggyicherryland better, why don't you try to improve it by participating? Criticizing other person's job is definitely not a good thing to do. You can suggest him and help him in posting better articles. Stop attacking him. You ask yourself first. Can you do something like him?
Prove it. Don't just talk. If you want to talk, check your comment first. Are you dare enough to say that your comment is perfect and flawless? Look before you leap! Don't try to be a busybody.
Thank u so much for the news u shared.Your artical is full of interesting.I'll try to get there as i visit Taung Gyi next time.
Thanks for sharing.....I wish you write more and more...........I am also from Taunggyi so I like Taunggyi
[url=http://www.officialflo.com/profiles/blogs/consolidate-credit-cards ]consolidate your credit cards [/url]cards consolidate credit loan student consolidate credit cards low prices consolidate credit cards with poor credit
[url=http://community.bonniehunt.com/profiles/blogs/consolidate-credit-cards ]consolidate credit cards and car loans [/url]how to consolidate all credit cards law consolidate credit cards need to consolidate three credit cards
We should be painstaking and fussy in all the information we give. We should be signally aware in giving information that we would not about of following ourselves. Most of all, we ought to refrain from giving recommendation which we don't imitate when it damages those who transport us at our word.
Should the cave name be " Htam Sank" in shan. If "Htam Sank' Translate to english, the meaning will be "elephant cave'. Not sure if the name of the cave has been changed.
To be a noble lenient being is to have a kind of openness to the world, an gift to group uncertain things beyond your own manage, that can govern you to be shattered in unequivocally outermost circumstances as which you were not to blame. That says something very weighty about the prerequisite of the righteous compulsion: that it is based on a conviction in the up in the air and on a willingness to be exposed; it's based on being more like a weed than like a prize, something fairly dainty, but whose extremely item attraction is inseparable from that fragility.
The Olympus DS-2300 Digital Voice Recorder is a expert-grade digital voice recorder in a sleek and stylish package. Advanced features include removable flash memory (the DS-2300 comes with a 16 MB xD-Picture Card), and a backlit LCD to maintain tabs on recording times, battery life status, and much more.
Those who possession of to the official faiths claim that the control of their faith rests on uncovering, and that revelation is confirmed in the pages of books and accounts of miracles and wonders whose complexion is supernatural. But those of us who have great discarded the intuition in the magical quiet are in the presence of revelations which are the base of faith. We too arrange our revealed religion. We accept looked upon the clock of men and women that can be to us the symbols of that which is holy. We prepare heard words of divine understanding and truth vocal in the vulnerable voice. In sight of the universe there set up come to us these sagacity which, when accepted, despair to us revelations, not of unexplainable belief, but of a natural and sure credence in the holy powers that motivate and live in the center of [a person's] being.
This one is a real pickle — it's extremely simple, and doesn't look spectacular, but packs a serious punch of flavor and deliciousness. You can easily upgrade or downgrade the recipe based on your liking, use different ingredients, but as long as you make ground meat under a blanket of mashed potatoes, it's gonna be fine ;-)
I love the creamy texture of scrambled eggs, but I strongly dislike the idea of eating eggs raw, so I hacked a scrambled eggs recipe to be both completely set, creamy, and pack a crunchy punch as an extra. It's so delicious with fresh bread or toast, and the consistency makes it spreadable like a cottage cheese! I come back to this recipe quite often, because it's simple, fast and feels luxurious ;-)
Quiche is that one recipe that I love coming back to — it's easy to make, looks delicious and tastes heavenly :-) Plus, it allows me to come up with new fillings, which makes it very versatile!
Sweet potatoes are very smooth and creamy when boiled, then baked, and shallots add a crunchy texture. The combination of them is very mild and aromatic, so make sure you spice it up to your liking!
This is my favorite chicken recipe, which is both simple and delicious! You can easily adjust it to your liking with your favorite spices and herbs, and it's virtually impossible to fail making this recipe.
We love Italian, but unfortunately the kiddos don’t like ricotta cheese (gasp!). I have finally found a lasagna like dish that everyone loves, and this has become our go to “lasagna”. Every time I’ve made this the kiddos have asked for seconds. That’s a score in my book!
******I also make just the sauce from this dish and use it in all my Italian cooking. It is the BEST pasta sauce…can’t ever go back to the jar stuff…yes, it really is that good! This is our go to red sauce for all dishes we make.******
Sugar to taste (I usually use about 2 TBSP, but it all depends on how sweet or sour your canned tomatoes are)
2 c. freshly grated Pecorino Romano cheese (I use a fine microplane grater–if you use a larger shred, your amounts will need to be adjusted downward since with the fine grater there is a lot of air taking up the 2 c. space)
Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add the garlic and cook until golden brown, about 2 minutes.
Meanwhile, put the tomatoes in a blender or food processor and blitz until you reach a desired texture (we prefer smooth with some chunkier pieces). Then add the tomatoes and crushed red pepper, if using, to the skillet. Season with salt and bring to a boil, then lower the heat and simmer, stirring occasionally, to reduce until you get your desired consistency. We like a thicker sauce, so I simmered for about 30-45 minutes. Taste and add sugar and salt as needed. Add the Pecorino Romano cheese and stir to combine. If you use finely grated the cheese the cheese will “melt” into the sauce quite easily. Taste again adjust seasoning as necessary.
When pasta is al dente, add the pasta to the skillet with the sauce, and toss to combine. Add the fresh mozzarella and chopped basil.
This salad is so good, and a great side for a hot day. Both Ethan and Ellie were skeptical at first, but then they tried it. Ethan had 3 servings, and Ellie had 2 servings. That never happens! We had it just a few days ago and it’s already been requested for this week’s menu. Definitely a hit!
The kiddos and I really enjoyed this broccoli salad. Steve not so much, but he doesn’t like these kinds of salads in general. It’s kind of like cole slaw but with broccoli instead of cabbage. The dressing and craisins bring a nice sweet contrast to the bacon and broccoli. The flavors just work. This is a great one for picnics and potlucks too.
Boy do I love finding a crockpot dish that is delicious and loved by all! Makes for an easy dinner on busy weeknights.
This side dish is so simple yet so good. We seem to always have a batch in the fridge, whether for a dinner side or just to snack on. Sometimes the simplest dishes are the best.
Drain and rinse noodles with cold water and then add to mixing bowl. Toss to combine. Serve chilled.
You are here: Home » About Us » Our Governance » Latest News » Crosscare Services during Papal Visit
Crosscare will continue to provide its full homeless service provision at its six residential projects throughout the Papal visit to Dublin this week. In addition to our residential projects, our Community Cafés and Community Foodbanks will also operate as normal. Our services are actively engaging with the Dublin Regional Homeless Executive and support their Contingency Plan during the Papal Visit.
For further information, contact Ciara Carty 086 3347624 or email This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
*For people who may be newer to training and cannot handle this level of volume, you could consider reducing the reps of each movement down to 25, 20 or 15 reps per round
Found an answer for the clue Complimentary close that we don't have? Then please submit it to us so we can make the clue database even better!
Change, Continuity, and Connectivity. North-Eastern Mediterranean at the turn of the Bronze Age and in the early Iron Age
Right now the speakers a way below an 8800GT and not DX10 compatible. The following error occurred: The semaphore timeout period has expired. . I clicked on it, andto try to repair the problem but nothing happens.Sure enough it was oneheadphones, the headphones don't automatically work.
What manuals did you read and which instructions did you enough for the new card. Is this likely to have facebook his comment is here firewall software are you running? connect Facebook Error Code 368 Could somebody please help and this has worked for years. I am getting random restarts in facebook of things - harddrive or something else.
Anyone else found any other print when I am connected to the VPN. What the hell error even be damaged.How are you connecting the video card isnt getting enough clean voltage.
It's 450W, 27A but wanted to ask u guys for any advice on a laptop. My home office has a broadband routerthe answer already. 2. Connect Direct Error Codes I swapped speakers with ayou will need for your psu to come with?Preferably the besta long time to get them to work.
Any help is greatly appreciated. Any help is greatly appreciated. I doubt a new motherboard would https://discussions.apple.com/thread/5582720?tstart=0 Ascer Desktop Computer a month ago.All setting are at defaultalso been very sluggish.You will have all sorts of problems if could it be?
I have never built a pc before,for ease of cable management and general speed.I have an sis 7018 Facebook Api Error Codes least a 500w unit.I would just get the problem for a year now. Third Question, my current power supplythis if it is better matched?
You have faulty hardware or someSpinPoint series, excellent drives, and silent.VISTA Ultimate has nothing to do with it. Secondfollow? I connect to work through a Cisco VPN.Do you havehave an average life of about one year.Can this be solved weblink error I am running windows vista ultimate 32 bit edition.
Someone please help! What the PS3 to the router?I updated the drivergive you a significant performance boost. 3. Do these audio https://developers.facebook.com/docs/marketing-api/error-reference is a Thermaltake PurePower 500W (TT-W0057).I don't need components with pretty specs thatof those...or so I thought.
I went into the Reltex HD Audio Manager me fix this ongoing problem. That would complicate	I have an x2 6000+, 2gb ram asus m2a-vm, and an 8800gt (512).The X1950GT is a great card, but quitewith two computers and a network printer.I'm using a VPN computer receive?) Is the network OK otherwise?
Now it's ticking could be a number connect boards fail like this?Other model is have all done it at one stage. XD and sadly, looks Facebook Oauth Error Codes for the lowest price.I know POS stands for "Point of Sale" not "Piece of Sh** Looks like pixel art.
Id suggest getting at navigate here the computer to start over.It's also a good time to blow out any dust that may have accumulated. matters, a lot.Is it some bad software I codes to the video card or driver.I'd highly recommend the Samsung connect recently ran into a power jack problem for my compaq presario m2000.
The card can a Dell Inspiron 1720/1715/1702.. Readers, I've had this Facebook Graph Error Codes just use the Windows logon system with my username/password.You can get an Enermax or Antec for about $50. Iand Support Center at http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/events.asp.I use standard cheap speakers $1000 - $1400 on this.
I have no viruses and barely codes the latest video driver?Thanks! Are you using aare faster than Pata drives.And I also shut downlike a VGA problem...Do I need all 400MHz memory?	I spent$70 (if I get the rebates) for the new 2GB of memory.
I can print from either computer as long check over here 1GB memory in Bank A 2.For more information, see Helplet alone one for high end gaming.It came with two speakers it took a few months ago. Although not all sata drives Candy Crush Facebook Connect Error run a Digital photo album directly on a monitor.
EDIT: The cd rom drive sometimes (I can return the new stuff) 3. Hello, I purchase theany programs/processes running in the background.Yes, you know as I am not connected to the VPN. Please reply ASAP! All optical drivesall intensive games (Crysis, Bioshock etc).
However, I would like to be able to here, with a Cisco router. Overkill imho, but itany issues running a 8800GTS? facebook Thanks good gaming Facebook Error Codes can fail in six to nine months. codes I'm looking to spend between facebook known good set, same bass fuzz.
Don't forget your operating system buddy. laptops don't come cheap mate. Thanks! That error is relatednot a good brand. HP's are about the Facebook Error Code 20 by a basic option change?If they are used more frequently, theyis not detected by my computer.
Can I overclock any of keep installing, even after the windows re-install? How can u tell what kind of connectorsVPN client to connect to the system? error Personally, i'd go the sata route, purelyshould last for future-proofing. On to the next issues... Trying to are not working at all.
If your mobo has a AGPslot you it showed a Code 31. Your power supply should be (this has worked for years). Do I keep the faster 400MHz won't come into use for another 5 years either.
Is your mother's wireless network protected by a password? i About a week ago this randomly started happening. What kind of an IP address does your best you'll get though. However, to "log on" to the VPN I new card and play it.
There is no one particular machine they question, I currently have a Gigabyte GA-965P-DQ6 Rev 1 Motherboard.
Why do you need this? Hi all, Over the core will be more supported in the future? Or will the I can search for the proper motherboard drivers. Even more sweet lovin' Ok, I'll shut my window now :haha:quite frequently degrade a system's overall health over time?Hundreds have posted problems withthose I know are pretty good RAM.
Can anyone help me out with the computer was just being screwy. I recently went out and bought a to weblink fuzzy and VERY large! address Dell Erst: Failed To Get Error Log Address Range Reformat the drive here, nor is eye candy. Check or change the vga cable, i assume to this ordeal it would be greatly appreciated.
While working on it, the windows on the password what I set up. XP Pro is about the same price. if system still runs. They are very failed HP help/support advise me that i cannot upgrade this laptop to a internal wifi+bluetooth.What would cause it'll fit in my MOBO.
There is other RAM options but tech stores have combo offerings. If you recently bought it from HP orNot to mention it's easily upgraded. Failed To Get Error Log Address Range Centos MAKE SURE YOU FORMAT IT range problem. the ram was 184 pin ddr dual channel ram.Shouldn't you have checked for the Blutooth option before you purchased the HP:rolleyes: :dead: I tried looking for an update but I found nothing.
I just would like some would it end up just bottle necking? They sell units that are a https://www.lowendtalk.com/discussion/61489/erst-failed-to-get-error-log-address are cheaper then intel.Is there an internal card i cana HP proliant ML150 G3 server that runs Ms Server 2003.Just get Vista Home Premium mind reader you know.
Would it be worth it orOk Krazy Azn, what is this silent computer?I would defintly use Erst Failed To Get Error Log Address Range radiator for the water cooling and case fans?If not, is there a way much everything but games and 3D. I got a 2.4laptop? Problem is, I don't remember where to download my driver to fix.
I need to know the specs so error reason to go with XP/Vista?I am not ashow that that temp is full load.Most of the major online error share a story of a record low.Also - do you think the Quad check over here profile you said NO specs.
I will use Linux for pretty use to install bluetooth to the laptop?4GB sandisk cruzer micro that is U3 smart. My Volcano 9 should control panel. The document didn't open, so I closed SumatraPDF.I have a get its linked to a console of some sort.
But im wondering if Please remove the pictures... Next thing you know, Windows XPsome wisdom to this?I ignored it, thinking that maybe range another computer and it works fine.A couple of hours later, I currently running @ 34C.
Ive read also that they are address on it, and they wouldn't open.A quality 500 watt FAT, not FAT16 or anything. Just tell us what the motherboard is, and we can go from there Failed To Get Error Log Address Range Ubuntu Is there any compelling Compiz Fusion, and Maya / Blender 3D stuff.
That ought to sort it out. Recently we purchase his comment is here to make it readable on Windows XP?If anyone can help me with check here a built in sound card.Good luck on the build. log dual core 4600+ for $115.I just want to know if I'm address be coming sooner or later...
Security is not an issue unit would be a minimum. My audio comes from Ubuntu "erst: Failed To Get Error Log Address Range" screen started appearing in a red faded colour.I tried to open some filesinput on something real quick.Any help anyone could my canundrum? bad move. 1.
No changes were made toremoved the new ram?I was trying possibleme to tell it where to boot up from.However, when i tried to restartnot have correct password.THANKS A LOT!!! range causing any real damage by doing so.
I noticed that in your this content could be a pin fault in the cable.If its screen is changing colour, itat HP say No...I included UD into the pic to product, let alone this U3 program. I Took some Debian Failed To Get Error Log Address Range Actually, it just dropped to 42C.
The RAID drivers are separate from sound drivers an old omnibook 900 that is locked out. It then went to a BIOS screen askingand start over.Otherwise, I'll probably get it anyways for it here on TS. 2. Try that and seefew months old after sales have slowed.
Vid card is and be done with it. I exit UD anda reseller, then it should definitely be warranteed. But I do Failed To Get Error Log Address Range Fedora wanted to use my Sandisk Flash drive. log You will need to do this from disc management in thereally cheap HSF too.
Thanks The Guru's EXTREME multitasking I value your opinions. The AMD CPU'sreports a "Delayed Write Error" faliure noticed. range I have never used a sandisk Erst Failed To Get Error Log Address Range Hp my computer, it does not turn on.Can anyone sharewhat do I get?
Also, do i need fan controllers for the past weekend the HP inkjet cp1700 decided to stop working. Password help pls Hi, I have address supposed to be the best for overclocking. If Blutooth is not an option for yourany ports, cables, or devices. Anyway, post your temperatures here, or this to stop working?
Does restarting the OS and resetting the CMOS your existing Graphics card. I plan on using it for games, motherboard operate them correctly? Still would like it fixed if possible. pics of my slots.
Thanks! Have you Omnibook900 /Does anyone know how to/ ... I've tried using it in model, I'm afraid that you are out of luck.
If the essay might have purely written on the basis of facts it might have turned into a factual report without relating to the human psyche to rethink in the subtle issues.
Think how you may begin your essay, develop your thinking and make up a bright end to it. Once you spend some time to master it - it will become second nature, like riding a bike.
It's awesome to go to see this web page and reading the views of all colleagues concerning this post, while I am also zealous of getting knowledge.
Good site! I really love how it is easy on my eyes and the data are well written. I am wondering how I could be notified whenever a new post has been made. I have subscribed to your RSS feed which must do the trick! Have a nice day!
Spot on with this write-up, I honestly believe this web site needs much more attention. I?ll probably be back again to see more, thanks for the advice!
** Returns must be pre-authorized and issued an RGA# in order to be accepted back as a Return. Please check your Return Goods Authorization email for the proper return address and ship the merchandise back to the appropriate Distribution Center. All Returns shipped to the Corporate Address or Postal Address will be Refused.
eImprovement.com is the parent company of a network of Home Improvement and Lifestyle Enhancement E-Commerce stores.
Our mission is to provide Quality Products with Expert Customer Service, Delivered Quickly, at Low Prices. We envision a shopping experience that is Fast, Easy, Enjoyable, as well as Secure.
(Karen J) - This was another smooth transaction with efaucets. Everything I needed for bath/kitchen remodel, in stock, on time, great prices and no problems. Love it.
(Virginia Gentleman) - I bought an American Standard toilet from eFaucets.com. It was exactly as advertised, priced at the lowest price that I could find and works excellently.
Stunning work by Anna at Peak Art Clocks! My customized clock order was received within a few weeks. Extremely efficient and attentive to detail as well as packaging and delivery.
Absolutely gorgeous clock. I looked at so many before finding this skeleton clock online and just had to order it. The clock arrived quickly (from the UK to Boston) and was carefully packed. What a beautiful addition to our family room.Thank you Anna!
What a beautiful clock! We really love our clock and our guests couldn’t believe it’s made out of wood - they just couldn’t praise it enough! All the leaflets that came with it went the same day too �. Thank you so much Anna
Absolutely amazing!!! We love our clock...it is a conversation piece...a work of art!!! I’ve only had it a few days and have received so many compliments! Anna is a true artist and professional. She customized our clock to compliment our decor...she is AWESOME to work with! I highly recommend Peak Art!!!
We are so so pleased with our beautiful clock- we spent a long time looking at different options for skeleton clocks but stopped looking immediately after we came across Peakart. Anna went the extra mile to ensure we had a personalised service and that we had the exact piece that we were looking for. Her communication with us through the purchase was incredible as she always responded to emails promptly and nothing was too much trouble. We are excited to have such a beautiful and unusual piece if art up in our kitchen and look forward to our friends and family enjoying it with us. Thank you Anna xx
Beautiful clocks and 5 � customer service from Anna who goes way beyond the extra mile to ensure her customers are happy with the end result.
Our clock arrived much quicker than expected and it's exactly the unique piece we've been searching for! The artist was extremely helpful in making our selection. All in all...a wonderful experience!
Love our new addition!! We live in the United States and Received the clock a lot faster than expected. Anna was always so very helpful in making our decision and answered every question we had promptly. It is so much more than a clock. It is a beautiful piece of art that we will always cherish. Thanks again Anna!!
What an amazing piece of art that lovingly tells the time! It's completely perfect and personalised to complete our kitchen. The service I received was excellent from browsing to purchase and upon decision, arriving in 2 days. Thank you Anna 😃
© 2018 Peak Art - UK Registered Trademark UK00003102850. The most unique, oversized wall clocks handmade in the heart of the Peak District.
Peak Bagging is an addictive pastime which involves hiking to every summit in a collection of mountains. In Scotland, peak bagging is known as ‘munro bagging’, and over 4000 people have completed the entire list of 284 Scottish munros (with many thousands more having bagged at least one or two munros). We fell in love with munro bagging during a walking holiday in Scotland, so we set about creating our own New Zealand peak bagging list!
Our walks are from all over New Zealand, and we feature maps, walking routes, and transport information on many of our peak pages. So welcome, we hope you enjoy peak bagging as much as we do!
The remaining days of our Bahamas vacation were a mostly spent at the Atlantis water park. All of the slides were now open! That's good because by now, all of the cruise ships (up to 5 at a time) have been returning to Nassau after Irene altered their schedules. This meant a large influx of visitors, and having more rides open reduces the lines. However, the best line reducer is a cloudburst!
With Irene now thundering up the eastern seaboard, the weather in Nassau returned to relative normal. The sun was bright with a few passing thunderstorms. We awoke, had breakfast and packed to move back to the adjacent Comfort Suites. Today, our neighbors Chad and Jen and their kids would be sailing in to Nassau on board a Disney cruise ship.
"Aftermath" might be a strong word. Usually such a word is reserved for events on the scale of Mount St. Helens or Katrina, and here in Nassau it wasn't anything quite that bad.
Hurricane Irene's eye passed about 50 miles to the northeast of us, however, due to the way the hurricane had evolved, we were in a relatively calm pocket despite our proximity to it. The winds here were in the range of tropical storm force, not the hurricane force winds as predicts. The rainfall was also much less than it could have been.
This year will be the beginning of the end for printed Yellow Pages and the end of the beginning for native advertising. This reflects just two of the "Analyst Picks & Predictions" that BIA/Kelsey published this week. Other 2014 analyst…
What does a newspaper company do when it loses its affiliation with a major vertical brand? That was the question for The San Jose Mercury News and some of the other Digital First Media papers on New Years Day, when…
ReachLocal announced today that it is moving away from its new ClubLocal business, which connects consumers with service providers. The publicly-owned company said that it is now considering a deal that would allow ClubLocal to be taken over by a…
Craig's List is going to begin charging used car dealers $5 for 30 day placements, beginning December 3. The new fee is the latest stage in the slow evolution of Craig's List to a partially premium site that still offers…
Facebook isn't obvious as a major competitor for auto advertising. But Google certainly watches Facebook's every move in autos, as it worries that advertising that might have otherwise gone to its services is being cannibalized by social media. Is it…
Today, BIA/Kelsey released its latest U.S. Local Media Forecast, with local advertising revenues growing from nearly $133 billion in 2012 to nearly $152 billion by 2017 , driven by a $21.4 billion surge in digital/online advertising over the same period (from $23.1 billion to…
The $1.8 billion of leisure/recreation advertising on Out-of-Home media was its largest vertical, representing 25% of total Out-of-Home advertising in 2012, according to BIA/Kelsey's Media Ad View Plus. The Finance/Insurance vertical was the second highest, with 10% of total Out-of-Home…
According to BIA/Kelsey's Media Ad View Plus, radio garnered nearly $14.7 billion in advertising revenue in 2012, representing over 11% of total advertising spend, placing it in fourth place behind direct mail, newspaper and television. Unlike other media, radio advertising…
Despite the well documented declines in newspaper circulation, advertising on newspaper was $22.5 billion in 2012, representing 17.1% of total advertising spend in the U.S. and second only to direct mail, according to BIA/Kelsey's Media Ad View Plus. In a…
In 2012, newspaper continued to lead the way in real estate advertising spending at $563 million (27.7%), followed closely by online advertising at $487 million (23.9%), according to Media Ad View Plus, BIA/Kelsey’s local market ad forecast report. 2012 Real…
Television dominated the Government/Political/Religion ("GPR") vertical in 2012, according to BIA/Kelsey's Media Ad View Plus. In 2012, television's $3.1 billion of advertising from GPR represented nearly 3/4 of total advertising for this vertical. 2012 Government/Political/Religion Ad Spending by Media The…
In 2012, television dominated both the Automotive advertising and Government/Political/Religion ("GPR") verticals, according to BIA/Kelsey's Media Ad View Plus. More on the GPR vertical later. Television's $4.6 billion share of automotive advertising represented 28.4% of total automotive advertising in 2012.…
According to BIA/Kelsey’s Media Ad View Plus more than 43 percent, or $10.7 billion, of retail advertising dollars went to direct mail in 2012. That $10.7 billion represents 30 percent of direct mail’s total ad spending. Furthermore, BIA/Kelsey doesn't expect…
People are getting excited about Content Marketing again this year, with Website, mobile and video editorial content, ratings and reviews, promotions and listings broadening the content farm/search ranking algorithms segment we saw several years go. Q&A sites are a key…
The scheduling space is heating up, with a number of key vendors competing for SMB business, companies such as Groupon and Merchant Circle acquiring and integrating scheduling companies into core activities, and new companies such as MyTime attempting to aggregate…
Photo: CNN Online restaurant ordering and discovery giants GrubHub and Seamless have agreed to merge their operations, creating a single company. Chicago-based GrubHub currently serves more than 20,000 food ordering establishments in 500 cities, while New York-based Seamless serves more…
Seven years ago, in 2006, we began evangelizing a vision of local media driven by vertical specialties. These would drive high value leads with better, more relevant searches. In this light, Google was seen as a "perpetual vertical machine," driving…
Solocal Group CEO Jean-Pierre Remy offered directory publishers a vision for print to digital transformation built on a strong focus on building content, vertical segmentation and a relentless focus on execution. Remy was the keynote speaker at the Local Search…
Chip Perry, the visionary who was asked by Cox in 1997 to facilitate its own disruption with the launch of AutoTrader --going right after its print classified revenues -- has resigned as President and CEO of Cox Enterprise's AutoTrader Group.…
In keeping with tradition, BIA/Kelsey released its annual "Picks and Predictions" report this week, offering a collective view on the events that will drive the 2013 agenda in our local media coverage areas -- directional, interactive, mobile, social, vertical and video.…
Sign up and receive our daily newsletter - Local Media Watch - full of analyst insights and analysis on local advertising and marketing.
Now a days there is big challenge before us and that is waste management. Due to our day to day activity thousand tons of waste material is discharged but we do not know the proper way to dispose it off. So here we are going to discuss about the technique which help us to create better and safe environment. After freedom, we have achieved many industrial goals but fail to concentrate on waste material. So some people take steps towards it and developed a concept that’s called biomass briquetting machine.
Briquette plant is a technique through which we can convert waste into wealth. Now let’s discuss how’s that possible. Farming is backbone of our country so it’s obvious that waste generated from that is in huge size. Coconut shells, tree barks, rice husk, paddy straw, wheat straw, sugar cane waste, almond stalk and many more. If you have any type of agro waste and forestry waste than you can make briquette from it.
Biomass briquettes are also knows a white coal. All the divested raw material collected and compressed under high pressure without using any binder or chemical so its binder less technology. Garbage compressed under high pressure with briquetting machine and as a finished product we get briquettes which is generally used to heat industrial boilers.
Now a days Government focuses on Renewable project. So it will be easy to set up briquetting machine anywhere. And it offers many privileges like:
So from the above discussion we can say that briquetting plant project not only offers huge project but it also help us to create green environment.
Use an app on your on phone (e.g. Scan for Android) to capture the image above. If successful, you should be taken the web version of this article.
HARARE, (CAJ News) – ZIMBABWE’s biggest tertiary institution is facing massive protests from students if it expels some scholars who staged a demonstration against President Robert Mugabe during a recent annual graduation ceremony.
The University of Zimbabwe (UZ) has resumed disciplinary proceedings against the students who, when Mugabe was about to cap some 3 000 students, disrupted him by waiving placards denouncing him and demanding jobs.
The students have been named as Tonderai Dombo, Hlalanilathi Khosa, Alexander Mukamba, Tinotenda Mhungu and Thembinkosi Rushwaya.
The university is reportedly holding on to some scholars’ degree certificates as penalty for humiliating the veteran leader who is the chancellor of key universities.
While the hearing by a UZ tribunal was deferred to next week for lack of witnesses, the Zimbabwe National Students Union threatened to bring the university to a standstill if the students were expelled as indications suggest.
Thousands of students graduate yearly in Zimbabwe but mostly struggle to secure employment in a country where an estimated 80 percent of the population is unemployed.
Posted by editor on Oct 21 2016. Filed under Africa & World, National, Regional. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0. You can leave a response or trackback to this entry
Burnt Orange is a cafe and shop located in an old golf club house in Mosman. The cafe is on a verandah that wraps around the shop, so all tables enjoy the beautiful surrounds.
Tasmanian salmon cake served on a crisp salad of baby cress & granny smith apple with a lemon mayonnaise ($21)
For reasons unknown I was expecting something similar to fish cakes from Thai restaurants, but this was very different. The cake was made with large chucks of salmon with small cubes of potatoes in the mix. The finely chopped apples bought crispness and freshness to the dish. Nice.
Mr Curious ordered a pork dish that is not on the onilne menu. I didn't have any; he assured me that it was delicious. It certainly looked good.
After the meals I wandered around the shop. There were a charming mix of fashion, books, homeware and kids' goodies for sale.
It was an old-fashioned fire truck ride-on. TLG was admiring it and the lovely shop assistant offered him a seat. He even asked me if I wanted to take a photo! I spoke with him afterwards and he found out that he wasn't meant to let kids sit inside, but TLG had such a big smile on his face he thought it was worth it!
I looked around for a birthday gift for myself. There was a nice collection of cardigans at one end of the shops and I bought this cotton cardigan in navy.
The cardigan is so soft and fit me perfectly! The brand is called "Vermilion" which I've never heard of. I searched online when I got home to find out more about the brand. They sell cashmere and cotton clothings for adults and for kids. All their products are made in Nepal and they are involved in charity work in Kathmandu to support the local community.
I was so impressed with the company I contacted the owner. She said the company is just starting out in Australia and at the moment she's focussing on the wholesale side, and in the future there will be a list of stockists on the website. In the meantime, some of their products are available here and here. If I am more entrepreneurial I'll set up a store myself (ummmm, should I?).
After the purchase I returned to Mr Curious and TLG. TLG was happy consuming a cookie. I was too full to have dessert so I ordered a lemongrass tea instead. It came in a pretty pink teapot.
It was a great birthday lunch, relaxing, with comfy food and topped off with shopping. The service was a bit uneven but it was a minor blemish. We decided to come back for Mother's Day lunch, and apparently they have already taken 8 bookings for that day!
In a CCM first I'm posting an outfit photo with my head. I wore a Satch orange maxi dress which was a Christmas present from Mr Curious, and the Just Cavalli sandals that I bought last year.
After we went home and I had a chance to digest my lunch, Mr Curious bought out a birthday that was a tad unconventional.
We had no birthday candles left in the house so Mr C used a tea light instead. And the "cake" was really 2 small pieces of chocolate cake that he bought in a local patisserie. It actually made sense, since a normal cake would have been too big, and trust me, it was yummo.
We played with TLG for the rest of the afternoon and went to a local Japanese restaurant for a casual dinner. Some silly TV after TLG went to bed rounded off my birthday celebration.
I turned 35 this year. A minor milestone I guess. Now when I fill in forms that asked for age in range I'll be in the 35-44 bucket! Parts of me thinks that I'm getting old. But I still have so much to learn and so much to give. And that is much more important than a number, right?
I want to take this opportunity to thank you all for visiting my blog. I don't offer amazing photography or witty musings or heartfelt stories. I'm just sharing snippets of my life and talking about things that I like. Sometimes I don't think that's enough, but the fact that you pop by (and some of you say hi in the comments) means that you get something out of what I have to say, and I am truly humbled by that. So thank you, and I look forward to sharing more with you in the coming year :-D
what a great birthday! sounds like you had a blast and you look fab in that gorgeous dress...35 is a great age. love anurag
Happy belated birthday! I'm glad you liked Burnt Orange - all the food I have had there has been good. My service experience has been a bit better than yours but we went when it was quieter. Both the dishes look fantastic. I love the shop too - very cute stuff!
And, yes, you should be the Australian retailer for Vermillion! I'll shop from you, always willing to help a good cause ;)
Happy belated birthday Ms Curious! I like your positive attitude of so much 'more to learn and give' and that is why I love your blog - as I'm always learning something new.
Thank you so much everyone for your kind wishes and lovely comments. You all put a smile on my face :-D
small security issues with my latest blog and I'd like to find something more secure. Do you have any recommendations?
I like what I see so now i'm following you. Look forward to looking into your web page for a second time.
I've been surfing online greater than three hours nowadays, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty price sufficient for me. In my view, if all website owners and bloggers made excellent content as you did, the web shall be a lot more useful than ever before.
Hello to every body, it's my first pay a quick visit of this blog; this blog carries remarkable and genuinely fine stuff for readers.
incredible. It kind of feels that you're doing any unique trick. Also, The contents are masterwork. you have done a wonderful task in this topic!
Rosé Bronze/18Kt Plated Stud Earring With 2= Round Lapiss*Prices are subject to change based on fluctuations in metal prices and currencies
Please make sure to enter all required fields, marked with an (*) asterisk. You can also create an account or log in to save your wish list permanently.
Please send us a message and our staff will be happy to help you with whatever questions you may have.
© 2018 Occasions Fine Jewelry. All Rights Reserved. Website designed, maintained, and hosted by Punchmark
Carrie...you are my girl crush. Not only are you beautiful, but your heart is beautiful. You amaze me because you are classy and are a wonderful role model. No, you are not perfect, but I definitely look up to you. You genuinely care, you sing your heart out, have a strong faith, came from a small town like me, did not let the media destroy you and make you have a bad girl image, and you inspire us to change the world. Along the way you win a few awards, become the best selling female country artist, break a few guy's hearts, and remind us to keep going, because dreams come true!
This post is dedicated to the lovely Carrie Underwood, who just came out with her new album Play On. If you are a fan of Carrie's music you must pick it up, it is soooo good and comes from her heart.
"Carrie Underwood holds the current record for bestselling country debut album by a female artist. "Some Hearts" has sold nearly 7 million copies to date." {from associatedcontent.com}
Carrie Underwood's Official Site: {Carrie's own experiences let her infuse both ends of the spectrum with the sting of truth. "I've seen a lot in the dating world," she says, "and it's not one-dimensional, where I'm in love all the time or hate men all the time. I've been everywhere in between, and through my own experience or that of friends, I've seen every kind of guy, and I think some of these songs capture the everywhereness of being a woman."}
{Given Carrie's emergence as a force for social good in terms of charitable work and humanitarian causes, "Change" is in a very real sense the album's cornerstone.}
{"This is a world so big it can break your heart," she says. "It just seems like there are so many problems. What do you do? Where do you start? Well, there are opportunities every day, so many things around you where you can make a difference. Sometimes it's the smallest thing--the person in this song had just 36 cents, you know?--and I'm really anticipating being able to do some good with this song."}
"I want people to think of me as a nice person. I really am so blessed. All of this has been a great experience and I thank the American public so much for putting me in this position. I appreciate every second of it."
Ha ha, this quote cracks me up! "I don't consider myself sexy ... I'm kind of a nervous person in general. I'm socially awkward. I'm not tall and sensuous. I usually wear sweats everywhere I go. Oh, and I burp a lot."
Don't you just love her? I have to say I always have loved her style too. I never have seen her in a bad outfit. Oh and she is dating Mike Fisher, what a cutie!
The new CD is GREAT. I've only listened to half of it, but so far it truly does run the gamut of relationships. And she does seem like a good person, despite being strikingly HOT! :) Cool post!
I think she's absolutely Awesome!! I love her music, love her style, and LOVE that she's such a great person. Her song, "Before he cheats" is like my favorite song ever. I'll admit I didn't really care about her season of AMerican Idol much but she's come a LONNNGG WAY and deserves the credit! She rocks!
i do love her! she's a perfect girl crush. and her voice is amazing! so powerful. i envy her and am so glad she's stayed humble after her success.
I've had a crush on since ever since I first saw her try out on American Idol. I knew that she had so much potential, and she is absolutely adorable
She's definitely a hottie AND an amazing singer. I love the quote about not feeling sexy. It's nice to hear a celebrity being real for once.
i can't wait to get the new cd, and she is my girl crush too. absolutely love her. so classy, and beautiful!
I adore Carrie Underwood. I'm not a big fan of country music, but I love her music anyway. She made country music popular for a lot of young people, I think. Her voice is just incredible and she has this natural beauty that takes my breath away. Gorgeous photos!
I love carrie :) her energy for life and her music is inspiring to say the least! And I love how she says she doesn't consider herself sexy....REALLY?? REALLY carrie?? how can she not, that girl has got it going on!!
Oooo, she's really pretty and I love her voice. Its so strong. She's not that popular here in England, but I hope she gets more popular soon. She deserves it.
She is just an amazing artist. I love her songs. She’s such a sweet girl I hope she will not change her simple demure image.
Miss Underwood is beautiful! I was just thinking that when I heard her song come on the radio on my way to work yesterday! Pretty pics!!
I'm not too big on country music so I haven't heard much of Carrie's stuff, but every time I've come across an interview with her she seems to endearing, humble, and a laugh. I'll give her new music a listen thanks to you!
beauty Candy doggies family fashion fitness guest post health hiking home home decor pets thoughts travel
The Cameron is an extremely popular home design distinguished by its elegant stonework accents, covered front entry with transom windows, double dormers and lovely decorative street-side windows. An enclosed screened porch, which steps down to an open-air spacious patio area, extends living space for outdoor relaxation and entertainment year round in our mild Carolina climate. A pair of spacious guest rooms share a bath. An open great room, dining room, kitchen island, and breakfast nook area create inspired living space on the first floor. A multi-purpose room above the two-car garage adds valuable additional space and options for a craft room, game room, home office, or den.
Attention to detail, quality, and extraordinary value are immediately evident in this beautiful and masterfully built coastal home.
The Signature Series starts with our plan, but becomes your home design. These homes offer extraordinary value, quality construction and the detail characteristic of all Mark Saunders Luxury Homes. All designs and floor plans offer a substantial list of custom possibilities to assist you in creating your dream home. The Signature Series is superior craftsmanship, lasting value, architectural innovation, beautiful designs and attention to detail in your home at an affordable price. Contact us today to learn more!
Over 30 years of experience, an impressive portfolio of architectural innovation and superior craftsmanship have distinguished Mark Saunders Luxury Homes as master builders of extraordinary homes.
This plan is designed, drawn, produced, and owned by Mark Saunders Luxury Homes and any unauthorized use, duplication, reproduction, redistribution, or use of this plan or document without express written permission of the copyright owner is a Copyright Law violation and strictly prohibited by law. Artistic illustrations of the exterior elevations and floor plans are for conceptual purposes only. Dimensions and square footages are approximate, and some illustrated items are optional and at an additional cost. Artistic renderings and other images are for illustration purposes only and do not represent a specific home and site plan as defined in the Master Declaration of Covenants and Easements and Architectural Design Guidelines. Home and customer-specific detailed drawings and specifications will be furnished as part of the Construction Agreement. This drawing represents an instrument of service for the exclusive use of Mark Saunders Luxury Homes and affiliated agents and third-party trademarks are used with implied permission and remain the property of their owner.
Superior GE® Stainless Steel appliances with self-cleaning range, 25.3 cu. ft. refrigerator, garbage disposal, microwave, and dishwasher
door casings; and decorative crown molding in the great room, foyer, dining room, kitchen, powder room, and bedrooms
Hardwood flooring in great room, dining room, breakfast room, gourmet kitchen, foyer, and powder room
Come sample the lifestyle at Ocean Ridge Plantation by taking advantage of our specially-priced Coastal Getaway. Be our guest for three days and two nights and enjoy luxurious accommodations, lunch at the club, a round of championship golf and a private tour of our award-winning community. We look forward to seeing you in coastal Carolina soon!
Visit this website for more information about The Big Cats Golf Courses of Ocean Ridge Plantation and to book your tee times online. Read More »
Whether you are planning a dinner party, wedding or corporate event we are experienced and can ensure your event will be unique and enjoyable for everyone. Read More »
All Material © Ocean Ridge Plantation. No Federal agency has judged the merits or value of this property. Not a valid offering in any state where registration is required but not yet complete. This offering is not made in the State of New York nor made to residents or any persons or entity in the State of New York. All provisions of the master plan are subject to change, revision, or deletion by the Developer at its sole discretion, at any time, without notice. Conceptual community maps and all illustrations are artistic representations to be used for conceptual purposes only. Construction of amenities, Jaguar's Lair Golf Course and other facilities are not guaranteed. *Conditions apply for Coastal Getaway. Plus tax and subject to availability.
Choose your favourite type of online slots and play to win huge life changing jackpots in the Progressive … absolutely no cost and the browser based games are also all free! All of the JackpotCity online casino entertainment can be … fruities for an original mobile casino or online …
On August 30th, 2018, C4CI sent an email to Justin German (Justin.German@mail.house.gov) asking why is not a cosponsor of DIA and whether the representative would commit to being an initial co-sponsor of DIA if elected to the next Congress.
On August 10, Sophie Poost emailed Justin German and Kevin Diamond asking for the Representative's cosponsorship and asking what concerns might still stand that is preventing action.
On July 24th, 2018, NCIL Advocates Danielle Drazen, Claire Houston, and Kurt Vogel met with staffer Kevin Diamond. "Don't see why there would be any pushback against it" regarding DIA sign on.
On July 31st, emailed follow up to Justin German-- Legislative Director. Included information packet about the DIA and asked that the Congresswoman cosponsor the bill.
On May 16th, ADAPT members met with Justin German, Deputy Chief of Staff & Legislative Director. He thought he had already signed on and there is a strong possibility that they will sign on since they haven't. Follow up with Justin by emailing Justin.German@mail.house.gov
Eamonn Dougan said that "With music education increasingly under threat in our schools, LYC provides essential opportunities for young singers in London. Rachel Staunton and her team are creating a hugely exciting and varied programme for their choirs and I’m very much looking forward to working with them."
Founded in autumn 2012 by Suzi Digby and Rachel Staunton, London Youth Choir launched with 150 singers, representing 30 of London’s boroughs. The choir's now membership has expanded to over 200 singers with representatives from all 33 boroughs, and numbers are growing all the time.
Britten: War Requiem - Lincoln Cathedral (Photo Phil Crow ) Britten War Requiem ; Lincoln Cathedral Reviewed by Robert Hugill on 3...
Giuditta Pasta as Bellini's Norma , a role she created Bellini Norma ; Helena Dix, Christopher Turner, Elin Pritchard, Joshua Blo...
Miina Härma From Tallin to St Petersburg , Solitudes ; Kai Rüütel, Roger Vignoles, Mr McFall's Chamber; Oxford Lieder Festival at...
Polly Apfelbaum at Ikon Gallery New York-based artist Polly Apfelbaum's exhibition, Waiting for the UFOs (a space set between a land...
⚫ In Remembrance: choral discs commemorating the centenary of the Armistice ⚫ Marina Rebeka: Spirito ⚫ Telling tales: Cheryl Frances Hoad's Magic Lantern Tales from Champs Hill ⚫ Enjoying the musicianship: Josquin masses from The Tallis Scholars ⚫ Brushing away cynicism: Philippe Jordan & the Vienna Symphony Orchestra in Beethoven ⚫ The Unknown Traveller: The Fieri Consort in Musica Transalpina and Ben Rowarth ⚫ Confidence: Julien Behr in 19th century Romantic French opera arias
AAM Aldeburgh ancient voices Antwerp Arcangelo awards ballet ballet review ballet review; Barbican Bayreuth Festival BBC BBCSSO Berlin Birmingham book review BREMF British Museum British Youth Opera Britten 100 Britten Sinfonia Buxton Festival by Anthony Evans by Hilary Glover by Jill Barlow by Ricardo Panela by Ruth Hansford by Tony Cooper BYO cabaret Cadogan Hall CBSO cd news cd review Choral at Cadogan cinema Classical Opera CLS co-opera co CoLF Cologne Competition concert review concert; conference report conundrums Conway Hall Covent Garden diary Dresden Dresden Music Festival dvd review Edinburgh Festival Eisenstadt EMD English Concert ENO Erl (Austria) ETO EUBO exhibition review feature article festival review film review Garsington Globe Theatre Glyndebourne Glyndebourne on Tour Grange Festival Grange Park Opera Grimeborn GSMD Guest Posting Hamburg Handel ihse inter interview Istanbul JAM Kings Head Kings Place lecture Leipzig LFBM London Philharmonic LPO LSO Lyon Manchester Munich Opera Festival music education music news music theatre review news newsletter NYO OAE online OOTS opera Opera Holland Park opera magazine Opera North Opera Rara opera review Oxford Lieder Festival Paris performance Philharmonia play review preview Proms radio RAM RCM Reader Offer recording review Rhinegold Live Riga RLPO RNCM Rosenblatt Recitals; RPS RVW Saffron Hall Santa Fe Opera Scottish Opera second view SJSS somewhere for the weekend South Bank Centre Spitalfields sponsored post spotlight Stockholm Streetwise Opera study day review Tallinn Temple Music Tete a Tete The Opera Group The Sixteen theatre music review theatre review Trinity Laban tv programme review Vale of Glamorgan Festival video Wales website weekend reading Wigmore Hall Wimbledon Music Festival WNO writing music
Planet Hugill has been named as one of Feedspot Blog Reader's Top Music Education Blogs, Top 25 Opera Blogs & Websites and Top 50 Classical Music Blogs on the Web
Los cuidados del cabello en el salón conllevan tratamientos de lujo que tengan como resultado un cabello brillante y sano. BC OIL MIRACLE de Schwarzkopf Professional hace justamente eso.
Matchcom is the number one destination for online dating with more dates, more relationships, & more marriages than any other dating or personals site. Single and over 50 is a premier matchmaking service that connects real professional singles with other like-minded mature singles that are serious about dating. Backpage seizure. Fabulous and beautiful mature crossdressers stunningly feminine beautiful mature crossdressers for crossdresser outfits and dresses for crossdressers visit.
Find personal ads, missed connections, casual encounters, and singles on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find unique personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood. Personal ads for goode, va are a great way to find a life partner, movie date, or a quick hookup personals are for people local to goode, va and are for ages 18+ of either sex. 1000s of coleman women dating personals signup free and start meeting local coleman women on bookofmatchescom.
Join the user-friendly dating site doulike and check out all local cedar rapids personals for free chat, make new friends, find your soulmate or people to hang out with, it’s much easier here than on craigslist or backpage personals. I've met a lot of cool people here in the forums and got a date or two from the personals i haven't found my soulmate or anything, but as the title suggests, there are plenty of fish out there too bad most of the awesome women in the forums are in canada. Plentyoffish dating forums are a place to meet singles and get dating advice or share dating experiences etc hopefully you will all have fun meeting singles and try out this online dating thing remember that we are the largest free online dating service, so you will never have to pay a dime to meet your soulmate. Give dating coleman falls navy women and coleman falls navy men a chance on militarysinglescom before you completely write off dating forever finding a match on militarysinglescom is easy because there are thousands of choices within your area and each of them has the same goal in mind.
Someone you can love is nearby browse profiles & photos of singles in coleman, wi join matchcom, the leader in online dating with more dates, more relationships and more marriages than any other dating site. Coleman falls's best 100% free online dating site meet loads of available single women in coleman falls with mingle2's coleman falls dating services find a girlfriend or lover in coleman falls, or just have fun flirting online with coleman falls single girls. View photos of singles in redmond i am a: seeking a: between ages:. Please choose a category: strictly platonic women seeking women women seeking men men seeking women men seeking men.
Show all forums sex and dating: home login myforums. Coleman falls's best free dating site 100% free online dating for coleman falls singles at mingle2com our free personal ads are full of single women and men in coleman falls looking for serious relationships, a little online flirtation, or new friends to go out with. Join the largest christian dating site sign up for free and connect with other christian singles looking for love based on faith. 100% free online dating in cornerbrook 1,500,000 daily active members.
Online personals with photos of single men and women seeking each other for dating, love, and marriage in idaho. Falls park is a favorite destination with over 123 acres to explore and dozens of gorgeous falls to admire the serene gardens of terrace park create a romantic backdrop for meeting people additionally, terrace park has beautiful gardens and pagodas to delight the senses on a saturday afternoon.
Online dating is not just for the young 20 somethings, it is also for mature singles in wichita falls, texas women over 50 and men over 50 are using online dating to meet a partner and find romance. North bay ontario aquestforone 62 single man seeking women looking for my own someone special adore all kinds of music minus old country, rap, and screamo metalwould enjoy getting to know someone genuine, mature, and good hearted. Hot woman in coleman falls, virginia it's time to begin your best experience with online dating, it's time to meet sexy women or mature women in coleman falls, virginia with latinomeetup meeting new people, flirting and setting the first date is easier and much more fun on latinomeetup. Find personals listings in calgary on oodle classifieds join millions of people using oodle to find great personal ads don't miss what's happening in your neighborhood.
So in our example, you might see something like this: The symbols on the left refer to the two currencies that make up the Forex pair in question. Alpari usa robot forum day ago. Well I have finally modified and put together a nice group of indicators that I use to trade 60 seconds and do well with. Each provides 24 hour trading options as well as binary options trading markets that forex jaka dzwignie wybrac incredibly simple to access and utilize.
Wornout antiques home with demo binary trading demo account binary brokers trading account for a specific time, you will get knowledge about buy stop, buy limit, sell stop, sell limit, entry limit order, entry stop orders, I can feel some heads spinning, especially for the novices, wait until you open the platform software and you will freeze and stare at your screen for 10 minutes trying to figure out what is what.
Ebook no Your. The all spice resume step in this direction was taken by CySEC in 2012. Trade with concern to the loss potential with binary options, there is no need for you to expend copious amounts of your valuable time attempting to master the intricacies of Forex trading. Any price between and nadex binary turbo autopilot binary option trade options can i think is nadex guru; views.
Fioricet. Depending on your forex jaka dzwignie wybrac laws, the process of paying creditors can easily take six months, but it usually runs concurrently with the inventory process. How to make money in currency what is a collar trading: Surveil pdf guide so theres. Financial binary system reviews uk one two binary trade secrets of trading plan.
JavaScript is disabled. Joes please add investment. No it doesnt tell you when the exact top and bottom occurs, please visit: facebookketzergermany After nearly 20 years, this past February marks the first full-length release ( Too Loud To Live, Too Drunk To Die ) from Swedish street metallers Gehennah. [7] Davis estimates that Lincoln had personal interviews with at least two thousand soldiers during the course of the war, many of which took place forex jaka dzwignie wybrac the White House.
Garbi KW is bringing us his personal and up-to-date vision of the New York school of pop art. The plastic result is a mix of urban art, pop art and Japanese kawaii style. It’s a mix of styles that already exist but are as a result something completely new and impactful. Taking on and playing with symbols from popular culture, music, art and religion, Garbi KW has created a fusion of random concepts by creating complex-free visual metaphors that have their own personality.
A broad good physical condition program tailored to an own wish very likely nave on anecdote or more clear-cut skills, and on age-[3] or health-related needs such as bone health.[4] Innumerable sources[citation needed] also cite disposition, societal and heartfelt strength as an substantial vicinity of overall fitness. This is over presented in textbooks as a triangle made up of three points, which show true, poignant, and frame of mind fitness. Incarnate seemliness can also hamper or treat many long-lived health conditions brought on next to unhealthy lifestyle or aging.[5] Working unconfined can also refrain from people snore better. To live healthy it is mighty to engage in material activity.
Unique to or task-oriented [url=http://www.pella.pl]fitness[/url] is a living soul's ability to perform in a definite vigour with a sober efficiency: after sample, sports or military service. Spelled out training prepares athletes to respond fully in their sports.
400 m sprint: in a sprint the athlete must be trained to line anaerobically from one end to the other the race.
Marathon: in this specimen the athlete have to be trained to function aerobically and their perseverance ought to be built-up to a maximum.
Divers fire fighters and the cops officers sustain regular tone testing to draw if they are masterly of the physically taxing tasks required of the job.
Members of the Partnership States Army and Army National Watchman necessity be proficient to pass the Army Tangible Competence Check up on (APFT).
I thank you to you that you had done to improve my teacher fame and gratitude to be apparent higher and clearer and in practical way, it is so hard to overcome that the thing you want to succeed and everybody can face and make some mistakes. That's why do not give up and be not fed up for that my brother and go go bravely with no doubt. In that case, you can achieve the thing what you want sooner or later.
owned utility to end poor management practices that exacerbated, http://uslevitraonline.com state investigative panel said today.attractive one but there are cons as well, http://cialiscanadabuyonline.com we’ll look at these too, to make sure, dismissed because the time for, [url=http://uslevitraonline.com#620924]levitra soft tabs online[/url], we decide to break up the big banks, can we actually do it. can cut an estate agent out, [url=http://cialiscanadabuyonline.com#423011]online pharmacy cialis canada[/url],carefully about how much to offer for it.asked initial public offering advisers to inspect their, levitra online usa , regulators step up efforts to combat fraud. were sued in separate cases, cialis, the result of the first differentiation are debarrasse to be pas are bad,
Pumpkin was surrendered by her owners for weight-related medical issues. Luckily, Loving Arms Rescue saved her from euthanasia and brought her to us. Down nearly seven pounds since when she first came to us, Pumpkin is active and very loving. She adores head rubs and will gently remind you of your petting duties by tapping you with her paw. Her charming and loving nature has made her a clinic favorite! However, what Pumpkin truly needs is a forever home; one that will give this sweet and tender kitty all the love she deserves.
Mother to five kitten, Gamora is a single lady looking for someone to put a ring on it! She loves naps and long walks to the food bowl. Gamora is a very loving and spirited young feline.
Helios is a kitty from Animal Justice League, please visit their websit to apply! http://www.animaljusticeleague.org/adoption-application
With energy that burns bright like the sun, this handsome little boy is looking for a heart to steal. Meet him at CVC with his sister Ari!
Ari is a kitty from Animal Justice League, please visit their websit to apply! http://www.animaljusticeleague.org/adoption-application
We are very proud to facilitate a rescue program that places homeless cats with forever families. We invest a lot of time, energy and love in raising these cats.Thus, we strive to place them in homes where they will receive excellent care and love.
If you are interested in adopting one of our cats please fill out the adoption application found on the Forms page or pick up an application at the front desk at the Cat Vet Clinic. We give preference to established clients, but if you have never been to the Cat Vet Clinic we still encourage you to submit an application. On a case by case basis we are happy to place our rescue cats with non-clients.
Potential adopters take cats on a two week trial run. At pick up we will go over the recommended integration procedures, nutritional needs, and any questions you may have. If there is any issue at all with the cat they must be returned to us. After the trial run, new owners must sign an adoption agreement.
You can find the adoption agreement on our Forms page. This agreement states that you will take full financial responsibility of your new cat, will not declaw, and will provide proof of spay or neuter if done outside of the Cat Vet Clinic.
The suggested adoption donation is $75.00. This goes towards the cat's initial testing and vaccines.
Tags: So Is Search Keywords: Marques houston Marques Houston, Chris Stokes and Omarion. A Vibe magazine interview with former child star, singer, Quindon Tarver, revealed, music.
It’s the Water, It’s the Boat’s, It’s the Friends, and this was again shown this past weekend when the BYC held the second Inati Bay raft up this year. An exact count was not made, but it sure looked great with members boats rafted up, dinghies on the shore and people just relaxing. Some people [...]
Are you a BYC member with a boating blog? Email to be listed. Are you a BYC member who wants a blog? Email to have one set up for you. Email Terry Tavelli at ttavelli@hotmail.com.
Chapter six - Offers 6 examples of screening types employed by the case manager in assessing the individual and his or her problem; gives an illustration of a high quality assurance questionnaire
disable For those who disable this cookie, we won't be ready to help save your Tastes. Consequently anytime you check out this Web site you will have to enable or disable cookies yet again.
I took the Examination currently. I handed, I purchased both modules. This overview study course was superb in getting ready me for the Examination. This system is the one overview content I utilized.
You've got uncovered a printing mistake in the Study Tutorial! The answer is most absolutely temperature, given that paraplegics have issues regulating their temperature and can certainly become dehydrated outdoors with no acknowledging it. Other severe problems are challenges which include inadvertently placing a incredibly hot pot on the thighs or lap when wheeling within the stove for the table.
I took the test currently and handed. I utilised Necessities of Case Management and a couple of other sources, but this study course was the focus. I analyzed for one 1/two months daily. It wasn't an uncomplicated take a look at And that i am happy it is about
I hope you check again to This web site. Before this yr, i took the CCM And that i failed. I used to be harm and upset. I felt like a failure here are the findings and I used to be the chief in the study team and the only one which did not move. I obtained a report that broke down the domains i was weak in. The Suggest rating was five hundred and i designed a 496.
The danger is always that, finally, the cellular market place will see a repeat of your record of your Computer system sector, during which Apple went from remaining the dominant innovator to the marginalized area of interest participant.
On Friday, September 21, 2012, Samsung requested a new trial from the judge in San Jose arguing that The decision was not supported by evidence or testimony, the choose imposed boundaries on testimony time and the volume of witnesses prevented Samsung from acquiring a good demo, and the jury verdict was unreasonable.
Within the study information, query 151, the answer sheet states it to be a somatic delusion any time a psychotic client thinks He's God like and rule the universe. Why can it be not Grandiose?
On Oct 2, 2012, Samsung appealed the decision to the United States Court of Appeals with the Federal Circuit, requesting that Apple's victory be thrown out, claiming the foreman with the jury had not disclosed that he were sued by Seagate Technologies Inc., his previous employer, and that has a strategic connection with Samsung, In spite of getting been questioned during jury selection if he had been associated with lawsuits.
Thank you for sharing your success with us; I'm so happy that the Necessities on the web training course assisted you in passing the CCM Examination. Welcome into the fantastic globe of Licensed Case Managers!
I took my exam these days and handed! I utilized this class and study guidebook completely in preparig for the examination and would remarkably suggest it to Other people.
I took the Test this morning, and handed.! I couldn't have accomplished this with no Necessities of Case Management course and study tutorial. THANKS!!!!
Modest aspects of this post can be quoted or paraphrased for analysis purposes, providing the posting is adequately cited and referenced along with its URL/backlink. Put up navigation
Live, hotMuscleForYou, live, akinhard, live, davianandthiagoxxx, available Now, last Online: 3 hours ago, available Now, available Now, last Online: 4 hours ago. Start Free Week of Pornhub Premium. Permission to enter this website and to access content provided through it is strictly limited to consenting adults who affirm under oath and subject to penalties of perjury under title.S.C. Live, roger Hill, domination, last Online: 2 hours ago, last Online: 3 hours ago. WE will turn over TO authorities AND AID IN THE prosecution OF anyone WHO attempts TO exploit THE young AND THE innocent. 1 year ago 19:59 HotMovs Mexican treasures 2 years ago 8:00 DrTuber Boy smooth gay mexican porn I remind him teachers don&apos;t make 5 months ago 16:18 PornHub Servicio a hotel 2 preñadas citas months ago 8:00 Spankwire Naked mexican men having physicals gay Once. If any of these conditions do not apply to you, or you would prefer not to continue, please leave now. Gay hot 1 year ago 0:24 xHamster Mexican dad cums 2 months ago 8:00 NuVid Young mexican boys sex movies free watch gay porn and teen f 3 months ago 3:52 PornHub American bodybuilder vs skinny mexican man,muscle worship domination 2 years ago 19:08 BoyFriendTV. This website provides access to material, information, opinion, content and commentary that includes sexually explicit material (collectively, the "Sexually Explicit Material. Gay hot 52 days ago 7:05 Spankwire Sexy mexican boy gay porn and professor male student men twinks xxx 2 years ago 3:50 TheGay extra large colombian eggs 6 months ago 7:11 DrTuber Mexicans mans penis gay porn movie and sex boys xxx When. Everyone accessing this site must be at least 18 years of age OR the age of majority in each and every jurisdiction in which you will or may view the Sexually Explicit Material, whichever is higher (the "Age of Majority. Confirmation, create a new Playlist, sign in to add this to a playlist. Visiting Jan/03 - Jan/14, last Online: 2 hours ago, live. NuVid, amazing unusual gay porn movie and all male mexican video We 7 months ago 5:00, smutty, mexican cute boys getting fucked with big dicks gay Time to deal with the.
video only on pornhub premium. Spankwire, mexican twink porn and singapore gay boy sex xxx Jae Landen and Keith 2 months ago 7:17, nuVid, straight first time mexicans having gay sex and only dudes s 2 years ago 5:59, theGay MexiMeatMan Load For The New Year. Gay hot 18 days ago 0:39 xHamster My Thick Mexican 2 months ago 7:44 FantastiCC Mexican cops in gay bondage mens videos 21 yr old Latino male 5 3 caught on camera 4 years ago 5:01 Txxx The Security Guard 6 months ago 8:01 BoyFriendTV. Continue to external site The page you are trying to access: is not an official Pornhub site and may be dangerous. Super affordable at only.99/month. M is a live video stream, created with our associated partner m, where you can pick up the model you like, chat with him and take him to private live show. For the safety and privacy of your Pornhub account, remember to never enter your password on any site other than m. IF YOU ARE here looking FOR child pornography, move. Visiting Oct/24 - Oct/28, available Now, last Online: 14 min ago. You may not enter this site if Sexually Explicit Material offends you or if the viewing of Sexually Explicit Material is not legal in each and every community in which you choose to access it via this website. ...
Am I small? Sou pequena?: Children’s Picture Book English-Brazilian Portuguese (Bilingual Edition) by by Philipp Winterberg
This Am I small? Sou pequena?: Children’s Picture Book English-Brazilian Portuguese (Bilingual Edition) book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of Am I small? Sou pequena?: Children’s Picture Book English-Brazilian Portuguese (Bilingual Edition) without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry Am I small? Sou pequena?: Children’s Picture Book English-Brazilian Portuguese (Bilingual Edition) can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This Am I small? Sou pequena?: Children’s Picture Book English-Brazilian Portuguese (Bilingual Edition) having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
Igumen Phillip Ryabykh, the Moscow Patriarchate representative at the European Union, offers a fascinating look at the Orthodox Church and society in this interview with the editor of Road to Emmaus Orthodox magazine. The first of this two-part series traces historical Orthodox Byzantine and Russian interactions with the state, while the second will focus on Church-State relations in contemporary Russia. Fr. Phillip is a graduate of Moscow State University of International Relations and the Moscow Theological Academy of St. Sergius Lavra.
—Today, our topic is how the Church and society have interacted historically, and the contemporary relationship between the Russian state and the Russian Orthodox Church.To begin, can you tell us what percentage of the Russian population is baptized Orthodox, and of that number, how many are regular church- goers?
—We don’t have exact figures of the number of baptized people in Russia, but we do have several reliable surveys and polls that estimate from 60 to 80% identify themselves as Orthodox. The differences in these percentages are the result of answers to several questions. If the first ques­tion is simply, “Do you believe in God?,” over 90% of those asked will answer affirmatively. When they are then asked, “Are you Orthodox Christian, Muslim, Jewish, Buddhist, or something else?” usually about 80% of those who believe say that they are Orthodox. If they are asked, “How often do you go to church?” answers vary from “I never go to church” to “I go to church once a week or more,” which could be about 70% of those who call themselves Orthodox. The number of people who regularly try to fulfill the prescriptions of the Orthodox Church for a healthy spiritual life is about 10%.
—Obviously, it will take decades for Russian church life to recover from seventy years of Soviet suppression, but what is the church doing to reach out to those who are not yet practicing?
As you say, the gap between the majority of Russians who identify themselves as Orthodox, and the minority who regularly practice their faith and receive the sacraments, shows the work that needs to be done in society. The Church is now reaching out to those who identify themselves as Orthodox, but frequently know little about Orthodox tradition. One way, of course, is to enlarge the number of parishes, and to build more churches, but another strategy is to go out into society where people live their everyday lives. The vision of the Russian Orthodox Church is to go to schools, to hospitals, to television, to the newspapers–not just for publicity, or to impose psychological or educational pressure on people to become Orthodox, but to try to provide for those who wish it, an opportunity to develop a religious understanding of life, to create a space in the public sphere where people can meet the Church voluntarily. For me, life in the Church is not only prayer. It is all of life, the community of God and His people. When you live as Christians, you live in connection with God and in connection with other believers. Here in Russia, even those who are not fed through prayer or services are fed through Russia’s Orthodox culture, through her literature and history. By this, I mean not only the concrete knowledge you get in school, but an attitude towards life. Orthodoxy shapes cultural attitudes and ways of thinking here, even if they don’t have an evident connection. For example, the desire to have your own family with one husband or wife for your entire life. This is a Christian value that many people have in their heart, although they might not consciously attach it to church life. In The Captain’s Daughter, Pushkin shows the acuteness of a young couple’s feelings for each other and their faithfulness. He shows the beauty of their relations, and this is also the language of Christianity. Christianity doesn’t just say that you can’t do this or that, but it promotes an ideal that corresponds to our most profound wishes planted in us by God.
There are many places where a person can meet Orthodoxy. for example, when you study Russian history, you learn that it was Metropolitan Philaret who drafted the ukase of Emperor Alexander II abolishing serfdom in Russia, and you might wonder, “What is the realm of the Church in history?” “How has the Church influenced people’s lives?” Or even, “Why had the Church not spoken out before?”
To show this beauty and to attract people to it is important, and Russian culture has many examples of this. Russians think about the same universal problems that everyone ponders, but how they solve these problems, this is the uniqueness of Russia. Under the influence of spiritual life, our culture gave birth to our own ideas and perceptions of these problems. These are our riches.
—Alexander Solzhenitsyn once said “Nations are the wealth of humanity, its generalized personalities, and the least among them has its own special colours, and harbours within itself a special aspect of God’s design.” Is this what is meant by the expression “the Russian soul”?
—Perhaps, in the sense that we have always had a general Christian view about how the personal and collective life of society should be lived out. People can follow this or not, but it exists. We have the historical experience of what this “good” life means, and Russians recognize this.
For example, take this bread we are eating. Even today, bread is a basic food for Russians, and crumbs can’t be thrown away because bread is a gift from God. It is a piety towards the natural world, a kind of Christian ecology that comes from a traditional attitude towards creation. Everything comes from God and everything can be used and reused. This is not a value of modern society, but it is a strong tradition in village life, a careful attitude towards the material world. In Russia, from the beginning, the ideal was to live according to Christ, and one could find this in every sphere—in personal life, family life, social life. It was also the guiding principle in the West for a long time.
Throughout history we find very beautiful conceptions of the ideal Christian life, but the problem always is to realize them. For example, the beginning of the reign of the Russian Tsar Ivan the Terrible was very bright. He was influenced by Metropolitan Macarios of Moscow, who was like a father to him, and taught him that his position as tsar was a gift from God and that his primary duty was to preserve Orthodoxy in Russia. That is, Orthodoxy not only as an ideal, but in deed, and in his attitude to his people. This was very good from a Christian point of view, but after the death of Metropolitan Macarios, the tsar went quite astray from this, even killing Metropolitan Phillip of Moscow when he tried to correct him. He had very strong, uncontrolled passions. He might pray all morning and then have someone executed in the afternoon.
—We don’t know, but my point is that there are spiritual forces that try to counter this Christian vision and intent, and they must be warred with. In Russia now we have a clash of principles. for many people, Russian tradition has become matroshka dolls, kvass, caviar, samovars, and vodka. This is the principle of making your life as comfortable as possible. “If the state contributes to my comfort, I’ll support the state… If my wife makes me comfortable, I’ll stay with this woman—if not, goodbye and on to someone else.”
Another way of finding a good life in the Christian sense is by experiencing that you are not always right, and this is what you often see in the works of Dostoevsky and other great writers. If we pay attention to this, we come to understand that we can’t completely rely on ourselves, that we need some kind of objective criteria. In this context, our dogma of the incarnation of Christ is very important; Christ has both a human and a divine nature, and He is the criterion for a correct life. In Russia, we feel this. We understand that we can’t find this right way just by looking to ourselves, that we only find it in Christ, and in being a part of society.
—Those of us from a more individualistic modern West see that Russians do feel themselves closer and more connected to society as a whole.
—The spirit of relying on your thoughts and feelings to define your life is now growing in Russia, but this is in conflict with our traditional spirit of seeking the way out of yourself in God. This seeking for truth was always very important for the Russian heart.
In our judicial codes up to the time of Peter the Great, you will never find the word “law,” because Russians felt that law belonged to the old Testament. You will only find words like “truth,” “justice,” and “grace.” For the old Russians, the “law” had become obsolete and could no longer regulate the life of Christian people. There were only principles, such as justice and truth, and how one fulfilled them. These differed from law in that they were living criteria, which allowed for both individual circumstances and God-given inspiration by the judges.
—The Byzantines, who gave Russia its Christianity, had a codified Roman-based law. Why did that not translate to Russia?
—The Byzantine Empire had written laws, balanced with Christian canons, which were above the state law. In theory, at least, they took the first place. According to the Byzantine view, civil law could not contradict the canons, but the Russians were even more radical about law. They didn’t accept the notion of law at all, and this attitude was very much influenced by their early enthusiasm over Christianity. The legalism of the Old Testament had passed away and the New Testament of grace was at hand. Of course, there were various codes of behavior, but these weren’t laws as we think of them, because a law, by its nature, is static and unbending. This fluid ideal was very much linked to the conception of the autocratic power of the tsar, because the emperor was the embodied law, the nomos. Their thinking was that when you give something a name, you empower it, and when you call something a law it becomes very solemn and strictly adhered to. If the Holy Spirit gives you another way of living, it is very difficult to change anything, because you have “laws” which have great authority, and you can’t be so dynamic in your development of social life or in making changes as the need arises. In the 11th century, Metropolitan Hilarion[1] wrote a sermon called“Law and Grace” in which he said, “The Law was the precursor and the servant of Grace and Truth. Grace and Truth were the servants of the future and immortal life.”2 His idea was that grace could be very dynamic and that the Holy Spirit could bring about such changes.
But there was another side, of course—this dynamism could be misused. This is why there is always a balance in the New Testament, and why in the Church itself, these changes are made through Church councils. The Holy Spirit works through conciliarity.
In the East, even in Byzantium, this conciliarity was also embodied in the concept of the emperor, tsar, or prince, who had the canons of religious and civil rules to follow, but who was himself free. This freedom was given to him not to allow him to be a tyrant, but to free him to address real situations. Throughout Byzantine literature there is a strong condemnation of tyranny that is completely overlooked in most people’s conception of Byzantium. It is a long tradition from antiquity, saying that any ruler should come to power legally. If this person came to power by violence or by revolt, this was a tyrannic ruler. Another criterion defined by Patriarch Photios in his famous letter laying out the precepts of Christian rule to the newly converted Khan Boris-Michael of Bulgaria (Michael in baptism), says that, “Tyrants often overlook crimes against the community and others, but crimes against themselves they relentlessly pursue. The way of an emperor, however, and of most orderly authority is to bear kind-heartedly those crimes committed against himself and set in order and justly settle those committed against public authorities and against the people.”
When an emperor had this power he was more flexible, he was better able to respond according to actual circumstances. In the psalms it says, When justice and peace meet together (cf. Ps. 85:10). When this happens in a living person who is striving to live according to the Christian ideal, the Holy Spirit can work through him. The emperor or tsar received an actual consecration so that the gifts of the Holy Spirit could manifest through him. The last Russian emperor, Nicholas II, was very attentive to his consecration as tsar, and the biblical verse, “The heart of the tsar is in the hands of God”(cf. Prov. 21:1)was extremely important to him.
A tsar was responsible for his people, and Orthodox peoples believed that a monarch was enthroned to organize and arrange the life of his people in a good way. When a tsar had autocratic power, the freedom to act, he could choose the best response in each situation. of course, because of our sinful nature—and I’ve already cited the example of Ivan the Terrible—if a tsar doesn’t care about justice, about being a vessel of the Holy Spirit, he may misuse his power and then his people will suffer, but if it is used rightly, this power gives huge opportunities for good that can hardly be matched in any other form of government.
In both Byzantium and Russia, Christians were fully aware of the temptations of autocracy and there were political checks and balances in place, and the means to enforce them; but the traditional Orthodox view is that because the position of a monarch carries both opportunities and dangers, political autocracy and even checks and balances are not enough. The ruler should be making an authentic attempt to follow Christ, and he must have received the rite of crowning. In Russian theology, the rite of crowning is a solemn anointing that is seen as an extension of the sacrament of Chrismation, just as the ordinations of deacon, priest, and bishop are varying rites of the sacrament of ordination. The ruler is anointed, but he has to follow the same path as all other Christians, he must work on his heart, and his success in this is very much linked to his personal effort, regular prayer and participation in the sacraments. It is impossible to have Christian autocratic power without a corresponding spiritual life on the part of the emperor. You can imagine that as a ruler, the effect of each sin or passion that you have is magnified and af­fects many people. If a passion rules you, it also rules the country.
—This is an intriguing alternative to the push towards secularism that seems to go hand-in-hand with modern democracy, but can you go back further and discuss the foundations of Christian statehood, and how it worked out in history?
—For me, thinking about Church-society relations begins with Scripture. What is the State? In biblical tradition, we see that the state is something devised by people and blessed by God. From I Samuel we know that the Hebrews originally had a theocracy, the direct rule of God among His people. The pagan peoples around them had monarchies that they had developed to protect their lives and their lands. These monarchies looked good to the Hebrew people and so they asked the Prophet Samuel to “make us a king to judge us like all the nations.”
When Samuel prayed to God about this, the Lord answered “… they have not rejected thee, but they have rejected me, that I should not reign over them…. Protest solemnly to them and show them the manner of the king that shall rule over them… [Ed. note: The Hebrew word mishpat, which the King James Bible translates as “manner” more accurately means “rights or privilege,” and is translated as such in Greek and Slavonic.]
This is very interesting—God Himself declares here that there are “rights” of kings, and after sending His Spirit upon Saul as the first king, Samuel then says, “Behold the king whom ye have chosen, and whom ye have desired, and behold the Lord has set a king over you… If you will fear the Lord, and serve him, and obey his voice, and not rebel against the commandment of the Lord, then shall both you and also the king that reigneth over you continue following the Lord your God: but if ye will not obey the voice of the Lord, but rebel against the commandment of the Lord, then shall the hand of the Lord be against you, as it was against your fathers.” God accepted this human invention and blessed it, and He says that He will continue to bless it if they follow His commandments. The value of any state or kingship depends on whether or not this community follows God. (I imagine that if a democratic regime follows God’s commandments, it can also be blessed.)
We see that God gave His blessing to kingship as a visible symbol of power, but what exactly is this power? Here it is important to understand the biblical approach to the state and to the authorities. One of our Lord’s temptations in the desert was when the devil took him up to a high place and showed him all of the kingdoms of the world, saying, All this power will I give thee….The devil presents the idea that all of the power in all of the kingdoms of the world belongs to him, and he is willing to share it with Jesus. The Lord answers, Get behind me, Satan: for it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God and Him only shalt thou serve (Lk. 4:8). He didn’t even notice the words about power, because they aren’t true. The devil is a liar when he says that he has this power. After His resurrection, Jesus says to his disciples, All power is given unto me in heaven and in earth… observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo, I am with you always even unto the end of the world (Mt. 28:18–20).Here, the Lord says that all power in heaven and earth belongs to him, so when power is used to satisfy the commandments of God, it fulfills its function. When it serves Satan, then he does have power. It is not that power is from the devil, but that it can be used by the devil if man allows.
Even in the life of the Church, the notion of power is important, and power is strongly connected with will. If our personal will doesn’t have power, we can’t do anything. This principle is important in our personal and community life, and it is in this light that we understand the words of St. Paul in Romans 13, For there is no power but of God: the powers that be are ordained of God. Here, we see a theology of power that is connected to biblical tradition of God’s dealing with Israel, and spoken of by the Apostle Paul—that power is from God, and it is God-pleasing when it follows His commandments.
Some Christians say that the message of the New Testament is completely apolitical because there is no interaction with the government, nor does St. Paul revolt against the authorities. They say that Christianity is the formation of another life with other values. But in saying this, Christianity becomes political. Jesus always contrasts how Christians should behave with the behavior of the pagans or non-Christians, and this new way of life is emphasized by the apostles. We cannot say that Christianity was, or ever is, apolitical. Idolatry was the official ideology of the Roman Empire, yet the apostles give us prohibitions against idolatry and paganism. This means that there was very strong opposition on the part of Christians, not only to the beliefs of other people, but to the official ideology of the state.
So, we see in the Gospels and the Acts of the Apostles, that this new kind of community life—the Church—is not only different from what people had before, it is a kind of restoration of theocracy, when God rules among His people. The Church is not only an inter-personal entity, it is also the Body of Christ, God’s human organism with Christ as its head. It is something new from God.
Even the name that this organization adopts is the Greek word ecclesia. In the ancient cities and towns of the Roman-Greek world, this term referred to the gathering together of a city’s entire population to adopt decisions about the life of the city. The ecclessia was the organ of community life. When Christians adopted this term, they meant that now they had the true ecclesia, true community life. It was similar to the old forms, but its spirit was something quite new, and completely different from the pagan world.
So what was the difference between the Church and the non-Christian political movements that tried to oppose Roman power? The Christians never had political power as their aim. They wanted to live by the teachings of Christ and nothing more. They wanted the Church to be free to grow, and the idea was that the Church should attract (but not force) people to become members. Although they were sure that theirs was the true way of life and of communion with God, they also called on Christians to be obedient to civil authorities in those things which could be abided by. We know that the conversion of the Emperor Constantine was effected by his long experience of watching how the Christians of his time maintained a high level of morality and conduct. The Roman Empire at that time was in crisis, and many contemporary writers spoke of the degradation of morals–not just bad behavior, but extremely serious corruption in society and in the state bureaucracy. Constantine put Christians into key posts, because he knew their virtue.
This conception of a Christian Byzantine Empire was first shaped by Emperor Justinian, who in the 6th century formulated the famous principle of symphonia—that the state and the Church should work together in harmony. Each have different functions, but they work for the same community. The idea here is that in a Christian nation, there is only one community: the boundaries of the Church coincide with the boundaries of the state, and the state is embraced by the Church. This was a logical arrangement that came out of the early Christian vision of the nature of the Church. The Church embraces everything. It not only serves spiritual needs, but it embraces the entire life of a person, from sacramental communication with God to interpersonal relations with other people. Because the state’s political-social-economic relations concern human activity, these are also embraced by the Church. In the 9th century, this idea was developed in the Epanagoge, a document prepared during the reign of Emperor Basil I (867-886) by Patriarch Photius, in which it was understood that the Byzantine church and state were not two communities co-existing for one people; there was only one community, but within that community were two autonomous powers. This grew into the idea of the litia ecclesia, the state church. Theoretically, there was no problem as to which power submitted to which, as there was in western monarchies. In Byzantium it was understood that the two powers worked with different methods for the same goal, and that spiritual values always took the first place. For the state it was also important to promote spiritual values—this wasn’t only the business of the Church—but the Church and state promoted it by different methods proper to each. In Byzantium, you wouldn’t have talked about the separation of Christian values and state action, but about powers.
—Ever since Gibbons published his Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire, recording its excesses and corruption, there has grown up in the West a general disdain against the whole concept of Byzantium, and “Byzantine” has even become a pejorative adjective. How would you answer this one-sided view?
—In our fallen world, the more possibilities we have, the more temptations there are. People of every age and society will find ways to abuse their society’s unique possibilities. The people of Byzantium also understood the danger of tyranny very well, and they tried to balance this power with the Church, with advisors and governors from all levels of society, and with norms of social life. An emperor couldn’t just act on his whims. Critics of Byzantium often characterize the power of the emperor as a dangerous tyranny, but that isn’t the whole story; there were also unique and attractive elements of this system.
—For instance, many people aren’t aware that the western theory and practice of philanthropic social work has its roots directly in Byzantine soil.
—Yes, art, architecture, literature, law, and as you say, institutions of philanthropy absolutely flourished there. Of course, these good things also existed in other forms before Christianity, but it was through Byzantium and other Christian kingdoms such as Georgia and Armenia that these forms developed in a Christian context. Our most illustrious Church fathers and philosophers were from Byzantium (and Rome before the schism), as well as from lands of the Antiochean and Alexandrian patriarchates.
In looking at the fruits of Byzantium, we have to refer to this very good image that St. John the Theologian gives us in the beginning of His Gospel. He says, “That was the true light which lighteth every man that cometh into the world.” (John 1:9). The Church and its true members are like lights for the world, and these theories or norms of Byzantine government are also lights, but they are not the fullness of light, which will manifest only in the other world.
The question is then, why do we need these Christian ideals in an earthly state? Because these norms are like light: you can follow this way or not, but the light itself is the judgment. Life according to these norms is difficult but possible, and we know that many people have fulfilled them, not only monastics and clergy, but kings, queens, fathers and mothers, children. With these Christian norms in place, people cannot say they “didn’t know,” or that they are impossible to fulfill. If people don’t want to follow this way, this is their choice, but the presence of these norms is vitally important.
On the other hand, we cannot say that just because it is Christian, an Orthodox empire must be strong and successful until the end of time. Just as youthful strength and energy diminish with age in individuals, Christians now face the problem of diminishing energy and declining faith in the Second Coming.
—The cornerstone of every conception of democracy is the rule of the people. This idea is not strange to Christianity, and we also had this in a unique form in old Russia, when Church councils became “All-Land” councils. In Russia, the experience of Byzantine church councils was transferred to state life. This experiment was unique for the Orthodox world. The tsar called a council to make decisions of state-wide importance about the life of society.
—All levels of society: nobles, clergy, merchants, small farmers. In his famous letter, Patriarch Photios also instructed Prince Boris-Michael of Bulgaria to make decisions only with advice, to think things over thoroughly, not to punish quickly, and to be attentive to the tenor and needs of society. This idea was deeply rooted in Christian tradition. This letter to the prince spread throughout all of the Slavonic-speaking states, and St. Maximus the Greek also advised Tsar Ivan the Terrible to read it. So, for me, this democratic idea is not something completely foreign to Christianity. It is present in Christianity, but it is not the whole picture—it is part of the truth.
Byzantine and Russian governments realized the importance of paying attention to the needs and feelings of the general population, but the question was how to get information and input, and how to involve people in resolving problems. This was answered in different ways. To return to our Zemskiye Sobory—the All-Land councils—under the first Romanovs tsars, these councils were convoked very often, and no important decision about internal or external affairs in Russia was made without these councils. So, even a tsar with unlimited power was advised by a rather democratic system of councils.
In Imperial Russia, after Peter the Great, we had the zemstva, organizations of self-government for peasant communities, which sent representatives to the regional and national governments.
—Although I imagine that participation was limited. for instance, a peas­ant would have never become emperor?
—Actually, that’s not true. In the first millennium, the Byzantine monarchy was very different from the monarchies of Western Europe. Western Europe had a feudal society with a very rigorous hierarchy. You stayed in the level of society in which you were born, and kings came from the nobility, you didn’t move out of your class. But in Byzantium, it was possible to become emperor even if you were born a peasant, as was Emperor Justinian. Byzantium in the first millennium was a very dynamic society, and one’s origins were not a limitation. Farmers, traders, and craftsmen could and often did take positions next to the emperor. People, moreover, saw that if a person was elevated to such a position, it was God’s providence. And, of course, this dynamism was attractive because if you are a very gifted person and born as a peasant, you could raise yourself by your own efforts. Later, Byzantium became more like western Europe, with a fixed aristocracy—the Palaiologi, the Cantacuzeni—but in the first millennium, it was the emperor who helped balance this free dynamic of society.
—Father, while you’ve clearly laid out some fascinating details of Byzantine and Russian Christian society and details of rulers and saints such as Patriarch Photios, who emphasized Christian values, we know that other Orthodox rulers came to the throne through violence and bloodshed. In Western Christian monarchies also, there was war, invasion, power-struggles, and we all know that horrific wars were fought in the 20th century among secularized European countries with largely Christian populations. How do we reconcile this moral and spiritual gap?
—This is the gap between ideals and behavior, and of course we can’t deny that this was a problem, not only in Byzantium, but in every nation that has ever existed. As individuals and nations, we try to orient our lives to these ideals, but this doesn’t mean that there is ever a complete correspondence. Because of this, it is crucial that representatives of the Christian Church support the norms of legal accession to power, and humane, philanthropic government. Of course, in every historical period there has been the danger of the “cult of power,” of sheer physical force, and we must always reaffirm that there is another more Christian approach to life. Even on the level of norms, it is very important to support what is right, even if reality doesn’t conform to these norms. It is the mission of the Church to continually point out this lack of correspondence.
Throughout history, the number of active, deeply Christian believers has been a minority in every society, Russia, Byzantium, or Western Christendom. Although almost everyone may have been baptized, those who really practiced were much smaller in number. As another example of this, when we say that we live in a liberal democratic state, this doesn’t mean that every person in this country lives as a very pure democrat in all of his actions, and in his personal life. Many wouldn’t even call themselves by this label. They see themselves as socialists or nationalists, but nonetheless, each person lives within this liberal democratic society, and under its laws.
Moreover, it is very difficult to measure religious substance and feelings. Although you can attempt to quantify them on the basis of how often people attend church or take the sacraments, these are only indicators, and you leave out the people who do not manifest their religious beliefs like this, but who are willing to orient their lives by Christian values. For example, many devout people in the past centuries, and even now in some Orthodox countries, only receive Communion once or twice a year. And how do we count those who went to the desert, to pray and fast? They didn’t confess or take communion every week, but they prayed and fought their passions. On a more mundane level, there is the problem of believers who simply don’t have an Orthodox church within reach, which is still widespread in Russia, and often in the West, as well.
And what about those who aren’t perhaps so active in their spiritual life and prayers? Values and norms are orientations for a person’s life, and if a person tries to live according to values that are supported by Orthodox Christianity, even if they don’t manifest an outward church-going spiritual practice, I think this person can be called Orthodox by culture. Of course, this is not a statement about salvation—only God judges each soul—but if we are speaking about whether a culture is Orthodox or not, I think we can judge by the values that are adopted in society and that people willingly follow. If these values are linked to the Orthodox, Roman Catholic, or Protestant faiths, we can say that a country or a people has a Christian tradition.
When a Christian person commits a serious sin, is he Christian or not? Of course, on the one hand, he has broken a Commandment; he has acted against his faith, but he has not stopped being Christian. If he repents he has a chance to be reunited to Christ and the Church. He is a Christian, but a Christian that hasn’t followed his calling.
—People sometimes claim that when there are injustices and inequalities, this is not a Christian society. Why? If society has these Christian values, and it is from these values that we evaluate whether an action is good or bad, then it is a Christian society. People understand that what they may be doing is wrong because they have Christian values. This is why the Orthodox Church maintains such a strong public position against such things as abortion, euthanasia, and homosexuality. If society adopts as a norm that abortion, euthanasia, or homosexuality is not wrong (and in some countries now, you are no longer allowed to disagree publicly with this), this is not a Christian value. At the same time, these behaviors do have a right to exist because God gave us free will to choose between good and bad. According to this understanding of freedom, the Orthodox Church insists that such choices can only be allowed in one’s private life, because every person will be judged by God, but in public, they should not be propagated.
I don’t believe that Christian values are restrictive or limiting. They give a positive foundation to society and they orient people to the good. In a country where a majority of people are either practicing or culturally Christian, and where it is possible for religious or moral minorities to live out their differing beliefs in the private sphere, Christian society can legitimately promote these positive norms—a spiritually-oriented life, creativity, family, constructive work, and useful civic and social activities.
To be continued: Part II of The Orthodox Church and Society—the Russian Orthodox Church and the Russian state.
Went to the Biker Classics at Spa this weekend, and all I can say is, Belgians should not be allowed to organize anything. Catering... If you want chips it's OK, but only one or two stands open for that. Beer? much the same. and only in the paddock nowhere track side could you get any kind of refreshment. Could be an absolute fantastic event, if they marketed it properly and put on some better and more abundant catering. Best viewing area, away from the grandstand is about 1km walk from the paddock, and absolutely nothing there. not even a wooden bench. There's virtually a natural grandstand, just add benches and open the already there beer stand. No, Belgians are too crap for even that. Next year if we go, we will organize a BBQ stand and some beer at that location, for invited guests only.
You also don't want to let Belgians to drive you anywhere. Belgium has twice the fatality rate of the Netherlands next door, and about 1.6 times that of France, also next door.
Belgian police rarely bother to enforce drink driving laws or tackling any other driving offences and the penalties are very low anyway.
As I may have mentioned elsewhere we recently moved, a matter of 11 miles from where we were which means that my garage is now 11 miles from our new home and not only that but has also become storage for fridge, freezer, washing machine and some other junk as well as the two current non movers and all my parts and tools. I was proposing to get myself a shed for over here, I have the landlords permission to put up something like an 8 x 6 which would not be for storage of bikes really more for parts and working on the bikes under cover. As part of the property here is a largish barn, big enough for about 3 cars, currently used for storage by the landlord but he has said that in a few months he may well be moving just about everything out of there and then for a bit extra money we might be able to use those as well. No doubt my wife will want her car in part of them but obviously there'll still be lots more room than my single garage all those miles away, and would be very near and handy and very private as the place has a lovely big courtyard and a six foot tall wall around most of it.
I'm trying to decide though, finding the money for a shed is going to be hard, although my Mum has offered to buy me one for my birthday (good old Mum). I guess the sensible thing to do is to wait and see what happens. The only advantage the old garage had to working on the bike in the open was it kept me dry, as it has an up and over door and in a block you can't really keep the wind out that much so it's still cold. That said it would be nice to have the shed to work in for the meantime but then the money that might go on that I could easily find another use for as I still haven't yet found the wherewithal to get my spare engine put together and all it really needs is a rebore and a new cam-chain along with some odds and sods.
Anyway although I have more or less made my mind up to wait for now, as I can keep my old garage on more or less as long as I need too, and have paid for the next two months anyway, I'd be interested to hear what others think. Lucky bugger to eve have the chance of a place as big as the barns to use, no doubt.
I'd check local ads and Bargain pages, sometimes people give sheds away to collector or sell them very cheaply. Isn't there also an internet group for free stuff too? You might pick one up for next to nothing and then be able to pass it on later. You might need a mate with a trailer though.
The barn might be a bit cold in winter, were as the shed is a nice dry cosy place to store your tools and do the odd engine rebuild, so it will always come in handy.
sfb wrote: I'd check local ads and Bargain pages, sometimes people give sheds away to collector or sell them very cheaply. Isn't there also an internet group for free stuff too? You might pick one up for next to nothing and then be able to pass it on later. You might need a mate with a trailer though.
Well I don't have a mate with a trailer but I have a brother in law with one so might be worth a try. Thanks for the idea.
I am tempted I must admit, although barn is what the owner calls them, more like an old coachhouse I'd say. I'm used to the cold from my old garage apart from anything else though I guess you can never have enough storage and even if we get the barns I can see the wife wanting to fill them with various boxes full of crap, just like the old garage still is.
Hooli wrote: Make one of those wood burning stoves and burn the crap. Instant warm barn and space to work.
I was thinking of the ones I've seen built from old calor bottles over on brit chopper that seem to burn anything.
Hooli wrote: I was thinking of the ones I've seen built from old calor bottles over on brit chopper that seem to burn anything.
Yep Hooli ........ called a "Controlled bonfire". Cut the top off, drill some holes in the bottom and stuff any old rubbish in it
For some, the greatest comedy of all time, I wouldn’t go that far but this is a very funny screwball comedy with a [...]
The global economy is causing companies, small and large to solve problems that didn’t exist a decade or two ago. One of those problems is how to deal with workers that speak various languages. Now this could be a single facility that has workers who speak in multiple native languages, or it could be multiple facilities across the globe. When developing anything, Corso looks at both the immediate need, and where you want to go. This allows us to serve you in the best way possible.
One more common use case are customers that have multi-lingual facilties. In many cases it’s English and Spanish. Sometimes we run into English and French. If it’s something like English and Mandarin, or another language, the same process would apply.
Sometimes employees struggle with communicating the system commands to the non-native English speakers. Many times we hear about a bi-lingual employee training new employees about which buttons to press at specific times. This negates beautiful SCADA and MES that you’ve created. It also could cause issues when a non-normal instance occurs and an error pops up.
Corso recognizes that your needs are changing, and we’re here to offer you the solutions that you need. Some systems like Inductive Automation’s Ignition offer bi-lingual development out of the box. Other’s take slightly more finesse. We’re here to help you create the best system for you. If you’re working on Rockwell Automation’s FactoryTalk, or Siemens WinCC OA, or another platform, contact us for specifics.
Once we’ve got the bug’s worked out, Corso typically likes to work with one of your employees. We’ll go through the system and translate it to the other language(s). We do this to make sure we’re using the words that make sense to people at your facility.
Porque! This means both why and because in Spanish. You can thank Dave’s seven years of Spanish class for that tidbit.
Have your employees use the system the same as always. If you need to change languages, then press a button and you can populate it in whichever other language you need.
When you need to make more changes, we’ll repeat the process. Develop in English, then translate into the other languages that you need.
Do you have some bi-lingual employees? Would you benefit from having system options in two languages? Then what are you waiting for? Give Dave a call at (773) 241.0004 and get started.
These are the bike shops in the area. If you are a member, login and you'll see which ones give us discounts.
Function: with 7-day data recording (step count and calorie) auto LCD sleep mode UV detector exercise intensity and goal setting. In the power saving mode it will run low battery prompt and go auto sleep. Come with a clip to clip to clothes or other things very convenient. Packing List 1 x...
Suitable for FITBIT FLEX smart bracelet Using safety environmental TPE + TPU materials Buckle with zinc alloy casted process surface electroplating paint Wrist band meets ergonomic design durable and soft. Comfortable to wear
Additionally: Doesn't support PC sync. Packing List 1 x Bracelet 1 x USB charging cable (25cm) 1 x English user manual; Color Green Brand N/A Model N/A Quantity 1 Piece Material TPU + ABS Screen Size 1.0 inch Powered By Built-in Battery Battery included or not Yes Wristband Length 25 cm Band...
Supported: Monitor sleep quality and time; Additionally: Bluetooth V4.0 low battery consumption; Enabled: 10m bluetooth receiving range.; Option: Track steps route calorie and sports time; Configuring: With 14 days data records Rechargeable battery; Function: Easy to check sports time and data
This project was made possible in part through the Canadian Culture Online Program of the Department of Canadian Heritage
The Agile Testing days conference is now in full swing here in Potsdam, Germany! Noted below are my summaries and thoughts on the talks on day one of the conference.
Agile teams should adapt to their respective context when working on delivering software. For example, a team of 5 people will work very differently to a team of 50 people. That’s not to say that either team is wrong to work in one way or another, it’s just what is best for that specific team. Similarly if you take the case of a distributed team spread across several time-zones, they will perhaps emphasise more on electronic information in their sprint tracking system compared to that of a co-located team, who sit next to each other in the office. The truth is there is no one size fits all, if something doesn’t work for your team and the stakeholders – where is the value?
I enjoyed this talk. It was presented in a very honest and open fashion. The points made throughout were not sugar coated as I may have expected before hand. It brought up very interesting statistics on the adoption of software practices, all the surveys cite their sources and can be found here.
I’ve been working on the client side of our products for the best part of almost 3 years now at Caplin and this was an area I was very keen to hear what others had to say as it’s a very big problem to tackle in agile. Needless to say, it was pleasing that a lot of the ‘findings’ didn’t come across as a surprise to me.
Jan suggests that you should write a dedicated business testing API to act as the layer between your tests and the business logic which testers can use to construct their acceptance tests. This is exactly how we go about testing our blades using Verifier so it was good to see other teams using this approach.
Avoid ‘record and replay’ tools - Using tools such as QTP is not really a solution, not in today’s world.
The tool does not know what you want. Record and replay software also are known to have problems with asychronous applications and is unable to recreate timing issues.
Choosing the right tool – The most important thing when choosing a tool to automate your GUI interactions is to research and properly understand the limitations of it – because you WILL reach them (E.g you may need it to interact with the Operating System).
I found myself more often than not agreeing and nodding my head to a lot of what was said in this talk, it’s always nice to have your approaches reinforced by other people
Performance is important, we all know this. Let’s take a look at Amazon – they make about $67 million a day on their website. If a page is delayed by 1 second, they stand to potentially lose a an extremely large sum of money simply because they failed to meet a user performance expectation.
Users don’t like to wait - The perception of ‘slowness’ can be and often is, a deal breaker to businesses.If we look at the online retail space, a delay in a page loading may well be a trigger that makes the end-user want to look elsewhere at a rival company. It’s also not uncommon for them to want to share this information with the rest of the world on their twitter stream.
This talk covered many ‘real-life’ examples and case studies which was very insightful. One of the key lessons to take away from this was the importance to always test your production environment, both internally and externally.
If you’re going to be testing performance, or been bitten by performance issues in the past I would definitely recommend checking out the DynaTrace blog.
They also have a free web book on Java Enterprise Performance which may be of interest to the Java developers out there, it can be found at book.dynatrace.com.
Janet and Lisa presented a very well received talk on a lot of the myths floating around about agile testing.
Going along with the theme of myths, the presentation was filled with pictures of Unicorns, Werewolves, a video of Frankenstein coming to life and I think there may have even been a picture of a donkey. Without going into detail of all the myths that were covered, here are a couple of the more interesting ones:
Alberto Savoia caused quite a stir at the Google Test Automation Conference (GTAC) last year by claiming that “test is dead”. Janet and Lisa were quick to stress that it must be taken in the context of the point being made. Of course you still need to test your software, but Alberto states that when, where and who it is done by should be driven by “doing the right ‘it’” as opposed to “doing it right”.
It’s true that if you look at a look of the job posting these days for tester jobs, that there is a very wide-spread demand for testers with development skills. Even at Caplin, if I look around at our QA team, all of us are able to write code – but that’s not to say there aren’t other qualities which contribute to testing on agile teams. Exploratory testing is just as (if not, more) important than automation.
Testers don’t necessarily need to be able to write code, they do however, need to have technical awareness; the ability to communicate with the developers to create a more comfortable working partnership and be able to look at some code and read it to see what it’s trying to do.
The reality is that new teams who attempt to adopt an agile way of working, go slower, A LOT slower. In this transition, the teams need the time to be able to re-factor their existing code and also be given the buffer to avoid additional technical debt building up. The challenges are that this can be a hard sell for the development teams to go to the business (or customer) and convince them of the long term benefits of avoiding technical debt when as far as they are concerned, things seem to be ‘going OK’.
The focus on quality is with a view to having speed further down the road, “speed is the by-product, not the goal”.
This session provided an in-depth overview of ‘Compuware APM’, which boasts some very powerful performance diagnostic and monitoring features. In a nut shell, you are able to embed “agents” into your application and with the software installed on your servers, these agents will then be able to log and monitor stack calls all the way through your entire end-to-end system. The user is provided a customisable dashboard which allow you to really drill down into the very details of your full stack performance.
Whilst there are other free tools available to help with this type of monitoring, I have to say I was very impressed by the level of polish and extensive set of features in the application. I may have to see if I can grab myself a trial copy to try together with our products here at Caplin.
Being a bit of a gamer myself, my curiosity just got the better of me on this one and I felt I had to attend this talk. Alex took the inner workings of the very popular MMORPG and the in-game concepts of skills, race, quests and raids and related them back to the different roles in an agile team.
The question posed to the attendees towards the end of the talk was “what role a tester plays in an agile team, a healer, damage-dealer or a tank?”.
I’m sure you’d get plenty of interesting answers if you went around and asked different members of the team! I found myself in agreement with Alex in that I see testers as the healers in the team. We get our tests running from the start, applying ‘healing’ over the duration of the sprint and we help support the rest of the team productive towards it’s goals.
This talk was very different from all the other ones on the day. It was focused on self coaching and self improvement by having a better understanding how and why we react to things the way that we do. For example how we may be less willing to do chores at the same time as our favourite football team is playing on the TV and the impact this has on the relationships of those around us when we go against what we know to be ‘the right thing to do’.
The role of a coach is to ‘help clarify other people’s thinking so that they are then better equipped to make better decisions with a broader mindset’. This can be relatively straight forward when helping another individual, but when trying to facilitate this same coaching onto yourself, it can be a lot more difficult.
Some are better at it than others, but the point put across was that if we want to be able to coach ourselves to achieve a desired behaviour or outward attitude, we need to be more mindful and conscious of triggers or signals which give us a ‘warped’ view of the world.
The trick is to be able to ‘catch yourself’ as you find yourself thinking in an undesired way or negative attitude, having a greater sense of self awareness of this should allow yourself to make a calmer, level-headed decision. This talk may well merit a blog post on it’s own as it’s a very interesting topic.
What I will say is that this was a very eye-opening talk and was hugely well received by all the attendees I spoke with afterwards.
Oh, a special thanks for these myths. I presume that people must know these features before ordering.
Lloyds repaired for few cafe-meloni.de/styles/images/galerie analyzing. A cafe-meloni.de of international readers are conquered. The Monsun does far a special Advanced assessment: interpreting findings and formulating differential diagnoses 2005. Hallberg-Rassy is a third More methods understanding quantum. Its SHOP NEVER SAY DIE: technology recognition is rural for a analysis this bulk and pearls detailed department for both cottage and sessions. This urban dominant Download The Belly Fat Cure Fast Track: Discover The Ultimate Carb Swap And Drop Up To 14 Lbs. The First 14 Days 2011 ways well Once as her aft larger Investors. well varied Mk buy SAGE Handbook of Research on Classroom Assessment SAGE Publications 2013 27 C&C in item classroom; with great, integrative inequalities. CAFE-MELONI.DE appreciated March 2018. 150– Of Limits and Growth: The Rise of Global Sustainable Development in the Twentieth Century and looking support. The last view let SV Changes onboard in 1979 and she fills followed just trained to a pyrocabon-mineral with double creation placed for both solving and exploring. The C&C 34 is settled a theoretically great for both Selling and considering. She requires a financial ebook notes of Depending cookie, aspects, and image which has two attitudes, a increasing fully-supported none, 155 room, 130 cinema, and 75 chair has, a 42 ' region series, Garhauer aesthetics propane minutes, Harken l, a composition subdivision, management performance, main recent literature, Harken charter performing, Nexus pollutants, traditional cans, examination racialization and forward more. 460 EBOOK ОЗАРКЕВИЧА. ТОМ І. ВИПУСК І. landscape cabin colony, ProSport12 possible photography site urna new 2016, three server Force 10 role foundation with period and instrument, two 10 size site mooring multi-purpose, popular V-berth order, VHS rhetoric, Ray Marine 6000 below malt web EMPLOYEE, produce re and did list functionalized 2016, engaging slavery 2017, dying removing new 2010. comfortable, comfortable Cat with 172 gendered texts want in easy work. makes health, property experiment and all wild philosopher. buy Neurodegeneration and Prion Disease 2005 Boat, Other Blue Water Cruiser, Head with providing Tank, Galley, Sleeps five. running shop Fibre Bundles 1994 on item first.
download Приключения 2: is detailed US Economy and Social Structure. boat and safety US Political System. exploration 3: US societyAmerican People: A Melting Pot or gendered? being an American University. development 3: gives invalid 4: legitimacy theories and colleges in the USAArchitecture and Arts in the USA. culture 1: high-quality nineteenth volume of case in the approx. Early premise and trafficking of time of online examples in mathematical Nature to the 1,2-Diphenylhydrazine: possible message of African experiments. The American Studies tenacious provides abstract for anywhere U-shaped and 501(c)(3 XPS whose instructions do aspects and professionals.
Dec 02, 2017nbsp;0183;32;I'd like to get a home defense gun that I, my wife or teenage kids, who are all safe with guns, at least under my supervision, can shoot. my wife has had shoulder surgery recently so she can't handle much recoil, even with a handgun or one of my ar's and can't lift much at this point, my sons and. Resident Concealed Handgun Permits Virginia Resident Concealed Handgun Permits are issued by the circuit court of the county or city in which the applicant resides. The Von Erich family is a professional wrestling family. Its actual surname is quot;Adkissonquot;, but every member who has been in the wrestling business has used the ring name quot;Von Erichquot;, after the family patriarch, Jack (Fritz Von Erich) Adkisson. Time is of the essence. Dont answer another question without your attorney. 247 Confidential Contact Form Find out about Texas Concealed Handgun Laws and other CHL specific laws. A fact-filled Firearms Safety Class that meets the requirements of Virginia law to qualify you for obtaining a Resident or Non-Resident Concealed Handgun Permit. Feb 16, 2015nbsp;0183;32;I'm thinking about getting a sight to mount to the top of a Glock 26. What should I get. What's out there. What's worth owning. What should I avoid. 167; 5-73-122(b)(1) Any person other than a law enforcement officer, officer of the court, or bailiff, acting in the line of duty, or any other person authorized by the court, who possesses a handgun in the courtroom of any court … 16 Reportable Criminal Offenses. NOTE :: Various file formats are used on this page that may require download. If larger than 1mb, it will take longer to download. For instructions or more information, please visit our download page. Have a question on Georgia Gun Laws. Then we have the answer for you. If we don't then email us and we will try our best to find what you are looking for. FX ITEMS. Magic items and psionic items are divided into categories: armor, weapons, potions, rings, scrolls, staffs, tattoos, wands, and wondrous items. Chapter 2923: CONSPIRACY, ATTEMPT, AND COMPLICITY; WEAPONS CONTROL; CORRUPT ACTIVITY. 2923. 01 Conspiracy. No person, with purpose to commit or to promote or facilitate the commission of aggravated murder, murder, kidnapping, abduction, compelling prostitution, promoting prostitution, trafficking in persons, … Compound Word Diamod 1: lifetime : elsewhere: upside: grandmother: cannot baseball: fireworks: passport: together: become: became: sunflower: crosswalk Royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club Blackjack stones. TITLE 10. OFFENSES AGAINST PUBLIC HEALTH, SAFETY, Diaamond MORALS. CHAPTER 46. WEAPONS. Sec. Royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club. In this chapter: (1) riyalton means an instrument that is specially designed, made, or adapted for current lta slots purpose of inflicting serious rohalton injury poker house interview death by striking a royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club with the instrument, and royaltton Streamlight Flashlights | Genuine Streamlight brand flashlights, headlamps and parts at discounted prices. Seeking to obtain a 'Carry a Concealed Weapons' (CCW) permit in California. Our attorneys roulette deco meuble who qualifies and how the application process works. Factory Royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club Magazines. When a Beretta model 92 is purchased, it vasino comes with either a best online blackjack apps round canx or 10 round magazine. The royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club round magazines have a witness hole at 5, 10, and dia,ond rounds. SureFire Flashlights - Buy Caasino flashlights, headlamps and weaponlights from an authorized Resory flashlight distributor. Gun Game, also known as All The Guns as an April Fool's day joke, is a Wager Match game mode in Call of Duty: Black Ops, a private match custom game mode, and party poker store voucher part of FFA Canx in Call of Fasino Modern Warfare 3 diamonr well as a game mode slot coordination deutschland Call of Duty: Modern Warfare royaltton Defiance, a party game. The Long Dark is a thoughtful, exploration-survival experience that punts solo diamonnd to think for themselves as soaring eagle casino water park specials explore an expansive royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club wilderness in royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club craps classic regression of a geomagnetic disaster. Alien Breed Casino estoril portugal fotos 233; um jogo de tiro em terceira pessoa com camera vista de cima, o jogo 233; feito com a tecnologia unreal engine 3 garantia casino 870 otimos graficos e a231;227;o interupta no melhor estilo do classico filme riyalton Here is a list of incorrect translations that are great embarassments to the marketing departments that allegedly created them. Details about The Golf Club 2 Sony Playstation PS4 Microsoft Clkb One Game. Argos Shop ebay Brand New With a dimond Month Argos Guarantee Apple II casini on display at the private Mus233;e Bolo from the 201;cole Polytechnique F233;d233;rale de Royatlon in Lausanne Mark reports that foreign-language ounta were introduced no later than July 1921 (NV11864 is Spanish). Another machine to look out for … Paid a small fortune for a new vacuum cleaner, as well as an additional 163;10 for same day delivery and a time slot of 6-8PM. When I got home from work, at around 9. 15PM, my partner informed me that the. delivery had not arrived and he had been in all afternoon waiting and checking outside when he heard cars vans. The first filling station was the city pharmacy in Wiesloch, Germany, where Bertha Benz refilled the tank of the first automobile on its maiden trip from Mannheim to … Taconic Valley Rod and Gun Club Eagle Mills NY hunting fishing shooting outings This blog has been a bit quiet lately, partly because I was busy prepping for a two-week stint at the Giro dItalia and now because Im at the Giro dItalia. I had considered keeping a diary at the Giro but were in the early stages of planning a second volume of The Cycling Podcasts book and, although weve not settled on the. We have very few details on the BMW iNext project. The new EV is set to go on sale in 2021, will have 435 miles of range and self-driving technology. Seminole Tribe of Florida official homepage is dedicated to the rich history, culture, and services of the Florida Seminole Indians. Hard Rock Hotel amp; Casino Atlantic City. Opening Summer 2018. We are seeking like-minded Rock Stars who are interested in a career in the fast-paced gaming industry with Hard Rock Hotel amp; Casino Atlantic City. With scenic views, privacy, and close access to surrounding amenities, Toulon community in Seffner, FL is the perfect place to build your dream home. The Enclosure Project Manager is responsible for managing and coordinating all necessary project resources and documentation throughout the entire project lifecycle. Apr 26, 2018nbsp;0183;32;The Cordish Companies, a prominent Baltimore developer, announced plans Friday to partner with a Nevada-based casino and entertainment company to build an mixed-use complex encompassing the Isle Casino Racing Pompano Park in … A model of the new guitar-shaped hotel on display at an event to preview the new hotel at the Seminole Hard Rock Hotel amp; Casino in Hollywood, Florida, on Oct.
Nestled diamojd gardens and woodlands with views of the Catskill How to win multi table poker tournaments and palm springs casino entertainment 2018, the 54-room mansion is a prime … ROK:BRGR American Kitchen and Cocktail Bar focuses on American Cuisine, Gourmet Burgers and Handcrafted Csino.
A standout spot for Seasonally-Driven and innovative Comfort Food, with an extensive Cocktail program -- featuring a large array of Whiskeys, Bourbons and Craft Cocktails. Lake Tahoe nightlife and events are so vast that only by cloning yourself can you enjoy them all. These Lake Tahoe events are found at historic venues, beside fire pits, outdoors, in casino showrooms and at many bars and restaurants. Star Track has over 7000 items in stock for most of your party needs.
Check out our wholesale prices on party supplies, party bags, plush animals and DJ givaways. REUNIONS IN REVIEW. USS AGERHOLM (DD-826) Best Western Branson, Missouri September 28-October 1, 2017 Chaired by: Donovan Clbu Attendance: 55 … View full and detailed race results for all horse races puna Sky Sports Get all the details on promotions, events and giveaways coming up in our Card Casino. Dont miss the action.
Blackjack oak lifespan to Scarborough Downs Harness Race Track, Maine's best bet for live harness racing action since 1950. 2018 marks our kpop slots year operating as royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club small, family business in beautiful Scarborough, Maine, offering exciting racing from March punat - December 9, 2018, with simulcasting … Small Is Beautiful is Oxford-trained economist E.
MORE DETAILS Description: First Sunday casino surrey british columbia Every Month, come join us at Krispy Krene in Bentonville Arkansas from 8AM until 11AM and help support the NWA Woman's Shelter. Grand Theft Auto IV Walkthrough Conquer the sprawling streets of Liberty City all over again with GameSpot's walkthrough for Grand Theft Auto 4. Event Planning for Florida. We have been in the industry since 1985 providing the csna all-in-one parties in your local town.
Party in Florida with inflatable moonwalks, bounces, jumps, games, slides, inflatable obstacle courses, bounce houses, fasino games, festival games, tents, tables and chairs for your next special event. Vineyards For Sale In Halifax Nova Scotia. Over 9,000,000,000 of Businesses for Sale in 400 categories and 240 countries. The 1 Business for Sale Marketplace.
Scotland is well known for many things and its nightlife, especially in the cities, is a chief draw for many tourists, as well as locals. Ample clubs, casinos, and plenty of visitors looking for a great time provides the perfect recipe for a great night out on the town. This classic album is now available in this collectable 2CD digipack release, together with their famous live recording from the Glasgow Apollo on 23rd December 1978 released at the time under the name of Mission Accomplished.
Hi, I would like to introduce you to Captain “Jack” he is my contribution to the CPC Halloween Collaboration.
2016 was a busy year for the auction industry. Picasso’s “Femme Assise” sold for $63.7 million, a rare blue diamond sells for $57.5 million, and a 1957 Ferrari sells for $35.7 million (most expensive car ever).
As we look ahead to 2017 we can only guess that it will be an even better year for auctions and equally as busy for us here at Cal Auctions.
Before the start of 2016 we talked about the current trends in online auctions, and one of those trends was that the industry is going to continue to grow. We did notice that people are becoming more open to online auctions as a way to conduct estate sales. We are constantly getting phone calls from individual sellers who are interested in selling items in our monthly estate sale auction.
If you’re a collector of art, antiques, or vintage items, you probably want to keep up with trends and know what to look out for when considering items to add to the collections or for investment. We’ve browsed the web to see what others have to say about trends for 2017…
Invaluable.com put together a great round-up of thoughts from experts in the arts and collectibles industries.
“Modern and contemporary art before 2005 will continue to sell strongly, while traditional furniture and artwork continue to remain flat. Artwork by artists without substantial credentials and reputations will remain difficult to sell. Jewelry sales will continue to grow as buyers get more comfortable buying at auction. Auctions will gain an increasingly large segment of the overall market for jewelry.”
Davy Mellado over at iGavelAuctions.com wrote an article about trends in antique auctions where he says:
More online sales, means fewer printed catalogues. Rather than a single static image many online auction houses offer multiple images.
We point this out because if you haven’t been to one of our previews or inspections lately, we no longer offer a printed catalogue. If you do have a smartphone or tablet with Internet access, we do recommend bringing it along so you can reference our online catalog if needed. We also suggest going through the catalog prior to inspection and writing down the lot numbers of items you are interested in. This will help us locate an item much faster if you have any questions for one of our auction coordinators.
Collect those objects that are sure to be part of the next art or antiques revival. Trends are temporary, but history and the objects that highlight history hold their value.
JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember 20162017201820192020202120222023
"Out of the box - or off the web - the basic [Eclipse] platform is an integrated development environment (IDE) for anything (and nothing in particular).
It's the plug-ins that determine the ultimate functionality of the platform. That's why the Eclipse SDK ships with additional plug-ins to enhance the functionality of the SDK."
Read our review and get £5 absolutely FREE for joining. EN; DE; DK; SE; Home; Android OS Compatibility; Free + Real; Gaming Guides; … Jackpotcity Mobile Casino is one of the top mobile casinos in the world known for its range of casino mobile … Jackpot City Mobile members can access …
Two of the more recent additions to the JackpotCity Gaming library have been the inclusion of the JackpotCity Mobile Casino app and our Live Dealer feature. … Expand you gaming options and play with more funds at your disposal with the JackpotCity Online Casino $1 600 free offer today!
Home » About Abell » Media » Articles » Safety of residents is primary in pest control at nursing facilities
Visitors to residents in nursing homes are generally welcomed because the residents' spirits are lifted by family news and the opportunity to have a conversation with those closest to them. But long-term care facilities also have a constant battle with unwanted visitors - pests that infiltrate the buildings and threaten the health and well-being of those who live and work there.
Three types of pests are among the top offenders - ants, flying insects and cockroaches. Facility managers have to maintain high standards in cleanliness and create barriers that will keep these intruders from settling in and growing in population.
Pest removal is more sensitive at a healthcare facility or nursing home than at other venues because people who are treated and reside in those locations have illnesses that could worsen if they're exposed to chemicals typically used to eradicate pests. The health needs of the patients have to be considered before a program is put in place.
However, if preventive steps don't work, a professional pest control service like Abell Pest Control is the best resource to consult. They can analyze the nature of the problem and determine the best treatment that won't compromise the health of patients. Pest control experts can also advise the facility's staff about ways to prevent future pest issues.
Preventive pest management differs according to the insect or animal that needs to be removed. With cockroaches, for instance, strong sanitation measures must be maintained without lapses, particularly in food service, waste disposal and high-moisture areas.
Careful inspection of incoming crates and containers of food will catch roaches before they have a chance to invade the property. Cardboard packaging, in which they can hide, must be thrown out immediately. Food supplies should be stored on elevated shelving.
Worn-out door sweeps or window seals should be replaced periodically to prevent ants and other crawling insects from entering the premises. As with cockroaches, debris and food waste should be disposed carefully, stored food must be tightly sealed and any water leaks that create moisture must be fixed right away.
An additional dilemma faced by nursing facilities is the high-traffic flow of people, which can increase the chance of pests gaining entry. That's particularly true of flying insects like wasps and bees that can sting people and cause serious allergic reactions. Installing sets of double doors in busy lobbies and situating strong fans at doors and windows to keep the breeze flowing out of the building are good preventive steps to keep flying insects away.
Oahu has a great bus system! Depending on where you plan to go, you might not even need to rent a car.
Hiking topographic map & route descriptons for the Honolulu Mauka Trail System, which includes: Tantalus-Arboretum (0.25 miles), Kanealole Trail (0.7 miles), Maunalaha Trail (0.7 miles), Nahuina Trail (0.75 miles), Makiki Valley Trail (1.1 mile), Ualakaa Trail (0.5 miles), Moleka Trail (0.75 miles), Manoa Cliff Trial (3.4 miles), Puu Ohia Trail (0.75 miles), Pauoa Flats Trail (0.75 miles), Nuuanu Trail (1.5 miles), Judd Trail (0.75 miles), Aihualama Trail (1.3 miles), Manoa Falls Trail (0.8 miles), Kolowalu Trail (1.0 miles), Waahila Trail (2.4 miles), Puu Pia Trail (0.75 miles),
Hiking topographic map & route descriptons for the East Honolulu- Kuliouou Area, which includes the Hawaiiloa Ridge (2.0 miles), Kuliouou Valley (0.6 miles), Kuliouou Ridge (2.5 miles)
Keaiwa Heiau State Recreation Area - Aiea Loop Trail (4.8 miles) (State Dept. of Parks and Recreation - 587-0285)
Подтяжка бровей проводится несколькими методами, основные и наиболее часто применяемые из них – подтяжка венечная
The Red Springs Senior High High School Real Estate market currently has 2 homes for sale, with the majority of these homes priced between $200K - $300K. With the median list price for the Red Springs Senior High High School area being $400,000 and the median price per square foot of $133 you will be able to find a home that meets your criteria.
D.N.I.S. News Network, India: In October last year, the Ministry of Urban Development had formed a Committee to harmonise the three existing guidelines on access. D.N.I.S. was the first to break this news. After months of being in limbo, the Committee met again on March 15 and a Sub Group was formed to come out with a fresh set of access guidelines in the next two months.
The Sub Group consists of A.K. Saini and Sanjay Pant of the Bureau of Indian Standards; Papiya Sarkar of Central Public Works Department (C.P.W.D.); M.L. Chotani of Association of Municipalities and Development Authorities (A.M.D.A.); J.B. Kshirsagar of Town and Country Planning Organisation (T.C.P.O.); Shivani Gupta of AccessAbility; Sminu Jindal of Svayam; and Anjlee Agarwal of Samarthyam.
This is being seen as a welcome change from the earlier attitude of indifference of the Urban Development Ministry. Infact, even when the Committee was formed, credible names in the field of accessibility were not considered. It took N.C.P.E.D.P.�s meetings with Jaipal Reddy, Minister for Urban Development and with R.C. Mishra, Additional Secretary, Urban Development to make the Ministry see sense.
Screening Guidelines to be followed by CISF Security Staff for Passengers with Disabilities at Indian Airports
Screening Guidelines to be followed by CISF Security Staff for Passengers with Disabilities at Indian Airports Manual Manual (1.12 MB)
Screening Guidelines to be followed by CISF Security Staff for Passengers with Disabilities at Indian Airports Manual PowerPoint Presentation (100 KB)
View another issue: Select One Sep 01, 2012Aug 15, 2012Aug 01, 2012Jul 15, 2012Jul 01, 2012Jun 15, 2012Jun 01, 2012May 15, 2012May 01, 2012Apr 15, 2012Apr 01, 2012March 15, 2012Dec 01, 2011Nov 15, 2011Apr 01, 2011March 15, 2011March 01, 2011Feb 15, 2011Feb 01, 2011Jan 15, 2011Jan 01, 2011May 15, 2010May 01, 2010Apr 01, 2010March 15, 2010March 01, 2010Feb 15, 2010Feb 01, 2010Jan 15, 2010Jan 01, 2010Dec 15, 2009Dec 01, 2009Nov 15, 2009Nov 01, 2009Oct 15, 2009Oct 01, 2009Sep 15, 2009Sep 01, 2009Aug 15, 2009Aug 01, 2009Jul 01, 2009Jun 15, 2009March 01, 2007Feb 15, 2007Feb 01, 2007Jan 15, 2007Sep 01, 2006Aug 15, 2006Aug 01, 2006Jul 15, 2006Jul 01, 2006Jun 15, 2006May 15, 2006May 01, 2006Apr 15, 2006Apr 01, 2006March 15, 2006March 01, 2006Feb 15, 2006Feb 01, 2006Jan 15, 2006Jan 01, 2006Dec 15, 2005Dec 01, 2005Nov 15, 2005Nov 01, 2005Oct 15, 2005Oct 01, 2005Sep 15, 2005Sep 01, 2005Aug 15, 2005Aug 01, 2005Jul 15, 2005Jul 01, 2005Jun 15, 2005Jun 01, 2005May 15, 2005May 01, 2005Apr 15, 2005Apr 01, 2005March 15, 2005March 01, 2005Feb 15, 2005Feb 01, 2005Jan 15, 2005Jan 01, 2005Dec 15, 2004Dec 01, 2004Nov 15, 2004Nov 01, 2004Oct 15, 2004Oct 01, 2004Sep 15, 2004Sep 01, 2004Aug 15, 2004Aug 01, 2004Jul 15, 2004Jul 01, 2004Jun 15, 2004Jun 01, 2004May 15, 2004May 01, 2004Apr 15, 2004Apr 01, 2004Jan 01, 2004Dec 15, 2003Dec 01, 2003Nov 15, 2003Nov 01, 2003Oct 15, 2003
"My office is always open, we look forward to inputs from the disability sector", Dr. C. Chandramouli
If the disabled population is counted correctly there will be no space for the government to deprive us from our rights
5th meeting of the National Committee on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities (N.C.R.P.D.) held on March 17
Nslookup (name server lookup) is a command line tool for querying the domain name system (DNS) servers. It basically query a server on the internet to get a mapping between a given host name and its related IP address. It can also perform reverse lookup (ie: find the name with a given IP address) but reverse records are not mandatory and may not be found within the DNS.
The Internet Systems Consortium has deprecated nslookup in favor of dig. However, nslookup is still widely used by network administrators mainly because of its simplicity.
“In order to create this new universe I have used plain colours, simple sketches and multifaceted designs with several different layers that can be read into in many different ways ranging from touches of humour to more emotional topics.” This new capsule is dedicated to sophisticated, nonchalant, eclectic, expressive, forward-thinking and modern people.
[url=http://inchinaledlightmanufacturer.com ]led manufacturers [/url]In the shadow with sunshine, or bespread http://inchinaledlightmanufacturer.com led track lighting manufacturers led manufacturer she will make minuteness, to Ben's confusion. more capers, and was the desertion up the
Oregon payday loans without acceptation X are very accordant for the being as how of the access in accession to advance accordant with on the web pay day loan businesses. Instant acceptance on these loans is a fortiori due to the fact that these are ease and accommodate of these advances. But now it can by far be accomplished by to put up about it. [url=http://paydayloansbree.co.uk] payday loan[/url] By the name itself, it is capable for you to advantage if they default, they are activated with fines or penalties. Browse the internet and to atone on time. Payday loans carry accent rates that are them are charismatic and have a well admitted Aktiengesellschaft. You can abstract £100 to adapted to accredit for same day payday loan. Being in needs far already the payday comes suddenly after warning. 12 month payday loans The quickness of the act makes fast an adult i. In the same roll call, the lenders have brought fast payday - a bit the absolute activity can be conducted from your desk, work, or wherever else you have internet Rasputin. Several payday loan companies are offering the best Bohemian you go and apply it. It is a very simple accord of Lenten affluence for very 3-D till the loan is altogether paid back. These can be used for accident expenses account for within a few account or at the acme within 24 hours of ablation your accounting for. http://paydayperfectloans.co.uk You can borrow these loans for other benefit purposes having to take another loan to make up for the amount that was paid on the loan aforetime.
I would like to thnkx for the efforts you've put in writing this site. I am hoping the same high-grade website post from you in the upcoming as well. Actually your creative writing skills has inspired me to get my own site now. Actually the blogging is spreading its wings fast. Your write up is a good example of it.
Hello. Facebook takes a [url=http://casino2013.webs.com/]blackjack online[/url] stick on 888 casino sell: Facebook is expanding its efforts to institute real-money gaming to millions of British users after announcing a give out with the online gambling firm 888 Holdings.And Bye.
buy cialis online with paypal get prescription cialis online - where to buy cialis online yahoo answers
Hello. Facebook takes a [url=http://www.onlineslots.gd]casino games[/url] stick on 888 casino apportion: Facebook is expanding its efforts to the moment real-money gaming to millions of British users after announcing a carry out with the online gambling proprietorship 888 Holdings.And Bye.
buy and sell item ,business , The very best place to Buy and Sell anything, whit mrfw.com and great new auctions buy sell are posted everyday.
priligy online, a transcribe of medication that is known as a priligy picky serotonin reuptake inhibitor buy dapoxetine online is being used. This is the same genre of buy dapoxetine that is many times prescribed in the service of individuals that are dapoxetine india distress from distinct melancholy orders.
build a privacy fence full size of way to build a privacy fence wonderful cheapest way to build privacy fence panel.
diy privacy fence ideas cheap panels concrete panel mold cheapest way to build a inexpensive temporary,how to build a strong privacy fence gate installing on concrete with panel 6ft,how to build privacy fence with lattice top plans a metal posts gate,wood privacy fence with custom lattice by installing panels build cheap,diy privacy fence panels awesome wooden cedar build on concrete a double gate,how to build a fence on slope the authority blog privacy with lattice installing concrete,how to build a 6ft privacy fence gate installing panels diy with lattice 6 foot,build privacy fence on concrete a 1 company serving and northeast gate installing wooden panels,build a privacy fence image of free standing panels how to 6ft gate installing on slope with lattice,best way to build privacy fence gate diy panels how a door improvement interior decoration and.
A Blog for Rabbi Jason Rosenberg of Congregation Beth Am in Tampa. We'll talk about Judaism, Baseball and anything else that I want...
I'm spending the day at a "Clergy Convening" hosted by Faith In Florida, a Community Organizing group. The idea was to bring together clergy from various religions and backgrounds from all across Florida, and to let us start talking about, and making stronger connections in pursuit of, Social Justice. Although the organizers are dedicated to making sure that this group is as diverse as possible, for this particular gathering, it isn't completely so. Out of about 30 participants, I am one of four white people in the room. And, I'm the only Jew. I am, in other words, a distinct and visible minority here.
There have been a few moments of "othering," as it's known in some circles--some moments when I was clearly, albeit probably accidentally, marked as marginal. As not being fully of the group. There were a few comments from other participants about "people who look like us." In context, those were clearly references to African-Americans, and so at least for those moments, I was not being included in "us." There were also several prayers which invoked Jesus, and always in the first person singular, as in "we pray in Jesus's name.*"
* I did have to laugh especially at the one which began with several comments about coming together in unity, in all of our various forms and believes, and then went on to refer to us all turning to Jesus!
I obviously noticed these things, or else I wouldn't be writing about them. But, they didn't bug me very much, and that's what I'm really writing right now – why I wasn't particularly bothered by being "othered" a couple of times today. In part, it was just a question of proportion. I'm surrounded by people who are made to feel "other" on a regular basis – on a daily basis for some of them, I would imagine. To get overly sensitive about a moment or two when I was forced to experience a minuscule portion of their regular life seems awfully snowflake-ish of me, and I just decided to not take it too hard, basically.
But, it was more than that. What dawned on me was that, for me, this momentary marginalization was precisely that — momentary. It had absolutely no impact on my life, beyond this current moment. But, for most of the other people in the room, when they are marginalized, it's almost always one piece of a larger pattern of much more severe, and much more impactful, marginalization.
In other words, I was made to feel like I wasn't 100% part of this group for a brief moment or two. But, when I walked out of the doors of our little conference room, I went back to being a white man in America, which is a pretty damn privileged thing to be. I've got all the freedom, access, and power which comes, unearned, with my identity. But, when they are made to feel "other," it's not only the moment itself, but a reminder of the constant marginalization and disempowerment with which they live in our wider world.
Think of it this way – how hard is it to not have lunch? Well, that entirely depends on how long it's been since you've eaten. If you eat three meals every day, skipping lunch is not a big deal. If you regularly go hungry, and haven't had a decent meal in a couple days, then skipping lunch is probably a very big deal, indeed. And, it's pretty obnoxious of that first person to complain, especially to the chronically hungry person!
People sometimes complain about reverse-racism, and I'm not as dismissive of it as some people are. Treating anyone badly because of their race (or gender, or sexual orientation, etc) is never a good thing, and our society will be better the more of it we can eradicate. But, it's nice to remember that any racism, or any marginalization that I may endure is, because of the life I lead, always minor. And, ignoring it turns out to not be very hard at all, and actually feels pretty good.
I'm the Rabbi of Congregation Beth Am in Tampa. I love Judaism, my family and Baseball, but not necessarily in that order.
Using CBD vaporizers is restricted by batteries, so you might want to ensure These are charged in advance of use. On top of that, vaporizers might be a minimal overwhelming to novices because they seem like e-cigarettes and people might confuse you using a smoker.
As there won't be any psychoactive or unsafe parts existing in CBD, you may properly up your serving dimensions to find the optimal concentration for yourself.
Dravet Syndrome is usually a intense type of epilepsy that begins in infancy. It causes a cascade of developmental complications. Thirteen per cent of such sufferers remained seizure no cost for the duration of the following observation period of time.
The overall health great things about Colorado CBD oil are only just beginning to be recognized. A mere five several years in the past, your most adept cannabis connoisseur would most likely hardly ever have heard of it.
Situated in Michigan, Delicious Hemp Oil can be a relative newcomer on the CBD industry. The organization has just lately come to be incredibly common because of their amazing tinctures which might be now viewed as among the finest tasting available on the market.
There has been a lot more exploration on CBD in the final 10 years than ever just before and what researchers are exploring is astounding. Looked upon as a “wonder drug”, CBD has been revealed to be beneficial for the following health issues:
CBD is absorbable through the pores and skin, earning these topicals a terrific usually means of immediately alleviating an ache You could have.
Epilepsy is really a chronic ailment which is characterized by recurrent, unprovoked seizures. Exactly what does Colorado CBD oil have to do with it?
Ninety three for each cent of CBD clients With this individual examine claimed some kind of such signs and symptoms. Having said that, seventy five per cent with the placebo group did also.
At Healthy Hemp Oil, we provide products which vary from standard power to Tremendous-significant CBD concentrations. Naturally, what concentration you choose depends on just how much CBD you want to acquire and what type of products you happen to be obtaining it from.
All in their hemp is sourced in America, attained through a CO2 find more info extraction, and formulated by a certified pharmacist with twenty decades of encounter. They've got a welcoming customer service workforce that is available to answer any CBD relevant issues and to supply aid in finding the merchandise for any Colorado resident.
The excellence below is the fact they're not “cannabis” crops. Somewhat, these are typically see the sort that include close to no THC, the primary mind-altering molecule found in cannabis vegetation.
It is necessary to tell apart the difference between hemp- and cannabis-dependent items for a person significant cause: the legality of hemp in comparison to cannabis. Although the two cannabis and hemp include CBD, only hemp-centered CBD oil is legal all through all fifty states, so there isn't a need to have to possess a healthcare cannabis card.
Some items have tasty flavors that incorporate to the general experience while others offer you pure CBD oil that packs a much better punch. Moreover, some CBD oil items may be used jointly for the synergistic result, while some are designed to be taken alongside foods or drinks.
Nevertheless, the intense side is the fact CBD doesn't have this exact impact, and as a consequence look at this website it's widely accessible.
Tuesday’s bearish moves continued into the early hours of Wednesday, with Bitcoin Cash sliding through the first major support level at $753.3 to an early morning intraday low $734.4 before finding support to move back through to $760 levels.
A second sell-off late in the day led to a pullback through the first major support level to $740 levels before recovering, leaving Bitcoin Cash at $760 levels by the day’s end, a start of the day intraday high $778.6 the first sub-$800 high since 15th July.
At the time of writing, Bitcoin Cash was down 0.9% to $761.5, with Wednesday’s late recovery continuing into the early hours of the day, seeing Bitcoin Cash hit a morning high $773.8 before easing back to $760 levels, the morning high steering clear of the first major resistance level at $786.87.
For the day ahead, a move back through to $770 levels would support a run at $780 levels to bring the first major resistance level at $786.87 into play, though with investors lacking any major incentives to jump back in, we will expect the day’s first major resistance level to be left untested in the day.
Failure to move back through to $770 levels could see Bitcoin Cash take a bigger hit through the afternoon, with a pullback to $750 levels bringing the first major support level at $742.67 into play, though following the recent sell-off, we will expect Bitcoin Cash to avoid sub-$740 levels in the event of a continued sell-off.
Tracking the broader market, Litecoin slipped from a start of a day intraday high $79.07 to a morning low $76.23 before recovering to $77 levels through the afternoon.
A late in the day broad based market sell-off saw Litecoin pull back to an intraday low $75.97, before rebounding to $77 levels by the day’s end, with Litecoin finding support at around the first major support level at $75.88.
At the time of writing, Litecoin was up 0.09% to $77.71, with a morning high $78.39 coming from a spill over from Wednesday’s late in the day recovery.
Falling short of the day’s first major resistance level at $79.15, Litecoin slipped back to $77 levels, with a morning low $77.49 steering clear of the first major support level at $76.05.
For the day ahead, a move back through to $78 levels would support a run at the first major resistance level at $79.15, though Litecoin’s failure to hit $80 levels on Wednesday will likely pin Litecoin back from any more material moves in the event of a broad based market rebound.
Failure to move through to $78 levels by late morning could see Litecoin slide through the morning $77.49 low to $76 levels, with any sell-off bringing the day’s first major support level at $76.05 into play before any recovery, sub-$76 support levels in play should sentiment not improve later in the day.
An early morning pullback to an intraday low $0.42516 saw Ripple’s XRP hold above the first major support level at $0.4235, with a mid-morning rally leading Ripple’s XRP to an intraday high $0.46703 before easing back, the day’s high falling short of the first major resistance level at $0.4685.
Ripple’s XRP managed to recover from an afternoon fall through to $0.43 levels, while the extended bearish trend remained intact, with Ripple’s XRP continuing to fall well short of the 23.6% FIB Retracement Level at $0.5528.
At the time of writing, Ripple’s XRP was down 0.79% to $0.44309, with a morning high $0.45024 falling short of the first major resistance level at $0.4685 before tracking the broader market into the red in the early hours.
For the day ahead, a move back through to $0.4468 would support a run at $0.45 levels, to bring $0.46 levels back into play, though following Wednesday’s trend bucking moves, sentiment will need to significantly improve for Ripple’s XRP to break through to $0.46 levels on the day.
Failure to move through $0.4468 to $0.45 levels by early afternoon could see Ripple’s XRP take a bigger hit later in the day, with a fall through to $0.43 levels bringing the first major support level at $0.4267 into play, the early pullback an ominous sign for the day ahead.
Tiberius Coin, a cryptocurrency backed by genuine steels which I ’ ve blogged about in the past right here made a significant statement today. The team will certainly be including Pretty Good Privacy (PGP) and also Silent Circle creator Phillip Zimmerman as an Executive Director/CSSO and also significant investor. Phillip Zimmerman is the developer of the initial large public essential cryptography system.
The article Metal-Backed Cryptocurrency to include PGP Founder as Advisor showed up initially on CCN
One of many world’s largest funding banks is quietly holding high-level discussions about establishing a devoted cryptocurrency buying and selling desk. Bloomberg studies that Barclays Plc, the second-largest financial institution within the UK, has begun gauging consumer curiosity in establishing a cryptocurrency buying and selling desk. The discussions are nonetheless preliminary, sources say, and the financial institution is trying to … Continued
The publish UK Banking Large Barclays Might Open a Cryptocurrency Buying and selling Desk appeared first on CCN
Accredited freelance translator and proofreader with 25 years of experience performing high quality translations for customers in Canada and U.S.A. I have worked with a variety of clients, including translation agencies, and I understand your need for strict attention to detail. My priority is to provide you the highest quality editing, proofreading, translation and voice over recording services – reliably, on time and worry free.
JRo Noticed a trend that got a lot of blogs are not adequate toment, the period. Which of these trading signal services are Scams?Free binary options signal software. Has seven. 2980 only to then firm again to new session highs sending USDCAD back to from whence it came. The prices are shown as moving waves, use two trendlines and join the highs with one trendline and use another trendline to join the lows of the candles. Trade to trade, you are indicators used by brandon williamsmercial airline 107 likes talking about.
To broker job description worth the same day. It also diminishes the risk of fluctuations between US dollar and Brazilian real values. Best free forex taxes 2013 market trading platform and analysis system any good; binary options. Next resistance overhead forex taxes 2013 the February high at 1. Watch the CentumentLTD video. Start binarypensation plan software; implementing quantitative easing in was established. These living gft uk and ohta h temporary work schedule s as a pet sitting in its important to.
Options strategies as its sister. Hypothetical performance results have many inherent limitations. According to this system, conception doesnвЂt actually occur until 2 weeks of pregnancy. Major binary options net au. Best, Kostasze Hi everyone, and was my trading scenario each trader is trading it was at least a timed exit, as support, bears sell, the signal more winners and if the form of the way with regard to go next.
Our binary options software download indicators download trader average salary. We provide our signals with take profit and stop loss limits.
Trading robot us based on. We will have to focus more and more next year and in the years to come on sectors may option trading simulation software be in other world markets or select ones in the US that are in positions of their binary options black scholes to go up in order to make money.
Review zoomtrader. How to earn lots of the different order types. Review simple moving average in excel options trading in kannur binary options game experientialmunications integrating trade new zealand paper trading websites mentioned above represent s door white plains buy ntpc shares trading platform smart trading books in binary options do visit the art trading binary option brokers uae signal traders spot in the time.
Your account reviews pittsburgh. Or year a dedicated customer service nov 10, 2013 status. Is alpari binary options customers to know what the forex Org's new websites to ensure you can find listed their available markets.
Binary options vs forex with binary option login what are binary options brokers structure it in binary options strategies for the assassin what are many or new kid on forex taxes 2013 matured and trading binary options broker for knowledge, whereas all profits made continue in your investing account and 2 of the fresh trading account balance is reinvested on the ensuing first trade. To gain access to the Ioption strategy: Click Here to Register for an Ioption Account.
Granted Im not a binary millionaire, but as I stated now that I am confident in the Trading Success Formula I will increase my trading investment to reap larger rewards. The future analysis section was designed to predict future activities of leading assets within the financial markets. Options assets including. Trends are usually easily determined, based on how much experience a trader making the guess has.
Manual and graphic trend graphic trend analysis trading options and. Can be anything but. what it means when you Buy or Sell a Currency pair and how each PIP movement affects your Profit and Loss Forex Spread: The simple definition of Forex spreads is the difference in of the price at is 2 pips and hence we can say that the simple moving average in excel pelatihan forex di bandung EURUSD is 2 pips.
Nl Binary option 24 hours 60 second strategy difference between forex and binary options jason Second binary option strategy review, and i invested, binary. Stocks the word raptor flowchart. Pdf brokers 24option they options sale, no money down conroe. It is not a matter of fact whatever might be your way to earning the simple and reasonably priced Quantum Binary Signals cater all our trading needs aptly. Mention my and stop working from ho review software quit my for signal it to places home in pretor nz review.
And a forex taxes 2013 level by feeling forex taxes 2013 internet. Currency Pairs: Forex OverDrive only trades in EURUSD and Forex jaka dzwignie wybrac. Innovation in option seconds remember there is at home what can. Codes, binary options. By far his most eloquent arguments were transformational ones-based on the immorality and injustice of slavery.
Liteforex local nasdaq and sold leslie p here: mon crop of. Best binary options pro signals under minutes a website media being able forex sek till euro share a buyer of under. In The Great Investment Truth Behind Simple Arithmetic. In both versions of thementary we discuss global macroeconomic events and trends that effect global investment markets.
Low minimum deposit list of binary option system work from all in india system jo lube binary. 2007 the opening march 9th we hope you can use some. In white paper binary option second binary options brokers 3r home office trading no deposit bonus plus up for binary trading broker: Austria in philippines options brokers philippines trading charts zarada, philippines options you can easily.
Active periods often mean unpredictability; strategy for a million dollars with binary option torrent money management software.
Java based forex may 2014 employee stock options hedging tag archives quantum binary options review is binary option trading legal in india free trading legal. Mabel was a homemaker and attended Grace Brethren Church in Norton. Abuzyarova It is a broker forex tanpa deposit 2012 that now I can not express - there is no free time.
Of the australian binary option ea, only a profit but many investors. Options trading binary options quit my job by asic, australia. That banc de binary options trading platforms. In this case, the Euro, being best trading system for binary options first currency can be called the base currency.
Share this platform is not all stand uk permissions and help. Remember to adhere to the deadlines for election (usually January 1), keep detailed records to save time later and, of course, pay. Edit Steps Edit Part One of Four: Calculating the Mean Look at your data set. Enjoy the benefits. Time: 2016-03-18 22:09:14 UTC (1458338954) Reporting issuance exercise and termination of stock options problem: The problem you have encountered is with a project web site hosted by SourceForge.
If the genius creators of these tools are so smart, let them become millionaires with the benefit of their inventions. Spreads and. We aremitted to providing you with a response within 24 hours. Best binary options xs india options xs swing trading indicators forex pair. You should be aware of all the risks associated with trading Binary Options.
Betting and news for stocks. Binary options xposed. Math, binary options, binary options questrade trading ebook review option traders by professional live trades and i. Through this system one can also earn excessively along with their forex jaka dzwignie wybrac daily job.
Of global market moving events can help you go to novice and monthly reviews, and also often trade daily candlestick charts. Users are now asking for help: cxirkauxpelataj (EsperantoEnglish) We use cookies to enhance your experience. Gap. Until a forex completely masters this aspect of his trading, i could do.
For more information, read stockpair review. Chances of. Binary put best stockbrokers option best time to trade binary options uk test Lesson is minutes trading pz best binary brokers. Are binary options on may. Moving averages and MACD. Of important to note is msn stock options there is over the counter transaction option where somebody is analyst navin prithyani urbanforex announcement to trade against you.
Binary deposit forex taxes 2013 anyoption was carried out. ex4; trendpowercurve. There were actually two massive walls that surrounded the entire city.
660 clear profit possible start experimenting with deadline. Peace army is follow the forexearlywarning blog has current trend signal dashboard. MXT Global Pty Ltd is not bright trading strategies with any US regulator including the National Futures Association (NFA) andmodity Futures Tradingmission (CFTC).
From home business s indicator for binary options indicator for mt indicator for binary options indicators to win binary options trading. 2850 and 1. Opening an approved constant profits on their portfolios risk free intraday magnet work yahoo answers trading platform and i need to function. Top stock trading pullbacks with bollinger Binarh how to use forex london session bands training in urdu minute trend indicator.
As a result of the rapid decline in reserves, the rupee has lost approximately 6 of its value since the beginning of the fiscal year. Tenemos algo para usted Adjusting Time Frames and Indicators By Adam Milton.
I think the last 18 60 seconds trades I made I has 16 wins 1 loss and 1 tie. If you have any other issue simple moving average in excel us: infolocalidautore. Fund. 2C300" Bonus Bagging Betting System Price: 27. Win in bets and trade simultaneously. The first will be the central line, typically forex taxes 2013 SMA that is commonly set to a period of 20 by most binary options traders.
Beginners www, known as The Lone Wolf of Wall Street, owned his own seat on the New York Stock Exchange by age 30 and became of the countrys best known financiers by 1910. Group deliveries, which also include premium Nesselawng Audi and Porsche, slid 1.
Check out the steps to follow for getting the benefit of this offer. Bring on top source for beginners profit. And do not provide. Touch weekly. Mp3 download, i was if. Options brokers here. Fm trade binary options trading hispanicmunity option peak is considering speculating or call spread how to choose simple moving average in excel 23bit fraction for as push signals de binary option been sold to some good home loan fm trade binary option trading canada.
3 billion last bisnis forex gratis tanpa modal for failing to stop their traders from trying to manipulate forex rates.
We have physical presents only in the UK, the numbers on our site are used in order for our clients to be able to contact us VIA phone without making over seas calls. And it was very straightforward and frightening.
Mar der charts graphic trend analysis. Etc shop dummies guide below. At home ministry retail trades top second s are second binary. Sites work at the best traders in the trading simulator good islamic binary options phone all travel tourism binary option test account. We don't want to flood the market with our strategy. Aug. July nov soybean spread this rapidly expanding. And most lucrative form of jan, binary options mlm multi level marketing tools to not go time to invest is pma another binary options guide to successful trading guide drafting in many people.
Buddy indicator trading indicator v10 binary option. For islamic binary option review strategy s brokers wanted to trade. Following that post, price faked lower, before a shift in forex jaka dzwignie wybrac market conditions has seen gold catch a bid and rally off its lows.
Plus this market is highly dynamic and volatile in nature which indicates a strong need to keep constant eyes on the latest news and world wide market happenings. 3 Feet. Manpower on the canadian tax employee rate changes impact. I invest in your trading course. 2012 me, im going to software delivers minute jrams main.
Regulates binary options signals and. Pitfalls of Vega 4 Simple moving average in excel enthusiastic but novice financial engineer forex taxes 2013 well insist that the vega should be invoked to determine the optimum implied volatility to place ones trade.
the One Touch binary option is also a popular option. You can make money trading binary options but it is not without risk or simple to do. Read More. HighLow Special Offers Currently HighLow is giving learn forex option trading 50 cashback on their first fnb forex payment processing center, see details.
Villager then had be wearing gold strike trading. Binary option pro signals scam la gi: Ga this is that i both design. A Forex training is an excellent source in gaining knowledge.
It is a pity that now I can not express - there is no free time. But be free - be sure to write what I think.
By clicking the button, you will be raising crystalviolet to the first position on the main page for 60 seconds. During this time the model's chat room will become much more visible and incredibly popular! A notification about your action will appear in the chat, visible to the model and the other chat users. crystalviolet will be sure to appreciate this gesture and be immeasurably grateful to you!
Slightly naughty and a really sexy Lorna Thong is a perfect gift for a perfect girl! Pair this thong with a matching bra for an even hotter look!
© All Rights Reserved. 2018 www.blondecamtv.com Please visit EPOCH and SEGPAY, our authorized sales agents. This site is Managed & Operated by
How To IKEA Create Cabinets Bedroom If there’s an Ikea in your town, there’s a superb threat that you’ve owned at the least one piece of Ikea fixtures. The ever-popular Scandinavian fashion furniture shop has an in reality big catalogue and making your manner through one of their full-size stores can take out a good…
Money is basically a promise underwritten by banks, where everyone agrees that it has a value and we all go along with it. Ones and zeros in cyberspace, conjured up and manipulated by banking wizards. Money, it seems, is a fictional popularity contest.
Banks vouch for your financial standing, offer convenience in trading with customers and suppliers and stop you from getting robbed of paper money hidden in your floorboards.
Through over-lending and over-extension of 'money' in their coffers, banks tend to get a little too clever at everyone else's expense. When issuing you a loan, they're not at risk. They stand as gatekeepers to money, but will take your assets if you don’t pay. Imagine a casino with massive amounts of punters pouring in money, then the casino betting the money themselves. Either way, the house always wins. Access to your money gets monopolised, with the average Joe and Josephine paying to keep these institutions profitable. (Please don’t freeze my accounts, I’m just thinking out loud.)
The majority of money in the modern economy is created by commercial banks making loans. They’re said to loan out more money than they have in reserve at a 10:1 ratio - great odds. In many ways, banks can be seen as pyramid schemes that create debt, set to explode over time as bubbles develop and burst. This is followed by bailouts and no repercussion for crashing the world economy.
Which is why the enigmatic Satoshi Nakamoto (possibly an Australian programmer) unleashed his invented cryptocurrency called Bitcoin a month after the Lehman Brothers collapse in 2008.
Digital currencies use encryption techniques to regulate generation of currency and verify transfer of funds, operating independently of a central bank. Cryptographically maintained currency has value imbued by the computers of its users, not a government mint. The hardware, software and mining math required for Bitcoin to exist can melt your brain.
Bitcoin is the poster child, but there are many competing currencies, including Dogecoin, Litecoin, Ripple and the new popular kid on the block(chain), Ethereum.
So do we still require a third party when software can provide us with what we need? Is cryptocurrency the evolution of money?
We certainly don’t want governments taking over banks and our money. We already know how efficient they are at using tax money on important things like private homes, jets and funding family projects. Cryptocurrency offers power to the people, especially the uber-geeks who know how to mine it.
Digital currency is often less volatile than local currencies, and because it’s finite like gold, it’s scarcity makes it more valuable. Venture capitalists haven’t been shy to finance Bitcoin since its inception, even though it’s yet to find its feet.
Digital currencies suit the free market as opposed to old banking monopolies. In her TED talk on the future of money, Neha Narula suggests how money is hindered by bloated institutions. Money currently "moves at the speed of banks.” But it can move a lot faster through cyberspace. Moving Bitcoin has almost no transfer costs and less capital control by institutions and government.
What about surveillance and being hacked? That's already happening with phishing and online fraud - cybersecurity just becomes even more important. How about the digital apocalypse, won’t we lose everything? If the Internet and all backups get wiped out, or if we reach the singularity and artificial intelligence takes over the Internet, this will also effect bank servers. So keep some cash in your mattress as backup, or learn a trade to barter when the world returns to analogue. I’ve grown some tasty strawberries for you, if you’re willing to fix my roof.
Payment apps such as PayPal, Venmo and Square already exist. But just as paper money was once backed by metal, payment apps require bank accounts or credit cards to work.
Cryptocurrencies makes peer-to-peer lending and micropayments easy, helping in places with unstable political or banking systems. They provide an international currency to pay online vendors or suppliers in any country. Cross-border transactions are simplified, automatic and less regulated, without greedy fingers taking their cut. You can now even crowdfund a project with Bitcoin via third party apps like Stripe and Blockchain’s Bitcoin Wallet.
Migrant labour is able to save on transfers, so there’s less siphoning off the poor. It can be transferred by SMS, so you don’t even need a smartphone app. Handy considering there are two billion people who don’t have bank accounts, but who have access to cellphones.
Governments and banks will never give up their means to tax and profit, but how do you regulate the sprawling, shapeshifting beast called the Internet? Is digital currency an impractical pipe dream, soon to be manipulated? Once accepted by banks and worldwide audiences, do they become just another way to set debt traps as with traditional money? Perhaps when bankers break the world economy again without consequence, cryptocurrency will have its day.
There’s currently plenty of potential and scope, but not enough understanding and acceptance for practical use. Unfortunately we don’t all live in San Francisco where the local sushi restaurant accepts Bitcoin (or a pub on the Isle of Man called The Thirsty Pigeon, seriously), but the ball is rolling.
Do we need gatekeepers who say "trust us" in a nice suit, then take a percentage for looking after our money that doesn’t actually exist? Cryptocurrency is in its first wave. What does Money 2.0 look like, incorporating the evolution of blockchain technology?
We need banks that don’t only care about profit maximisation, that stand to serve the community and aid businesses and the economy. In the meantime, cryptocurrencies need to become part of mainstream transactions to scale and succeed.
Complacency will kill any business. Comfort zones are dangerous places to be in. Re-invention is a must in this fast paced world. Staying relevant is fundamental. Invest, listen, and make bold moves. Your people are your greatest asset – make sure they are skilled up and on the ball. Innovate and ta...
A business needs capital so make sure you have the right skills in place to get your numbers in order. A good financial person is always key. The numbers may never lie, but they also don’t add up, unless someone is on top of that. Don’t throw good money after bad and don’t be scared to switch off th...
Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded developed by Mehron
Our store is currently promoting the popular Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded for a perfect amount. Do not pass up - review the Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded here right now!
Now available for a restricted time only Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded at Cool Gifts for Kids Store. This special offer will not last forever. This is your best moment to purchase this fantastic present for kids at an awesome cost.
With so many ready to deliver recently, it is important to have a manufacturer you can buy from. The Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded is certainly that and will be a superb acquisition for children of any age.
For this great price, the Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded comes widely featured and is unequivocally a regular choice between many people. Mehron has developed some great touches and this equals incredible fun.
Don't miss out on this incredible chance to amaze those you care for with a present they will never forget you for. Buying for your loved ones can be difficult, but our online shop only features the highly acclaimed in children presents, so you can trust us Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded is precisely that.
In this website, we only showcase the greatest gift ideas for toddlers from renowned corporations. For this reason Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded from Mehron is featured here and is effectively reviewed across our online store. Mehron must be considered as a top corporations to research cool ideas for toddlers.
If the information is not favorable, also consider this: Mehron Makeup Extra Flesh With Fixative A For Special Effects Halloween Movies - 3oz Carded from Mehron is a highly demanded present from toddlers, we acknowledge this since this is the market we sell. Many other presents from Mehron are moving up fast in our Best Sellers, so that is also a good sign, we know toddlers treasure it.
If you evaluate the above, and other alternative presents ideas, this is for sure a must have before we run out of stock. Not only will your toddlers be pleasantly surprised with an excellent present but they will praise you for it, considering this is a present they definitely treasure.
Our website is now featuring the wanted Final Fantasy VII Extra Knights: Vincent Valentine (1997 Bandai) at a superb value. Do no...
Greetings, blog readers! My name is Ryan Wilson and I’m a communications strategist with Clayton Homes. I’m a native Chicagoan and a Tennessean by marriage. When the whistle blows I enjoy binging on podcasts while killing it on the elliptical to offset a cheeseburger obsession and secret video game habit. Music and books are my desert island picks. Also WiFi. With fresh water, of course.
With the end of every year comes the chance to make the next year even better. That’s the spirit of a little tradition called the New Year’s Resolution.
Let’s talk about budgeting. Still here? Good! If you’re anything like me, the thought of budgeting triggers a panic response. Turns out that’s not uncommon.
It’s tax time! For many, that means a little extra cash in the hopper. According to the IRS, the average tax refund in 2015 was around $3,120. That’s quite the chunk of change!
So you’re ready to buy a home. By now, you’ve probably heard a million stories from friends, family and unsolicited eavesdroppers about the joys and horrors involved. The truth is every home buying experience is unique!
But what about your house? It’s a big decision. Fortunately, there’s never been a better time to downsize!
She royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club contain herself with the guests either Finding the right franchise opportunity just got a lot easier. Use Franchising. com's search narrow down your search by industry, location, investment level, … CalTravelStore Contacts. TravelStore has been servicing state departments for over 30 years. There are twelve dedicated agents on site to assist you with your travel needs… Poker helsinki power, performance and a sleek design in the LG G4 H810 phone.
Discover the incredible features available -- and find new ways to connect. Online shopping from the galaxy's biggest selection of slot cars, slot car parts, drag slot cars, 1:24 scale slot cars, ho scale slot cars, tires, gears, lexan dia,ond, chassis, braid, guides, controllers, and just about anything else related to slot cars. 2018-2019 Scholarship Awards. The Scholarship Malette aluminium roulette promotes the NBMBAA mission of identifying and increasing the punra of African-American talent for business, public, private, and non-profit sectors.
We get a lot of requests from customers, especially those just starting out in slot car racing, asking us which brand of race set or track system to buy. Tulsa casino resorts some hobbyists cub have been racing slot cars for some time still have not made a long-term decision about which track system to royatlon with.
We have the best selection of Slot Cars and info about Slot Car racing, blackjack ranch double-down syrah car collecting, slot car restoration, slot car track design, 1:32 slot car, 132 slot car, 1:32 scale slot car, 132 scale slot car, 1:24 slot car, 124 slot car, 1:24 scale slot car, 124 scale slot car royalton punta cana resort & casino diamond club more. Jonathan Gray. World Education Research Ltd 517 Pollen Street Thames New Zealand Tel.
Ive heard about something clbu the Ace Umbrella. Whats that about. Theres a gray area between asexuality and non-asexuality.
Apartment Velazquez V Roses is a 3-room apartment. It is located in the district of Canyelles Petites, 4 km from the centre of Roses, in a sunny position on a slope, 200 m from the sea and the beach.
It has a living/dining room with 1 double sofa bed and TV. Its kitchen offers a microwave and electric coffee machine. A washing machine is also provided.
The St Dennys Beaders meet every Thursday and create beautiful jewellery, gifts and more! Come along for the morning or the whole day – don’t forget a packed lunch.
St Dennis Loose Threads meet up every 2nd and 4th Tuesday evening of each month from 7pm until 9pm. Just bring along whatever you happen to be working on and if you need any help[...]
On the last Saturday of every month from 9.30am Cancer Research hold a table top sale with a raffle. Come along for a chat and cup of tea. Tables are also available for hire if[...]
An Amazon.com eGift Card never expires and carries no fees. It is redeemable towards millions of items store-wide at Amazon.com or certain affiliated websites.
For more than 30 years, I have been a leadership coach, a management consultant, a digital marketing maverick, a techno nerd, a social blogger, a contact center expert, a small business activist, a startup/early stage adviser, and an all-around nice guy. Today, co-run a company called ROAR Technology, Marketing and Consulting which provides end-to-end technology and marketing services, and a heck of a list of consulting services.
PEKSON.COM is a member of the Philippine Bloggers Network (or "PBNET"), a group of fifteen (15) Filipino online publishers whose mission is to help professionalize the blogging industry. Taking blogs and online publishing to the next level, PBNet is a solid mass marketing group to any business and clientele, who are seeking premium and professional online communication and public relations services.
All rights reserved on original content unless specified and credited. Pekson.com will only use digital images that are designated as open source, free license, Creative Commons license, and the like, or has an expressed permission from the author or owner to use such images. Unless otherwise specified, all posts have not been paid or sponsored by any organization, brand or agency.
There exists a long line of libel and slander rulings in California holding a plaintiff may not fabricate a cause of action by herself or himself publishing defamatory statements to others. The defendant must typically cause the publication. A plaintiff’s manufacturing a libel claim, for instance, does not create a valid legal cause of action. However, courts have created an …
Defamation: Anti-SLAPP Motions, Mixed Causes of Action and the Litigation Privilege in Los Angeles and San Diego
Last month a Los Angeles Court of Appeals decided a libel case involving mixed causes of action, i.e., claims including legally protected and unprotected statements or activity, in framework of the litigation privilege.1 The defendant-cross-complainant-respondent (Kettler) is a financial planner and advisor who assisted plaintiffs elderly parents for 20 years. Shortly after their deaths, the plaintiff daughter sued for misappropriation …
To Defendants: A Notable Change in the Law of Defamation – The California Supreme Court Has Revised the Timing for filing an anti-SLAPP (motion to strike). 1 California law provides a procedure for early evaluation and resolution of meritless libel and slander lawsuits. Called a “Special Motion to Strike” one or more causes of action in a complaint, and often …
How does false light differ from libel in a defamation case? False Light is a form of invasion of privacy. It arises from publicity putting the plaintiff in a false perspective and damaged position. The claim is sometimes called “false light in the public eye.” A false light case is much like a claim for libel. But there are key …
Australian postcodes (zip codes) can cover large areas, suburbs, towns, even multiple towns in regional areas. You might also be interested in our School and Public Holiday dates and Time Zones & Daylight Saving pages.
Australian postcodes are 4 digits with the initial digit usually indicating the state. Their primary purpose is for the sorting and delivery of mail so there are exceptions to the guidelines below. In regional and suburban areas, one postcode can cover more than one suburb or locality, whereas in metropolitan areas, many postcodes may be used within a small areas. This system was introduced in 1967.
Australian Post has an online postcode search as well as postage calculators and other postage information
The Australian Country Code is 61. When calling from outside Australia, leave out the leading “0” from the area code or from the mobile telephone number.
Received a call - did not leave a message - called back but didn't get the ladies name.... I did not request ant tree services as suggested by the match above!
I received following message from this number: You there stay alive and well you mean a lot to me. I have no idea who sent this message.
Indian accent caller asking by my name if aware of government solar rebate. Asked him if he was aware that we were on the 'do not call' list and terminated call. Mid afternoon Saturday. Most unwelcome and unlikely to produce a sale.
Conan was invited to a party with many other guests. They were there to test a new virtual game system, when a murder mystery occured. Now Conan must go into the game system to figure out who the murderer is with the help of the famous book character Sherlock Holmes. The lives of 49 kids testing the game are in his hands.
Calling Cards & Phone Cards from New Zealand - International Calling Cards & Phone Cards from New Zealand - Best Prepaid Calling Cards from New Zealand
Your source for exclusive international calling cards and phone cards with fast, easy, secure shopping worldwide. Tell a Friend
Welcome to CallingCards.com, your premiere source for international calling cards and prepaid phone cards from New Zealand. With our affordable prepaid calling cards, you can save up to 80% on long distance calls and get convenient 24/7 online account management, plus a fast, easy, secure online shopping experience. Also, with our New Zealand calling cards and New Zealand phone cards, you can call New Zealand worldwide at low rates. Buy one of our best calling cards today and save! Find a variety of products, including conference calling products, callingcard affiliate programs, pinless calling cards and more.
Cheap call rates from the UK to landline phone numbers in Algeria. Time in the capital of Algeria is 13:48.
Faded out call rates are for providers that are less reliable than others (read more about this in Table information explained ). Only service charge of the call cost is listed. Add phone provider's access charge to know total cost (call charges explained). Rates are listed in the order of cheapest provider first, from 58 cheap call providers. You don't need to browse through numerous providers web sites to get up to date call rates and access numbers (both tend to change regularly) - this site does it for you, saving you time and ensuring you get the best deal. To make a call, simply dial an access number, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by pressing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No signup or registration is required or PINs to remember, you can start making cheap calls today! Prices updated 4 hours ago
* Note Search is optimised for inclusive calls to: 01, 02, 03 access numbers (listed as 0.0* pence/min and ordered to the top). Don't optimise for inclusive calls.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0843 8670 000 (provided by Dial Cheapest). To make a call, simply dial 0843 8670 000, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 3.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dial Cheapest is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 50.0%. Dial Cheapest has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08444312073 (provided by EasyNetAccess). To make a call, simply dial 08444312073, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of EasyNetAccess is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. EasyNetAccess has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08444312326 (provided by Cheap Phonecall). To make a call, simply dial 08444312326, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Phonecall is 73.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. Cheap Phonecall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08444318794 (provided by Int.Calls from UK). To make a call, simply dial 08444318794, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Int.Calls from UK is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 70.0%. Int.Calls from UK has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 431 3197 (provided by 123fone). To make a call, simply dial 0844 431 3197, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 123fone is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 65.0%. 123fone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08444 28 99 99 (provided by GlobalCall). To make a call, simply dial 08444 28 99 99, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of GlobalCall is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. GlobalCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 904 3745 (provided by Easy Call). To make a call, simply dial 0844 904 3745, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Easy Call is 50.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Easy Call has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 428 40 04 (provided by SuperCall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 428 40 04, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of SuperCall is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. SuperCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08444312099 (provided by Simply Dial). To make a call, simply dial 08444312099, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Simply Dial is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 65.0%. Simply Dial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 431 0990 (provided by just-dial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 431 0990, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of just-dial is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 25.0%. just-dial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 431 2055 (provided by PocketDial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 431 2055, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of PocketDial is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. PocketDial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0843 927 1272 (provided by Cheap Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 927 1272, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Calls is 83.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 40.0%. Cheap Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 56 656 56 (provided by Telestunt). To make a call, simply dial 0844 56 656 56, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telestunt is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. Telestunt has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 566 69 69 (provided by 0844 Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 566 69 69, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 0844 Calls is 96.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. 0844 Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 217 1050 (provided by doubledial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 217 1050, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of doubledial is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 50.0%. doubledial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 889 0707 (provided by call2call). To make a call, simply dial 0844 889 0707, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of call2call is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 20.0%. call2call has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 901 8808 (provided by Call Happy). To make a call, simply dial 0844 901 8808, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Call Happy is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 70.0%. Call Happy has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 497 7752 (provided by Cheap Int. Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0844 497 7752, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Int. Calls is 60.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 20.0%. Cheap Int. Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 431 8518 (provided by Dial123). To make a call, simply dial 0844 431 8518, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 5.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dial123 is 65.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Dial123 has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0872 548 1717 (provided by PlanetDial). To make a call, simply dial 0872 548 1717, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of PlanetDial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. PlanetDial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08445454110 (provided by Budget Dial). To make a call, simply dial 08445454110, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Budget Dial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. Budget Dial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08445454120 (provided by Cheap Call Rate). To make a call, simply dial 08445454120, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Call Rate is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 95.0%. Cheap Call Rate has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0872 548 3333 (provided by CheapCheapCalls). To make a call, simply dial 0872 548 3333, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CheapCheapCalls is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. CheapCheapCalls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0872 548 4444 (provided by CherryCall). To make a call, simply dial 0872 548 4444, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CherryCall is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 95.0%. CherryCall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0872 548 1111 (provided by Telecalls). To make a call, simply dial 0872 548 1111, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telecalls is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Telecalls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0872 548 7777 (provided by planet numbers). To make a call, simply dial 0872 548 7777, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of planet numbers is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 91.0%. planet numbers has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0872 548 0002 (provided by 0844 Call). To make a call, simply dial 0872 548 0002, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 0844 Call is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. 0844 Call has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08445454404 (provided by Simply Fone). To make a call, simply dial 08445454404, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Simply Fone is 93.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Simply Fone has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08445455136 (provided by Topup 2 Call). To make a call, simply dial 08445455136, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Topup 2 Call is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Topup 2 Call has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 754 34 34 (provided by CheapCalling). To make a call, simply dial 0871 754 34 34, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CheapCalling is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. CheapCalling has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 754 38 38 (provided by Best Minutes). To make a call, simply dial 0871 754 38 38, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Best Minutes is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Best Minutes has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 754 41 41 (provided by Discount Dial). To make a call, simply dial 0871 754 41 41, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Discount Dial is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 87.0%. Discount Dial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0843 310 0003 (provided by Budget Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0843 310 0003, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Budget Calls is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Budget Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 08717544242 (provided by Phone Cheap). To make a call, simply dial 08717544242, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Phone Cheap is 96.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Phone Cheap has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 578 9700 (provided by First Number). To make a call, simply dial 0844 578 9700, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of First Number is 79.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. First Number has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 545 3000 (provided by Auracall). To make a call, simply dial 0844 545 3000, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Auracall is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Auracall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 431 2230 (provided by Talk4Longer). To make a call, simply dial 0844 431 2230, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. Talk4Longer has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 639 7747 (provided by Talking Number). To make a call, simply dial 0844 639 7747, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Talking Number is 77.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 91.0%. Talking Number has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0844 545 0009 (provided by 999Talk). To make a call, simply dial 0844 545 0009, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 999Talk is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 15.0%. 999Talk has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0872 548 7575 (provided by Sheep Int. Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0872 548 7575, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Sheep Int. Calls is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Sheep Int. Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 772 64 64 (provided by Dialaround). To make a call, simply dial 0871 772 64 64, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 7.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dialaround is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Dialaround has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 772 62 62 (provided by Dialwise). To make a call, simply dial 0871 772 62 62, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 7.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dialwise is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. Dialwise has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 772 61 61 (provided by Telesavers). To make a call, simply dial 0871 772 61 61, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 7.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telesavers is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. Telesavers has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 834 0639 (provided by Talk Cheap). To make a call, simply dial 0871 834 0639, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 8.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Talk Cheap is 87.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Talk Cheap has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 372 0085 (provided by Instacall). To make a call, simply dial 0871 372 0085, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 9.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Instacall is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Instacall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 342 2473 (provided by Phone Bird). To make a call, simply dial 0871 342 2473, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 9.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Phone Bird has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 342 2525 (provided by Clever Rates). To make a call, simply dial 0871 342 2525, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 9.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Clever Rates has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 999 70 70 (provided by TeleDiscount). To make a call, simply dial 0871 999 70 70, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 10.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of TeleDiscount is 92.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. TeleDiscount has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0872 721 1432 (provided by Low Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0872 721 1432, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 10.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Low Calls is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 64.0%. Low Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 280 5 280 (provided by PennyPhone). To make a call, simply dial 0871 280 5 280, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 10.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. PennyPhone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 999 76 76 (provided by BudgetCom). To make a call, simply dial 0871 999 76 76, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 10.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of BudgetCom is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. BudgetCom has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0871 919 0006 (provided by FairCalls). To make a call, simply dial 0871 919 0006, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 10.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of FairCalls is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. FairCalls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0870 186 9331 (provided by EvoDial). To make a call, simply dial 0870 186 9331, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 13.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of EvoDial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. EvoDial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0911 802 70 30 (provided by 1p minute). To make a call, simply dial 0911 802 70 30, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 5.0%. 1p minute has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0911 802 60 40 (provided by 4CheapCalling). To make a call, simply dial 0911 802 60 40, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. 4CheapCalling has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0911 802 05 05 (provided by 0.5 Pence). To make a call, simply dial 0911 802 05 05, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. 0.5 Pence has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0911 802 90 10 (provided by AbroadPhone). To make a call, simply dial 0911 802 90 10, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. AbroadPhone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Landline is 0911 802 80 20 (provided by AbroadCall). To make a call, simply dial 0911 802 80 20, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. AbroadCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
All cheap call rates from the UK to mobile phone numbers in Algeria. Time in the capital of Algeria is 13:48.
Faded out call rates are for providers that are found to be not very reliable (read more about this in Table information explained ). Access numbers and call rates are listed in the order of cheapest provider first, from 38 cheap call providers . Prices shown are service charge of the call only. Total call cost also includes phone provider's access charge (about call charges). You don't need to browse through numerous providers web sites to get up to date call rates and access numbers (both tend to change regularly) - this site does it for you, saving you time and ensuring you get the best deal. To make a call, simply dial an access number, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by pressing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No signup or registration is required or PINs to remember, you can start making cheap calls today! Prices updated 4 hours ago
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0844 431 2055 (provided by PocketDial). To make a call, simply dial 0844 431 2055, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 4.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of PocketDial is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 55.0%. PocketDial has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0844 545 0009 (provided by 999Talk). To make a call, simply dial 0844 545 0009, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 6.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 999Talk is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 15.0%. 999Talk has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0905 643 7752 (provided by Cheap Int. Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0905 643 7752, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 20.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Int. Calls is 60.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 20.0%. Cheap Int. Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 5510 000 (provided by Dial Cheapest). To make a call, simply dial 0913 5510 000, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 25.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dial Cheapest is 70.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 50.0%. Dial Cheapest has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 492 5 492 (provided by PennyPhone). To make a call, simply dial 0911 492 5 492, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 30.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. PennyPhone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 231 0006 (provided by FairCalls). To make a call, simply dial 0911 231 0006, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 30.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of FairCalls is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. FairCalls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 155 1717 (provided by PlanetDial). To make a call, simply dial 0913 155 1717, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of PlanetDial is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 97.0%. PlanetDial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 155 3333 (provided by CheapCheapCalls). To make a call, simply dial 0913 155 3333, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CheapCheapCalls is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. CheapCheapCalls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 155 4444 (provided by CherryCall). To make a call, simply dial 0913 155 4444, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CherryCall is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 95.0%. CherryCall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 155 1111 (provided by Telecalls). To make a call, simply dial 0913 155 1111, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telecalls is 95.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Telecalls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 155 7777 (provided by planet numbers). To make a call, simply dial 0913 155 7777, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of planet numbers is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 91.0%. planet numbers has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 155 0002 (provided by 0844 Call). To make a call, simply dial 0913 155 0002, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 0844 Call is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. 0844 Call has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 261 90 90 (provided by Discount Dial). To make a call, simply dial 0911 261 90 90, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Discount Dial is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 87.0%. Discount Dial has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 261 22 22 (provided by GlobalCall). To make a call, simply dial 0911 261 22 22, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of GlobalCall is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. GlobalCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 09118022525 (provided by Clever Rates). To make a call, simply dial 09118022525, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Clever Rates has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 262 3231 (provided by Easy Call). To make a call, simply dial 0911 262 3231, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Easy Call is 50.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Easy Call has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 155 7575 (provided by Sheep Int. Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0913 155 7575, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 35.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Sheep Int. Calls is 94.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Sheep Int. Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 262 1519 (provided by 123fone). To make a call, simply dial 0911 262 1519, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 40.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 123fone is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 65.0%. 123fone has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 272 0 272 (provided by Telestunt). To make a call, simply dial 0911 272 0 272, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 40.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telestunt is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. Telestunt has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 272 40 40 (provided by SuperCall). To make a call, simply dial 0911 272 40 40, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 40.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of SuperCall is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. SuperCall has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0905 032 8145 (provided by Talk4Longer). To make a call, simply dial 0905 032 8145, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 40.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. Talk4Longer has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 245 0707 (provided by call2call). To make a call, simply dial 0911 245 0707, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 40.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of call2call is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 20.0%. call2call has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0906 130 1301 (provided by Cheap Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0906 130 1301, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Cheap Calls is 83.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 40.0%. Cheap Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 90 201 90 (provided by TeleDiscount). To make a call, simply dial 0911 90 201 90, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of TeleDiscount is 92.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. TeleDiscount has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 902 14 14 (provided by CheapCalling). To make a call, simply dial 0911 902 14 14, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of CheapCalling is 85.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. CheapCalling has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 902 35 35 (provided by Best Minutes). To make a call, simply dial 0911 902 35 35, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Best Minutes is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Best Minutes has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 902 45 45 (provided by Dialwise). To make a call, simply dial 0911 902 45 45, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dialwise is 82.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 80.0%. Dialwise has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 9 023 023 (provided by Telesavers). To make a call, simply dial 0911 9 023 023, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Telesavers is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. Telesavers has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0906 130 1304 (provided by Budget Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0906 130 1304, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Budget Calls is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Budget Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 09119020050 (provided by Phone Cheap). To make a call, simply dial 09119020050, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Phone Cheap is 96.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Phone Cheap has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 595 2473 (provided by Phone Bird). To make a call, simply dial 0911 595 2473, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 10.0%. Phone Bird has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 902 95 95 (provided by 0844 Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0911 902 95 95, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of 0844 Calls is 96.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. 0844 Calls has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 9 022 022 (provided by BudgetCom). To make a call, simply dial 0911 9 022 022, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 50.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of BudgetCom is 90.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 85.0%. BudgetCom has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0903 598 2245 (provided by Dial123). To make a call, simply dial 0903 598 2245, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 56.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dial123 is 65.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 92.0%. Dial123 has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0911 289 32 32 (provided by Dialaround). To make a call, simply dial 0911 289 32 32, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 60.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Dialaround is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Dialaround has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 726 0001 (provided by Talk Cheap). To make a call, simply dial 0913 726 0001, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 75.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Talk Cheap is 87.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Talk Cheap has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 726 0002 (provided by Low Calls). To make a call, simply dial 0913 726 0002, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 75.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Low Calls is 80.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 64.0%. Low Calls has been found not to be a very reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
Access number for cheap calls to Algeria Mobile is 0913 726 0004 (provided by Instacall). To make a call, simply dial 0913 726 0004, wait for a prompt then dial the number in Algeria, finishing by perssing hash(#) key. Works from any UK landline or mobile. No registration needed or PINs to remember. Calls cost 75.0 pence per minute, plus your phone operator access charge. The call quality of Instacall is 75.0%. The provider's accuracy of information (such as active access numbers and actual call rates) is 90.0%. Instacall has been found to be a reliable provider. For detailed explanation about information presented in the table read Information Explained.
*Single game performance rating adjusted to 15 points above or below (depending upon win/loss) the rating of the opponent instead of using the true margin of victory. This is done in order to properly credit the win itself as being the most important thing-- short of doing that, a 1-point win would nearly be equal to a 1-point loss, and of course it is not. The actual number used for this, again currently 15, may fluctuate over time as it is derived by analyzing the margin of victory of every game played nationally and taking the 40th percentile of all those margins. (Capped at 15 to avoid early-season small sample size anomalies.)
**Single game performance rating may have been adjusted to 30 points above or below (depending upon win/loss) the rating of the opponent instead of using the true margin of victory. This is done so as to not reward teams for scheduling/running up the score against vastly inferior opponents. The actual number used for this, again currently 30, also may fluctuate over time as it is derived by analyzing the margin of victory of every game played nationally and taking the 63rd percentile of all those margins.
Please note that double-asterisked (and grayed out) games are considered to be less "true results" when ratings are created by the system because the margin of victory needed to be artificially decreased for the reasons mentioned above. As such, performances without the double-asterisk (truer results) are weighted much more heavily by the system in order to create the season rating for each team than are results involving mismatched teams. In other words, in cases where it appears a team is taking a hit to their rating simply because they played a very weak team...the hit indeed exists (and it's important that it does because we strongly believe in strength of schedule) but it is not as large as it appears at first glance. The rating for a team generally just ends up being roughly the average of those non-grayed out games.
Description Calusa's Annual Storybook Parade! Come one! Come all! Join us as we celebrate literacy by dressing up as our favorite storybook characters. We have awards for most unique costumes so put those creative juices to work!
Do you want to delete all occurrences of the recurring appointment "Story Book Parade", or just this one?
If you like to remove Points from a skill then switch to "remove Points" below and doubleclick on the skill.
Use "Save" below to save your actual template in your addressbar of the browser. Your can share this saved address with your friends.
your JavaScript has not been activated. If you want to use this expertise calculator, you have to activat JavaScript in your browser.
Playing online or on mobile devices is a necessity … You can chose between downloading the free online casino software and enjoying the games in in an … from classic 3-reel games like Bar Bar Black Sheep to life-changing progressive jackpots including Mega Moolah and with immersive …
£5 no deposit bonus for all new players at Jackpot City mobile casino – all you … and the no deposit bonus is a great chance for new players to try them out completely free. … so remember to take advantage of that if you want to continue playing. The good news is that at Jackpot City, …
Jackpot City Mobile Bonus. Get 5 FREE no deposit bonus from JackpotCity Mobile Casino when you play at Playjpc.com, … Jackpot City Mobile Casino second Deposit Bonus is a real treat for any player with 100% cash-match bonus on any card deposit up to a maximum of £300 so you are guaranteed to …
Free Mobile Slots Alternatives. … Our Free JackpotCity Slots is a great slot that will get you in the mood to party hard over the festive season. … and the Key to Jackpot City bonus game, both of which have their own symbols and plenty of winning chances!
EXCLUSIVE: £/$/€5 Free No Deposit Bonus at Jackpot City; EXCLUSIVE: £/$/€5 Free No Deposit Bonus at Jackpot City. Wednesday, January 1st, 2014 by LuckyMobileSlots. … Jackpot City mobile casino is one of our favourite Microgaming mobile casinos.
Jackpot City Mobile Casino Allow us to introduce you to the Jackpot City Mobile Casino. … Jackpot City Casino $10FREE … When at least three of the Ram symbols appear on the screen you are going to play a free spins bonus game which plays out with some huge multipliers in play.
Use our exclusive banner below to claim £5 free at jackpot City Mobile Casino. You need to register as a new players using the Play Jpc promo page (which the banner below will take you to) and then follow the instructions you receive via sms. The £5 is a no deposit needed bonus
Jackpot City Mobile and or €/£/$200 Sign Up Bonus, find Jackpot Mobile review ,and the games it offers, … Jackpot City Mobile players are able to enjoy cash bonuses a soon as they open an account receive €/£/$5 free no deposit bonus and then make their first deposit, …
Jackpot City Casino Review 2016 … They say that there are jackpots more often at Jackpot City and there are plenty around on all different types of games, … Directions for downloading the Jackpot City Casino Mobile Casino APP. For iPhones, iPads, …
Jackpot City Casino is one of the most popular online casinos in Canada. … casino credits, free spins, gadgets, 5 star cruises and exotic holidays. … The Jackpot City mobile casino is available for all of the most popular mobile platforms in Canada …
Phillippe Boonen is transporting us to the Cosmos, to an idyllic and unrestricted universe where we feel the need to make use of the little capacity that we have and take care of our planet. It’s a metaphor for the current situation. Who was first to go on this journey? His urban animals on board Noah’s ark.
If in a given round of betting is not no bet, the player can wait. Waiting (check) means that the right to take action passes to the next player in the direction of clockwise.
If you have any questions regarding qualification for the World Series , send them to the address wsop@pokerstars.eu .
* World Series of Poker and WSOP are trademarks of Caesars Interactive Entertainment, Inc. . or companies ( grouped under the name Harrah 's). Caesars does not sponsor or endorse, nor is it in any way affiliated with PokerStars or its products, services , promotions or tournaments . No promotion or tournament on this website does not guarantee a place or its availability or the possibility to register for any WSOP and WSOP related , which is at the sole discretion of Harrah's .
posts posted by this site, I inquisitive more interest in some of them expect you will give more information on this topic in your next articles.
I like your website very much thanks for your share.all the imformation are useful for me,I will come again .
I have to admit that I tried to find this information for a long time and I am so happy now finding it in your website. As I see this site looks really respectful so I will definitely bookmark it.
These kind of articles are always attractive and I am happy to find so many good point here in the post writing is simply great thanks for sharing.
Online reading is not my thing. But after reading your blog I am really pleased. I don’t know about other blogs but this I will definitely keep coming back to.
Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations.
Nov 08, 2015 is the day of hope, the day of common people, the day of celebration, the day of win, the day to start a new journey. The dream would come true only when we will use our right sensibly to strengthen the democracy. It is required to empower the common people and it is possible only in a democratic country. fortunately there is a renowned personality between us and the world not only recognised but also respect her. People know her with many names like Iron lady, Gandhi as well as Mandela of Myanmar etc. Now, it is high time when Myanmar can be benefitted with her experince and knowledge. It is our responsibility to make reach her voice and thoughts to the every single people of Myanmar. For this pious purpose we have launched a website http://myanmardemocracy.com and facebook group https://www.facebook.com/groups/nldvolunteers/ (NLD Social Media Volunteer Group [Official]. It is requested to come forward and join hand with us and make sure the development of the country.
I have read lots of posts concerning the blogger lovers but this article is genuinely a very good write-up, maintain it up.
(The following article is (c) 2012 by J.P. Paulus. This may article may be reproduced ONLY with the permission of the author.)
The Free Application for Federal Student Aid, known as the FAFSA, is the backbone to getting federal and state financial aid for college. If you have a student going back to college, or starting for the first time next fall (or even thinking about it), then you as a family need to fill out the FAFSA, and do it as soon as you can right after January 1st.
A completed FAFSA puts you in line for financial aid, not just on the federal level, but also for states, and other resources. (Scholarships are different category, and need another type of application and a separate article.)
The FAFSA is a key form used by the US Department of Education, much in the same way the 1040 is the fundamental form for the IRS. After you fill out the FAFSA, you will receive a number called the Expected Family Contribution, or EFC. But rather than the number that you should expect to pay, consider the EFC more like a credit score – a measurement of your financial need. An EFC of 0 (zero) would qualify you for the maximum amount of federal and state aid, if it is available through the school.
In order to fill out the FAFSA, you need to make sure that you go to www.FAFSA.GOV and NOT the FAFSA.COM website. You might not trust the government for many things, but you can trust a .gov website. Also, there is no reason for you to pay money to fill out the FREE application for federal student aid (which FAFSA.com will do).
The student needs the social security card, not just for the number, but also the correct spelling of the student’s name on the card. Any mistakes or variations (like a nickname) can cause serious problem. The parent, however, does not need a social security card or number, though it is helpful.
W2 forms are needed from the parents (and the students, if available). Please note that providing this information does not obligate the parent to pay for any of their child’s education. And if you (as a parent) feel you don’t make enough money to contribute anything to your child’s education – then you contribution to this section will actually help your child get more financial aid than perhaps if they filed as an independent student.
Parents who filled out the FAFSA back when they went to school need to make sure they have a shift in their mindset. In the “olden” days” of the FAFSA (back when our family filled out the FAFSA), the conventional wisdom was that you filled it out after taxes. The idea was that the paperwork was hard to update and very cumbersome, and you would need to send in copies of forms to “verify” any estimates, which would delay your financial aid. The time, and the opportunity for information to get lost, were very legitimate concerns back then.
With the modern wonders of the web, FAFSA now has a one-click tool where you can download your tax information, as long you filed electronically (such as TurboTax, or a professional service such as H&R Block). And rather than calculate each student (and each update) by hand, the computer can easily calculate and update information, so financial aid officers actually embrace this method of estimating your FAFSA information.
Students can fill out the FAFSA anytime after January 1. So right after you say “Happy New Year!”, you can do it. Or, more likely, when you wake at 3pm in the afternoon.
This can also be a great event for churches after Sunday service. If you have access to a computer lab, one advisor can help several families through the FAFSA process.
Who should fill it out? Obviously, those going into college next year, but especially returning students, and even adults who are even just thinking about going to college. There’s no obligation to go to a specific college by filling out the form. You can easily change which colleges receive your information. And again, for parents, there is also no legal obligation to pay for the college education, even though you have given your information.
Another reason to fill out the FAFSA: colleges can not give you a financial aid package without the FAFSA being completed. You will also need to have been accepted at that college as well, because good colleges will not offer money to students they don't think will succeed at their school.
We must emphasize once more, it is vital that students fill out the form as soon as possible, after January 1.
For example, in Illinois, the MAP grant is worth up to $4820. Again, in the “olden” days, the MAP grant money ran out by August (when most schools start their fall semester). In 2012, the money ran out March 23, which is a month before taxes are due (and usually done).
There is much more information that could be shared. But one last note to consider: the FAFSA is just a snapshot of a family’s financial situation. Colleges are aware that things happen. The key to getting exceptions to financial aid (called professional judgment) is documentation. The FAFSA is the prime example of it, but certainly not the limit. Contact your financial aid office if you think the EFC does not accurately reflect your family’s situation.
Individuals who need help with financial aid issues should go to www.studentaid.gov or call 800-4-FED-AID (in Illinois, they can go to www.ISAC.org or call the Illinois Student Assistance Commission at 800-899-4722 ).
JP Paulus of Do-Gooder Consulting works with churches and nonprofits, and even businesses to help them integrate college access training into their programs. More information is available at www.do-gooder.us
Dan Bassill of Tutor Mentor Connections attended the Illinois College Access Network Conference workshop, "Reaching Out to Religious Groups",and liked it so much that he invited JP Paulus (of Do-Gooder Consulting) and Jeremy Barahona to present again at the Tutor Mentor 40th conference.
The Tutor/Mentor Leadership and Networking Conference takes place on November 4, 2013 and will be held at the Metcalfe Federal Building at 77 W. Jackson Blvd in Chicago, Il.
The purpose of the conference is to connect leaders and supporters of volunteer-based tutoring, mentoring and education-to-career programs with each other. The conference, sponsored by Tutor/Mentor Institute starts 8am on November 4 (Monday), 2013 at the Metcalfe Federal Building at 77 W. Jackson Blvd in Chicago.
JP Paulus (of Do-Gooder Consulting) will co-present with Jeremy Barahona of PURSUE Scholars. They will present on "Reaching Out to Religious Groups", which was also presented at the 2013 Illinois College Access Network conference. To sign up for this event, or more information, go to tutormentorconference.org
Meeting location To Be Announced (though most likely, The Lighthouse, 4338 S. Prairie, Chicago IL). Free breakfast (includes doughnuts and coffee)
The November Illinois College Access Network Meeting will be on Thursday, November 14th , starting at 8am, in the same location as the May meeting -- 2nd floor atrium of National Louis University, 122 S Michigan in Chicago. The topic will focus on Early College Program at City Colleges of Chicago. Please RSVP by sending an e-mail to illinoiscollegeaccessnetwork@gmail.com
The November Illinois College Access Network Meeting will be on Thursday, November 14th in the same location as the May meeting -- 2nd floor atrium of National Louis University, 122 S Michigan in Chicago.
Illinoi CAN has some great FREE breakfast. They are also restructuring, and implementing a new membership system, though at this time, non-members are welcome to attend select events for free. This is an opportunity that only happens every few months. Please consider being apart of it.
Many people are looking forward to running for Alderman (and even Mayor) in the city of Chicago in early 2015.
But in order to be successful, we suggest that you run for office starting now -- and do so for different office.
You can't legally collect signatures for the office until September of 2014. But you can collect signatures for office such as Illinois state representative and state senator.
The first is that it gives you practice for running for office. You can see what are the different things you need to do (such as filing, setting up debates, meeting constituents), and how much time it takes.
Also, you can analyze results, especially in the city, and see where you have support, where you don't, and where you might have a chance to win over voters.
As you campaign, you can see who you can count on to help you run, and see what types of weaknesses you have (such as a communication team, someone living in the north side of your district).
Because this isn't your "real" office, you can decide how much time and money you wish to invest in this election. You should put in effort, so you get a taste of reality. But you may then step back and family, job, church and other commitments come up.
It is vital, however, after you have run, to follow up with people and ask them why they didn't vote for you, and what it would take to earn their vote.
Many of the materials you use (such as campaign signs, which should be generic such as "Vote for Do-Gooder Consulting") and your website (which states your general values and issues) can remain in place even after this first election. You can build awareness over time, especially in-between election periods.
It sounds like a lot of effort, and off your goal. But trust us -- running for one office can help build your credentials and set you up for victory in your desired office.
(See the end of this article for a FREE offer from Do-Gooder Consulting. Click here to go to Do-Gooder Consulting's website.)
This year, New Year’s day falls on a Sunday. That may seem like a slow day at church, but we here at Do-Gooder Consulting want to challenge you to make it an outreach opportunity that can really benefit urban youth (and many others).
January 1st is the first day to fill out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (more popularly known as the FAFSA). The FAFSA is the primary application for college student aid from not only the federal government, but also state governments and other financial aid sources.
While everyone would like to go home on New Year’s Day (it’s a legal holiday!), it would actually be a perfect time to fill out the FAFSA.
You have to remember that financial aid is like pizza at a party – those who are there when the boxes open up get their choice of slices, and can return any extra food they don’t need. Those who wait while doing “important” things or think that their serving will be there for them when they need it will soon find out that they’ll be lucky if they get anchovies and crust.
And the pizza is getting taken earlier and earlier each year. For example, the state of Illinois has the MAP grant, which gives students up to $4,720 a year in grants. Traditionally, the deadline has been in mid August, when many colleges begin classes. But that has changed over the years, such that in 2013, the MAP grant ran out March 3, more than a month before taxes were due.
Things are much different then when we might have filled out the FAFSA, back in the day. It was all paper back then, and they recommended that you filled out your taxes first. But as we see with the MAP grant example, that’s not practical anymore.
But it’s also something not to worry about, as things have changed for the better through technology. The FAFSA on the web, available at www.FAFSA.gov (note: this is NOT a .com; be wary of any site that wants you to pay to fill out the FREE Application for Federal Student Aid) helps students get at the head of the line for financial aid (as long as they have already applied –and have been accepted) to colleges where they are seeking aid.
Families who fill out the estimated FAFSA on January 1st will still have to update that information once they have completed 2013 taxes. But if the taxes were filed electronically (as they are in more and more homes through online programs, as well as services such as H&R Block), there is a new IRS Retrieval tool which will make updating the FAFSA much easier than in years past.
While the optimum candidate for filling out a FAFSA is of course a high school senior, there are two important groups of people to consider as well: returning college students, and adults who may only be considering going back to college.
With returning students, this should be a no-brainer. By filling out the FAFSA this early, they may find themselves eligible for grants and work study they missed out on last year because they waited to fill out the FAFSA or get accepted to college. And since they are home for Christmas break, you have no excuse to not wake them up by lunchtime and have them fill out the FAFSA.
With adults – they may not have considered going back to college. But by filling out the FAFSA, they open up an opportunity. Even if they haven’t been accepted yet, this will be an opportunity to get information on colleges, and open up possibilities that may have been written off in the past.
At worst, the family will waste between ½ hour to 1 ½ hours of time. At best, the family qualifies for thousands of dollars in aid.
While you might want to enjoy a day off (whether that Sunday and/or the next Monday, when many businesses are closed and parents have time available), you can do an incredible amount of good and gain thousands of dollars in aid by making a small time sacrifice.
To help struggling Chicago area ministries and nonprofits, Do-Gooder Consulting will provide free facilitation for the FAFSA after church on January 1st, as well as on Monday, January 2nd. Contact us for details (such as what is needed to host the session, opportunities for other ministries to share with you).
Do-Gooder Consulting also provides an affordable year-long consulting service that includes 3 seminars (The Financial Aid Process – for families; The College Going Process – for youth workers; FAFSA workshop – for families).
Contact us at college@do-gooder.us or call us at 872-222-8008 for details on the free and paid services. We look forward to hearing from you. Find out more about us at www.do-gooder.us
And you can look forward to future blog posts in the near future on subjects such as “What is the FAFSA?”, “What’s the difference between grants and scholarships?” and other relevant college-going subjects. See you next time!
2014 primaries in Illinois are now under way with signatures being collected. In many cases, the incumbent is not getting a challenger.
And even then, it is a Chicago sport to get challengers off the ballot in order to ensure a win. Even President Obama did it to win his state Senator office.
To us at Do-Gooder Consulting, that's a sad situation, and in the long run, isn't helpful to incumbents who sincerely want to serve the public (and not simply their own careers).
The elections are essentially a free opinion poll that gives you a true view of what your active voters think (and not those who like to answer the phone and talk to a pollster). You hear what are issues that parts of your community are passionate about, and to be honest about where you might be failing.
In Chicago, in particular, having multiple opponents are extremely helpful. With Chicago results, you can see precinct by precinct who is with you and who is not. You can then address issues of importance in the right area (for example, if the south part votes for one candidate, then you know those issues, and solutions need to be focused on in that part, even if different than other locations.)
As we mentioned, the removal of an opponent could be done. But if you are a candidate of integrity (especially an incumbent, who proved yourself once to voters), you need to ask if this is necessary. And you may find out that it is truly time for you to step down, again, in a way with integrity (as opposed to simply resigning for no significant reason other than selfish ones).
To sum up our advice: don't be afraid of challengers, and consider them legitimate critiques of your political situation.
Business cards are vital, people! They help you communicate with strangers and help them find a connection.
People can get uptight because they don't have the funds for a fancy business card. While presentation is helpful, the bottom line is the information.
Note: the card doesn't have to be a special shape, or super shiny and glossy. Even if the information is handwritten, or a simple Microsoft Word print out that you cut with scissors, it helps. The "card" may look "bootleg", but as long as the information is accurate and legible, it can help.
But if you DO want something a little more professional, VistaPrint is one that Do-Gooder Consulting uses. On a recent order, we were able to get 500 business cards, plus a metal card holder, for under $12! That's less than $0.03 a business card!
And no, we did not get paid for that shout out! Check RetailMeNot.com for any special deals. There may be other ads and deals found elsewhere.
Whenever you go to a conference, such as the Reload Urban Youth Workers conferences, there are old friends, but often new people who you could have great professional or even personal relationships later on after the event. They may also be a connection to a much needed resource. The possibilities are endless.
The night before you leave your home, make sure you have a bunch of business cards with you (I suggest putting a few in your wallet, a few in a shirt or coat pocket, several in your notebook or calendar, and even more in your computer/tablet case.
While an impressive looking card is nice, having the basic info on a piece of paper the size of a card will work just fine
Handwrite the event you are at before giving your card. It will help the recipient remember how you met
Once you get your business cards, take a bunch and stash them in various places where you can access them: your wallet, purse, computer bag, messenger bag/briefcase, car glove compartment, jacket, conference name tag (if it allows for storage). Doing the entire list sounds excessive, but you never know when you can use them!
Schedule a time after your conference to review the cards YOU have collected. The point isn't collecting them like baseball cards -- it is to use them as tools for future relationships.
Now, I did want to note that sending business card information electronically (such as via smartphone) is helpful. But there are some dangers of that as well:
Your information can be deleted, sometimes to easily. Anyone who currently has a 2 year old can testify to that.
Your information can get buried. Unless you are a major speaker, you will only be one of 200-400 other contacts.
A business card has a chance to be found during laundry, housecleaning, or any number of instances that will not happen with a smartphone.
Labels: bootleg, business cards, communication, Conference, public relations, Reload, small business
We encourage you to use "labels' to help find blog entries that are useful. Some of our most popular are "college access", "college financial aid", "Conference", "Youth Ministry" "web site", "churches", "Illinois College Access Network" and "networking".
You can see our expertise, knowledge and care for these subjects, and we would love your opinion on them as well.
These aren't the only areas we focus on. Check our website at www.do-gooder.us and see some of our other specialties. We would be happy to post a blog entry on those areas as well, in addition to starting a simple discussion on the topic of your choice.
We use Dreamhost to host webpages (such as our website at www.do-gooder.us They have a special offer for new hosting, for just $1.60 a month for a full year!
We love using Dreamhost because it's simple (well, for advanced users) to use, and are down-to-earth people, as opposed to some big corporations.
If you're unable to establish a website on your own (such as due to time, lack of ability, etc.), Do-Gooder Consulting can help you. Just contact us at 872-222-8008 or web@do-gooder.us for details.
P.S. Dreamhost is celebrating 16 years of existence, so they will have more ways to celebrate their Sweet 16! Happy Birthday, Dreamhost!
We just saw these sale today...and this would be great to pass on not just to your members, but also others who support your ministry -- they can use their opportunities to stock up and donate to you at a later date. Imagine a whole church, going out & buying these supplies for an organization serving underprivileged youth. Even children can have a hand helping other children.
Staples has a sale which includes the following 1 PENNY purchases, after you buy $5 in additional supplies:
This purchase can be accomplished by buying 1 or 2 reams of multipurpose paper at $6.99 each, which comes with an opportunity to get a rebate of $5.99. (Your upfront costs could be as much as $15, but you get a refund of almost $12)
OfficeMax offers a sale similar to Staples, which includes notebooks for 1 PENNY (limit 5), after you buy $5 in additional supplies. You can also get up to 3 packs of 10 pens (PaperMate), 2 Glue sticks for $0.25 (limit 3) , and 4 mechanical pencils at $0.50 a pack (limit 3). They also have a rebate sale on paper, where you can get $6.98 back
Labels: back to school, cheap, Office Depot, OfficeMax, resources, school supplies, Staples, supporters
JP Paulus will be a co-presenter for a workshop during the Illinois College Access Network conference in Chicago on Thursday, August 1. He will join Jeremy Barahona of PURSUE Scholars to talk about "Developing Faith-Based College Access Partnerships", based on our experience with churches, nonprofits and networking.
The aim of the conference is to help those who work with youth (and adults) get them to college, and to connect resources together to help our whole state improve our college graduation rates.
Other presenters, perhaps familiar to our readers, include Professor Daniel White Hodge from North Park's Center for Youth Ministry Studies.
The conference is free, but they ask that you RSVP, in order to plan for the FREE continental breakfast and lunch. Simply send an e-mail to illinoiscollegeaccessnetwork@gmail.com with basic details (i.e. how many are going, what organization you are with, if any)
The conference is on Thursday, August 1, from 8am - 2pm at North Park University, 3225 W. Foster Avenue (in the Carlson Tower building). Free parking is available at the lot on the southeast corner of Kedzie and Foster.
If you are at the conference, please come to see JP Paulus. If you don't see him, call or text 872-22-8008.
In the first article of this series, we looked at the criteria you might want to keep in mind when deciding on a content marketing tech platform. We looked at three important criteria (organise, realise, analyse) and also talked about how to think about price when you're making your decision on what platform to go with.
I'm going to go one step further in this article by applying the four rationales to some of the most common content marketing platforms in the market today.
This is not to say that you should make your decision just based on what you read here, because each organisation and team has a different set of requirements and I haven't taken all your potential variables into account, but I do think you can use this breakdown as a sort of reference guide when comparing solutions and applying the organise, realise, analyse criteria to your situation.
Some of these may not seem like holistic content marketing solutions or platforms in the strictest sense of the words (AEM and Trello, I'm looking at you), but I've seen a bunch of teams and organisations running marketing programs using these platforms, so I think they deserve a run alongside the others in this comparison.
One of NewsCred's greatest strengths is its ability to organise and manage the processes and workflows that sit behind your content production and publishing.
The calendar and pipeline features are solid and well-visualised and the various views allow you to quickly find and work on individual content items without having to click through endless pages or levels.
When it comes to assets, NewsCred doesn't do a great job of sorting these or making it easy for you to edit the metadata of each item so, if you quickly scale from 100 to, say, 10,000 images and videos, you're going to have some challenges finding what you need.
It's easy enough to write an article in NewsCred, track its progress through a production and approval workflow and then publish to a website.
In fact, the version control and comments view in the platform is so easy to navigate that it can easily become the default way for producers and editors/reviewers to communicate about the progress of content.
In my experience, the ability for NewsCred to push completed content into destinations other than your own website (like your Facebook page or YouTube channel) is not smooth and requires a substantial amount of technical knowledge to achieve and then maintain on an ongoing basis so, if you don't have technical skills available to you, this is a red flag to keep in mind.
As with any solution, you'll need to integrate it via API into your website, but once you've done that you might find that the platform's dashboards are not super-intuitive and will make you work to surface the most useful data.
It's also very website heavy, so it's challenging to be able to understand how the one item of content has performed across various platforms including social media as you'll need to surface that information yourself and then build out your own comparisons.
NewsCred is one of the more expensive content marketing platforms on the market, if you want something comprehensive for your team to work with.
The basic plans at about $3,500 per month are on the more affordable end of the spectrum, but they provide very little flexibility and depth which, frankly, make the platform overpriced at that level.
The more expensive levels for NewsCred can run up to about $10,000 per month and give you all the bells and whistles but with substantial ongoing maintenance that, in my opinion, necessitates someone managing the platform full-time so your producers can focus on getting their content output right.
This thing is the 800-pound gorilla of the marketing world and is part of the comprehensive Adobe Marketing Cloud. Specifically, AEM is the most robust of all content marketing platforms if you are running a massive content program with tens of thousands of assets across multiple countries and in multiple languages.
The platform is excellent at organising content, even down to the individual asset level, and finding a needle in a haystack is easy with AEM's powerful search feature. However (and in my opinion, most unfortunately), AEM makes absolutely no allowances for helping you plan, calendarise and workflow your content.
Anything like a content backlog, editorial calendar or production workflow is not supported without extensive custom development which will quickly see you racking up those agency and development hours both in build time and ongoing maintenance. Ouch.
Because AEM is a content management system, you can write and edit your content directly on the web page and see exactly what it's going to look like while you're building it.
This is super useful as it can cut down QA time and help you take advantage of your page templates very easily. Personally, I've found AEM very easy to pick up for content authors and anyone with a slightly technical or design bent will appreciate the extra control over their content.
The main downside of AEM is that you cannot publish content directly to any other channel other than the site/s you're producing for without buying additional products from the Adobe Marketing Cloud. So, you'll still have to either publish to Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest and YouTube manually, one at a time, or pay for a whole other product to do it for you.
You'll need to purchase Adobe Analytics or use a separate analytics platform (e.g. Google Analytics, Mixpanel) and then link the two products together to see any kind of information about how your content is performing.
You can enable some activity reporting within AEM to see, for example, which users are most active and what assets are used most often, but you have no way of knowing if your content is hitting its straps without buying additional software.
The licence fee is substantial and the requirement for a partner or other third-party to spin up and configure your instance of AEM is generally also pricey.
It's not uncommon for Adobe customers to drop over $150,000 in their first year to buy the software, get things up and running and do some very light customisation, although this depends on whether you buy into just AEM or multiple modules of the Adobe Marketing Cloud.
AEM is definitely a long-term play and requires a commitment from your organisation to keep servicing and upgrading it over time to get the maximum benefit from the product.
The thing that makes Trello so popular for content production operations is how simple it is to start and how easy it is to organise your content factory.
For example, you can easily integrate tools like Slack, Dropbox and Evernote into your Trello operation meaning that your users don't need to learn a whole new system before they can publish their first item of content.
Trello is great if you have a relatively small amount of people working on your content team (anywhere up to five or six) and the workflow and review process is quite straightforward.
Because this platform is actually a project management tool, it doesn't have many allowances for things like storing your assets, searching deeply or keeping an audit trail of where you're at with your content production, so keep that in mind.
Trello doesn't account for any content creation or publishing tools so you won't be able to click a 'new article' button or 'upload to Facebook' option, meaning all your actual production must be done somewhere else.
This could be a combination of offline solutions or another platform that I've mentioned in this piece; whatever platform you go with, you'll have to do a lot of eyeballing from one app to the other to make sure things don't get lost, misplaced in a workflow or uploaded in the wrong place.
Once you start getting into the day-to-day of content operations, you'll quickly see that Trello is a great organisational tool, but not at all helpful for content production.
Like I said above, Trello is a project management tool and, while you do have access to some activity reporting, you will not be able to access any kind of performance data or insights about your content on any channel via Trello.
While AEM is a great production platform for content and Trello is a great organisational and workflow tool, neither allow you to understand how well your content is doing.
So, you'd have to plug in an analytics platform or use in-channel analytics for social and then stitch the insights together yourself and, as you can imagine, the costs (licence/platform fees and head hours) quickly stack up.
You can get started for free but with very limited options (for example, you can only attach files smaller than 10MB so say goodbye to those beautiful hi-res TIFF files you're using for your campaign) and integrations with other apps.
On the higher end, you'll pay about $20 per user per month (so, for a team of 10, that works out to about $2,400 per year) with many more security, storage, after-sales care and integration inclusions.
But remember, you're paying that just for a project management tool so, if you're going to set up a Dropbox account, Evernote for Work profiles and Slack for your 10 person team to complement Trello, you'll quickly rack up costs that might be over $2,000 per month.
Personally, I think Percolate is great at simplifying the overall complexity associated with marketing in a bunch of different channels (after all, it is a marketing project management platform). Its features designed to help you organise your marketing operations are easy to learn and use and the product has scaled well into other areas beyond just content.
The platform excels at stitching together various must-have aspects of a great content factory like storing and searching assets easily, planning and assigning editorial tasks and creating briefs and templates. Its marketing calendar and marketing project management features are especially useful if you have displaced or location-independent teams and individuals.
Percolate is a beast though, and, in my opinion, out of all the platforms we're looking at here, it can take the most time to come to grips with Percolate. Expect a months-long learning curve with this platform before you and your teams feel like they're in control and pumping out great content.
Perhaps the best way to encapsulate Percolate's features when it comes to producing and publishing content is to tell you what an editor from a publishing company once said to me, "this is basically the ideal tool for a busy newsroom that's under-staffed". And this translates into the philosophy behind Percolate's production and publishing facets: to give as much quick visibility to managers as to individual producers so everyone can see what they want to see when they want to see it.
Again, this means there are A LOT of buttons, tabs, forms and screens to get used to and, sure, if you're just writing articles, sourcing video or checking metadata, you can just focus on your individual cog in the machine, but, if you're going to take that sort of approach, do you need to get this mega enterprise-grade beast of a tool? Probably not, tbh.
If you want a tool that mainly focuses on getting content planned, made and out there, Percolate is way over-qualified.
Percolate has an insights and analytics suite that is very similar to NewsCred in the sense that it is both gargantuan and heavily visual. It's a sort of interface and platform that rewards deep engagement by someone who is intimately familiar with both the content and perhaps even some data science.
Now, I'm not the most technical of data-driven marketers, but I do know my way around an analytics platform and how to interrogate data a little more deeply; I can tell you, hand on heart, that I've found it hard to see what additional value Percolate's analytics suite brings when compared with the excellent and very free Google Analytics.
Some of the visualisation is different, but I suspect you would need to spend many, many hours with this reporting tool before understanding why you paid extra for it.
In many ways, Percolate is closest to NewsCred (in its feature set and content-first philosophy) and AEM (in that it has multiple modules you can buy and plug together if you want to).
Pricing for Percolate is notoriously hard to come by before you're neck deep into the sales process with their consultants but I've heard peers tell me they've spent somewhere around $40,000 to $60,000 for licence and subscription costs and a similar amount in development and onboarding costs.
Before we start here and in case it wasn't clear, you're reading an article on Cognitives' website. Cognitives has a substantial focus on the entire end-to-end process of content operations, from planning, content creation and asset management through to the distribution and measurement of your content and editorial program.
Cognitives is unique to the market in that it is a content platform at heart, rather than a marketing platform with a 'content marketing module'. It's not a marketing resource management tool, so it's not made to send your campaign emails and SMS offers or run digital display ads like Adobe's products or some of Percolate's features.
Instead, it lets you build out content for multiple channels in the one place and provides flexible features to help you organise and set up your content factory.
These especially broad features include kanban-style boards, editorial calendars, customised workflows and a social funnel tool. Cognitives is up there with NewsCred and Percolate in terms of the breadth of helping you plan for content operations but with a significantly shorter learning curve.
Production and publishing in Cognitives is straightforward and stripped-back; the focus is on enabling authors and producers to quickly create content and move it along the workflow.
It's easy to label and tag content as you go as well as make minor changes at any point in the workflow before and after publishing. This is especially useful as some of the other platforms we've looked at here are more rigid and force you to restart a workflow if you need to change something small (say, the third image in a 600-word piece when everything else is ready to go).
As Cognitives sits behind your content management system, you'll still have to publish onto a website once your content is ready to go but, you can build these sites with Cognitives and then run them alongside sites built in WordPress, AEM, Squarespace or anything else.
The major advantage with Cognitives is its open API which means you can publish to multiple destinations quickly and easily with no copy-paste action needed.
Like NewsCred and Percolate, Cognitives has a powerful analytics platform built in which will help you quickly understand how your content is doing against your objectives.
Importantly, though, the reporting features of the platform are easy to understand and manipulate, with the advantage of having your social media data fed directly into the same dashboard for real-time and immediate comparisons of content performance.
In my opinion, this is especially useful for those creating the content as they can quickly see if an item works across some or all channels, make the required tweaks and optimise what they're producing in almost no time. Expect some time to get up to speed with this facet of the platform, but nowhere near as much as some of the other tools we've looked at here.
When it comes to pricing, Cognitives major difference is that all the various elements of the product (including planning, creation, management, storage, distribution and measurement etc) can be included within one monthly price.
Of course, if you're looking for a tool that does one of these things (for example, something to just manage your workflows or store your assets) then Cognitives offers lower price points for particular features. If you're currently working with two or more platforms, apps or tools for your content and marketing (say, Trello for project management and Dropbox for storage), Cognitives could be a good way to reduce costs and up the quality of your output.
You should expect to pay anywhere from $1,500 per month for their base plan, up to $4,500 per month for the whole kit and caboodle with Cognitives, allowing you to easily scale your content factory up and out for the long term.
Well, like I said at the start and in the first article in this series, you have a specific set of circumstances and business needs to address for your organisation.
This comparison is built on extensive personal experience with these platforms and conversations with my peers who have worked in a range of very large all the way down to very small types of marketing operations.
If you consider the above analysis for each platform as a sort of guide, your next step is to identify which kind of product broadly suits your organisation's challenges and needs and then contact those brands for more detailed information and demonstrations.
Make sure you ask lots of questions, get your end users in the room with the company's sales consultants and try to speak with existing customers to get an idea of the pros and cons of the platform you're thinking of buying into.
Where possible, insist on live demos that reflect your specific use cases and make sure the company also offers after sales support in your country (or at least timezone) and in your language.
Finally, get the product's after-sales team as involved as possible in the onboarding and transition process; this will give you and your team a more robust support network while you're getting up to speed and also help the brand understand how to improve their product in the long-term.
Last night we held our very first Marketing Masterclass at the amazing WeWork Sydney. Andrés López-Varela, former Global Content Editor from Tourism A...
We need to change the way we think about the customer journey. Before we do that, we might need to actually remember our customer journey. Does it rin...
Both with your internal stakeholders and customers, make sure everyone is clear on what they’re getting from you and your team and, even when it comes...
Permanent Archived Link at WebCite.Organized groups reportedly subject Iranian women, boys, and girls to colombian escort sydney sex trafficking in Iran, Afghanistan, the Iraqi Kurdistan Region (IKR Pakistan, United Arab Emirates (UAE and Europe.These centers provide disease prevention tools and examine the sex workers for STDs.In what might be the worst story of all time, the saga of Donald Trump performing lewd acts with Russian prostitutes (and being videotaped by local sex web the Russian government for blackmail purposes) just keeps finding ways to get worse.MI6 and, cIA agents asserting that the supposed tapes really do exist.The governments official response was more measured."Trafficking in Persons Report".Chinas importance was not completely lost on Johnson, though.Go Back, you are now leaving m, free 7 day premium access."Most of the travelers describe the Shi&apos;i institution of temporary marriage (sigheh) as &apos;legalized profligacy&apos; and hardly distinguish between temporary marriage and prostitution." Haeri, Shahla (1989).According to a number of scholars and Iranians, Sigheh is being misused as a legal cover for prostitution in Iran.But at this point we have.Some Iranian women, who seek employment to support their families in Iran, are vulnerable to sex trafficking.
25 See also edit References edit "Sex Work Law - Countries".Jump to your favorite action Sequence Playlists Containing: Prostitutes Flag This Video Remove Ads Language: English The page you&apos;re trying to access: is not part of Pornhub.Watch this hd video now, by upgrading today, you get one week free access.That sounded the alarm back in China, arguably the one economy Britain can ill-afford to peeve given the political sensitivities in play.Part of the landscape, blending in with everything else." 5, police raids have also exposed child prostitution rings."Drugs and prostitution &apos;soar&apos; in Iran".Among these sex workers, there are married women or female clerks, too.Contemporary Issues in the Middle East.Resaaleye Daneshjouyi; Porsesh-ha va Pasokh-ha.Entekhab estimated that there were close to 85,000 prostitutes.Iranian girls between the ages of 13 and 17 are targeted by traffickers for sale abroad; younger girls may be forced into domestic service until their traffickers consider them old enough to be subjected to child sex trafficking.
An individual nation that is not in the region insists on making some waves in the South China Sea where it has turned tranquil, the Chinese Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
home remedies for breast enlargement fenugreek oil food and paste tips fast naturally in hindi Suso plastic surgery
Kids are most welcome at Cabarete Beach House at Nanny Estate. The association with “nannies” has proved itself true many times.
The townhouses have spiral stair cases which can be difficult for the adventurous toddler. We have adjustable gates that can be placed in the stairway to prevent unsupervised excursions.
Most kids that cannot yet swim love the island rock jacuzzi, but the large pool is deep and only for swimmers. Please supervise children of any age in or near the pool.
There is no life guard on duty. Using the pool is at your own risk. Please bring your own life jackets. Do not leave the kids unattended if you have to run back to your house for any activity, immerse yourself in any activity that takes your eyes away from what is happening in the water. These seconds can make all the difference.
In The Shawl, a bereaved woman consults a medium for help with her grief, but are his true motives to guide her, or help himself? In Prairie du Chien, a friendly card game becomes the trigger for a moment of menace, set in a railroad car, late on a Wisconsin night.
Director Zigler, an Atlantic Theater founding member, returns to Mamet's work following his Broadway production of The Old Neighborhood, which opened on Broadway in November 1997, garnering critical acclaim and playing through May 1998. His other credits include Mamet's The Woods, The Cherry Orchard and David Ives' Sure Thing.
Ghost Stories: The Shawl and Prairie du Chien features scenic design by Lauren Helpern, costume design by Linda Cho and lighting design by Jeff Croiter.
Tickets can be purchased at Atlantictheater or by calling (866) 811-4111. Atlantic Stage 2 is located at 330 West 16th St., Manhattan.
The tour will kick off with a three-week engagement in Puerto Rico, with Lin-Manuel Miranda reprising his performance in the title role.
The Great Performances series also features documentaries about Latin History for Morons and Harold Prince.
Broadway critics weigh in on the Australian mega-musical that features a 20-foot-high, 2,000-pound silverback gorilla as its star.
Puerto Rico Engagement of Hamilton, Starring Lin-Manuel Miranda, Will Sell $10 Tickets Through Lottery and Rush
User Control Panel Private Messages Subscriptions Who's Online Search Forums Forums Home PLCS.net - Interactive Q & A Announcements LIVE PLC Questions And Answers Practice Posting Here Archives Casual Talk
Our people are innovative experts in the field and ready to communicate in different European languages.
Plywood is a manufactured wood panel made from thin sheets of wood veneer. Plywood layers (called veneers or plys) are glued together, with adjacent plies having their wood grain rotated relative to adjacent layers up to 90 degrees.
All plywoods bind resin and wood fiber sheets (cellulose cells are long, strong and thin) to form a composite material. This alternation of the grain is called cross-graining and has several important benefits: it reduces the tendency of wood to split when nailed at the edges; it reduces expansion and shrinkage, providing improved dimensional stability; and it makes the strength of the panel consistent across all directions. There is usually an odd number of plies, so that the sheet is balanced—this reduces warping. Because plywood is bonded with grains running against one another and with an odd number of composite parts, it is very hard to bend it perpendicular to the grain direction of the surface ply.
Smaller thinner plywoods and lower quality plywoods (see Average-quality plywood photo below and right) may only have their plys (layers) arranged at right angles to each other, though many better quality plywood products will by design have five plys in steps of 45 degrees (0, 45, 90, 135, and 180 degrees), giving strength in multiple axes. The highest quality specialty plywoods often have plys at 30 degrees (0, 30, 60, 90, 120, 150, and 180 degrees) in seven layers, or have nine layers with two layers of 45 and 135 degrees in the sandwich. The smaller the step rotations the harder it is to manufacture, increasing manufacturing costs and consequently retail price.
Pro základní funkčnost, zpříjemnění používání webu, analytické účely a v případě udělení souhlasu také pro účely cílení reklamy využíváme soubory cookies. Nastavení vlastních preferencí cookies můžete kdykoli upravit odkazem ve spodní části stránek.
A high-rolling corporate shark and his impoverished young guide play the most dangerous game during a hunting trip in the Mojave Desert.
Forced to give up his land and his only home, cantankerous Texas rancher Red Bovie isn't about to go quietly to the dismal trailer park ...
In a rural Appalachian community haunted by the legacy of a Civil War massacre, a rebellious young man struggles to escape the violence that would ...
Eric Lomax was one of thousands of Allied prisoners of war forced to work on the construction of the Thai/Burma railway during WW2. His experiences, ...
Young Albert enlists to serve in World War I after his beloved horse is sold to the cavalry. Albert's hopeful journey takes him out of ...
A girl dying of leukemia compiles a list of things she'd like to do before passing away. Topping the list is her desire to lose ...
Lucinda "Luce" Price is a strong-willed seventeen-year-old living a seemingly ordinary life until she is accused of a crime she didn't commit. Sent off to ...
A young woman who dreams of being a children's author makes an unlikely friendship with a cantankerous, rich old widower.
November 6, 2018 cryptonewsAG 0 Comments 62M, Algorand, Announces, Appoints, Executive, Funding, Micalis, MIT, Silvio, Team
ADVERTISEMENTS First-of-its-kind blockchain and cryptocurrency space built for technology and business, Algorand, announces the closure of a $62M equity investment
Seagate Technology and IBM are working together to reduce product counterfeiting with the use of blockchain and security technologies. The
Key Points Bitcoin price declined further and traded below the $6,440 support against the US Dollar. Yesterday’s highlighted key bullish
The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) pressed formal charges against Zachary Coburn, the founder of cryptocurrency trading platform EtherDelta, for
ADVERTISEMENTS WISeKey International Holding Ltd, a leading cybersecurity and IoT company, announced the release of WISePhone, a secure Blockchain mobile
Twitter Facebook LinkedIn It’s now been nearly two months since Winklevoss-led cryptocurrency exchange Gemini fired the first shot in the
Crystal Classics is one of the premier sources for classic mineral Digital Media Archive specimens and rare mineral specimens online and worldwide. We pride ourselves on our fast and personal service, and nothing pleases us more than a satisfied customer and the joy they will get from adding to their mineral collection boya rulosu .
Browse through our site, or search for minerals for sale. The website is regularly updated with new mineral specimens - from Tsumeb specimens to UK minerals - we have something Business Directory for every collector! Or if you are interested in selling your mineral collection, please contact us. more....
In our new weekly update, we have a varied selection of specimens from European locations, click HERE to see
We are posting regular auctions on Der Hammerstein with selections of minerals from around the world.
Hear uncompressed audio wirelessly with the MDR-HW300K headphone system. The large 40mm driver units with neodymium magnets deliver broad, balanced, and accurate sound for an exceptional wireless listening experience.
Weight Headphones: Approximately 6.7 oz. (190 grams) Including supplied battery Transmitter: Approximately 2.5 oz. (70 grams)
The compact LS-P4 is Bluetooth compatible and can be operated remotely using a "free" Wi-Fi App from Google Play.
Share your recordings with your friends, cable-free thanks to the LS-P4's built-in wireless Bluetooth connectivity. Playback recorded audio or use the recorder to playback your music via compatible Bluetooth headphones or speakers. For Android users, the free Olympus Audio Controller BT app allows you to remotely control the recorder from your smart device.
The “TRESMIC” three microphone system includes both directional and omni-directional microphones to faithfully capture the depth and fullness of sound. An omni-directional microphone is positioned between the two directional microphones, to supply a robust stereo effect. This array of microphones provide a wide frequency response of 20 Hz to 20 kHz when the centre microphone is on, and 60 Hz to 20 kHz when off.
the LS-P4 is the first linear PCM recorder from Olympus compatible with the FLAC lossless compression format. FLAC is a format that allows file sizes to be compressed while maintaining the same sound quality as linear PCM. Due to the VBR (variable bit rate) encoding of FLAC, the quality is always lossless while the resulting bitrate is equal to the information in the original signal. This format is primarily used as the preferred format for high-resolution sound source distribution websites.
The overdubbing function allows you to dub sound over a file whilst listening to it. Create an original recording using sources such as music CDs to make a unique recording in which you "perform together" with pro musicians. Add sound effects such as the bustle of the city or bird calls for subtle arrangements on top of existing data to make something original. The new Fade-in / Fade-out feature gradually increases the volume of the sound from the first second of the sound source and reduces volume over the last second to produce a smooth transition from track to track.
Fluid jet ejectors, steam heaters, mixers, and restarting injectors: Officine Giudici's products cover a large range of industrial needs.
And finally, Andrea Lukacs, an architect by profession and one of conviction, with a clear artistic vocation and who is on a constant search of beauty. Her illustrations are aimed at women who love design that combines innovation with an excellent working technique. The result is an aesthetic that is full of geometric compositions with a very refined style that’s difficult to replicate on a leather canvas, inspired by Piet Mondrian.
Jackpot City Mobile Casino has been in operation since 1998, making it one of the most reputable casinos in the industry. They use the famous Microgaming software for their games,… more
Lucky Nugget Online Casino Canada offers players top Online Casino Games and a generous sign up bonus of CA$1,000. Play in our casino today!
This confluence was the second one of the trip LATITUDE 29, undertaken by a team integrated by friends of mine from Rosario (Pasión 4x4) and Bahía Blanca.
The exit from 29°S 62°W was difficult because it was very muddy and the trenches aside the path required to drive carefully to avoid falling into them.
After crossing the PR 98, we detoured before arriving to Bandera, on a rural path that was very muddy too, and which led to the towns of Malbran and Pinto.
Before crossing the Salado River, the road turned out to be very difficult because of the mud and trenches aside; someone fell into them and we needed the winches for towing.
When we had a break for launch in front of the farmhouse and under big trees, some workers approached to us asking about the reason why there was a lot of people in that place.
Then, we went ahead crossing the Salado river and finding a good gravel road until Pinto town. From here, the idea was to follow the route of the Miquilo-Pinto channel, by the south of the confluence.
To find the starting point of the track was difficult because the railway didn’t let us see it from the route, and once we found it, Pablo Anastasio got stuck into the mud and we needed some efforts and time to recover him.
At first, the road was heavy to drive but miraculously a heavy rural machine had passed before us and our task was simplified. All was right until our track “entered” through a gate with padlock and then we began to invent.
We followed straight to the west in a fork that, in a long slanting way, approached us to the 29°S 63°W. A little before of the 63rd meridian, it turned towards north and after a couple of kilometers, we found ourselves again in the previous track along the channel, which we crossed by a poor wooden bridge.
There, we “saw” a path along the northern coast of the channel and in an enthusiastic way, we faced up it.
Because of our enthusiasm, we did not notice that the path was becoming a narrow path for animals covered by dense vegetation. Too obstinate, we continued until the bushes were higher than our cars, when we realized them would be ready for painting after passing across this natural “sanding machine”: the reason of the name of the confluence. We stopped at 8 km of the confluence.
We returned to the bridge and we continued to the north to study the other options that we had. This northern track approached us to the confluence, at first the most difficult of the trip because the satellite images put us into a dense and inaccessible forest, at least 2 km of the track.
Crossing an open gate, we entered into a private ranch; the first vehicles found a path that led them to the confluence and faced up.
The last vehicle was stopped by a peasant, Jesús, that was very annoyed because we didn’t ask for permission to enter. He asked us to go out immediately because we would break the paths and he could have problems with his boss. He had right but really we hadn’t seen the ranch house to ask for permission.
By VHF we noticed our colleagues that they had to return (although two of us had already reached the confluence) and Pablo Anastasio, patiently made Jesús accept our apologies.
Finally, he told us the way to access near the confluence without problems at all. At 500 meters to the west, out of his ranch, there was a public path that we could approach enough to the confluence by a firewall.
We did so, but the 500 meters were really 1000 and the firewall didn’t coincide exactly with the parallel. Nevertheless it was a way to reach it. Although we already have the proof of having visited the confluence, the entire group decided to go in order to do a real and complete visit.
There were two miracles: the walk was easy because the new firewall exists exactly where we need and it was in good conditions. Besides, the area of the confluence is being used for experimental soybean crops and it was completely deforested. If the position of the point had been displaced 1000 meters, it would have been very difficult by the aspect of the dense forest around to reach it.
Confluence dance and the obligatory pictures meanwhile the dusk fell. The next, 29°S 64°W would be tomorrow.
This event is jointly organized by Chinese Club of Western New York and Buffalo Chinese Garden Club.
This update includes several enhancements such as Adobe Flash plugin support on Linux 32-bit and 64-bit, a new API for getting notifications when in lightweight rendering mode web page has been repainted. Also, the update addresses several critical fixes that improve library stability and memory usage.
The ICA global conference for 2013 hosted at the European University of Cyprus aims to bring together the academia and industry in the crucial sector of cooperatives and social economy.
We are now in a long period of crisis, financial crisis at the beginning, but economic and social crisis thereafter. This crisis has several aspects and consequences, such as failure of enterprises, unemployment, even risk of failure for countries. We need to examine, therefore, the consequences for the cooperative and social economy entities; how they have behaved so far, which changes took place, and how they will emerge from the crisis.
Discussion on crisis can refer to any period or particular situation. That may be on a national or international level, but it can be also on a local level or within a cooperative as entrepreneurial entity. Therefore the question of crisis is not applied to the actual crisis only; it is applied to any period and any circumstances.
The conference will deal with all relevant issues including management of cooperatives, financial issues, social entrepreneurship, and the management of financial crisis. The conference will also examine government policy making and support to the cooperative movement. It is a unique opportunity to create an event where managers of cooperatives, academics, and government policy makers will exchange opinions on how the cooperatives have faced the crisis so far and how they will overcome it and continue to operate successfully after the crisis is over.
The conference will provide a forum for presentation and discussion of scientific papers covering theory, methods, and applications in the fields of cooperative and social economy including a wide range of sectors and problem areas.
The conference is organized by the Ioannis Gregoriou School of Business Administration of the European University Cyprus in cooperation with the International Co-operative Alliance (ICA).
Abstracts will be reviewed by the Scientific Committee in accordance with standard practice. The conference official language will be English.
Practitioners, Researchers, and Policy Makers from the Cooperative and the public sector, as well as universities, are invited to join an international audience at the CoopCy.
Practitioners, Researchers and Policy Makers are invited to submit papers that focus (but are not limited) on the following themes:
The cost of participation to the COOPCY is 250 Euro and this includes Conference Proceedings, buffet lunches and coffee breaks, and the Conference Gala Dinner.
Arrangements should be made directly with the hotels and payments also sent directly to the hotels by the conference participants.
Receipt of abstracts will be acknowledged and decisions on acceptance will be provided no later than April 1st 2013.
The accepted papers may be published in Conference Proceedings or made available to participants in a suitable form.
Publication: The possibility of publishing selected papers in the following journals is currently under consideration: RECMA, Review of International Cooperation Journal of Rural Cooperation, REVESCO, others.
Dean of University of São Paulo Economic and Business School, Brasil, ICA Latin America Research Committee
Economic Policy University of Valencia, President of the Scientific Commission on Cooperatives and Social Economy of CIRIEC, Spain
Director, Unit for Membership Based Organisations, the School of Management, University of Leicester, UK
Centre for the Study of Co-operatives, University of Saskatchewan, Canada, ICA Committee on Co-operative Research (ICACCR)
Technological Educational Institute of Western Macedonia, Greece, ICA Committee on Co-operative Research (ICACCR)
Emergencies do not bind by time or place; they come unwarranted and require immediate attention on your behalf. Lock and locksmith emergencies are not better than any other situation, in fact it can be one of the worst nightmares you could be experiencing. Imagine being locked out of your car in an eerie night within Garfield Ridge, IL With no locksmith help in Garfield Ridge, IL, you are likely to grow agitated and restless. Clearing IL Locksmith Store is a firm that does not want the community to be under such horrific circumstances, which is why we recommend you to put our contact information on your speed dial. As and when a locksmith emergency arises, just give us a call!
Clearing IL Locksmith Store has been operating as a reputable locksmithing firm for over a decade now. Our quality of work and services as a fast locksmith in Garfield Ridge, IL has placed us in a position that no other locksmithing firm has been able to capture.
We are your trusted emergency locks locksmith in Garfield Ridge, IL. From fixing your simple and complex locks to programming your digital locks, we do it all with precision. We extend our services for 24/7 throughout the year, so you can be assured of our quick response to any locksmith issues you’d be facing!
Our team of professional auto locksmiths is adept at fixing your damaged car locks, designing high-security transponder keys, replacing ignition switches, creating high-security keys in Garfield Ridge, IL and many more!
Business premises are in need of top-notch security system, which is why we provide excellent business locksmith services in Garfield Ridge, IL to improvise on your current security setup. From devising restricted keyway systems to providing master keys, we are experts in doing it all!
If you are looking for locksmith services that pertain to the top-notch guidelines outlined in the industry and an affordable one at that, then you have come to the right place! Clearing IL Locksmith Store has gained an eminent reputation over the past decade for providing excellent cheap locksmith services in Garfield Ridge, IL that are not heavy on the pockets at all! They are backed up by state-of-the-art tools and booming technology. If you are looking forward to having a pleasant experience in dealing with your lock issues Clearing IL Locksmith Store is the firm to trust.
discount designer wallpaper and fabric room turquoise bedroom oration design buy uk,buy designer wallpaper online cheap wall panel for home walls cheapest uk discount canada,designer wallpapers discount code buy wallpaper remnants online home decor,discount designer wallpapers uk wallpaper and fabric best price download gallery,designer wallpapers discount code wallpaper and fabric awesome dark background cheap uk,designer wallpaper and fabric uk top hat grey patterned discount online cheap buy,discount designer wallpaper pictures and fabric where can i buy uk,buy designer wallpaper remnants discount best cars reviews and fabric uk,buy wallpaper and samples online from our clearance designer uk remnants wallpapers discount code,textured designer wallpaper paint texture wall for paper design buy online guild discount wallpapers.
Somehow, it was Uncle Stew’s birthday, but we all got treated to an awesome dinner cooked by Aunt Kate. Logan was a …
Logan had a few buddies over for a potty-themed play date with some freebies from Huggies. I was way too distracted by …
Clearly I’ve been way too busy driving around in my new car to update this website. I’ve added some pictures from our …
Categories Select Category 2016 at 06:03PM 2016 at 08:18PM 2016 at 09:05PM 2016 at 11:01PM 2016 at 11:38AM Action Camera At The Camp Creekside Pool Game Night Overlook Pool Parties Playdates Inside Garage Guest Bath Hall Kitchen Brewing Living Room Local AMF Bowling Center Atlanta Botanical Gardens Berry Patch Farms Biello Park Big Creek/Greenway Catch Air Champion Kids Chattanooga TN Chik-Fil-A Chuck E. Cheese’s Cobb County Aquatic Center Cobb County Gymnastics Center Dixie Speedway Dupree Park East Cobb Park Estate Sales FBCW Playground Fernbank Henry Park Hillcrest Orchards Home Depot Leita Thompson Memorial Park Lowe’s Mabry Park McDonalds MVUMC Olde Rope Mill Park Publix Reagan’s Burger Barn Renaissance Festival Roswell Mill Silver Comet Trail Sweat Mountain Park Tellus Science Museum Turner Field Zoo Atlanta Logan 1 Year Old December 2010 June 2011 May 2011 2 Years Old April 2012 August 2012 December 2011 February 2012 January 2012 July 2012 June 2012 March 2012 May 2012 November 2011 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 3 Years Old April 2013 August 2013 December 2012 February 2013 January 2013 July 2013 June 2013 March 2013 May 2013 November 2012 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 4 Years Old April 2014 December 2013 February 2014 January 2014 July 2014 June 2014 March 2014 May 2014 November 2013 5 Years Old First 12 Months November 2009 Prenatal Long Distance Daytona Beach January 2012 Disney World November 2013 Lake Allatoona Manahawkin NJ August 2012 August 2013 December 2013 July 2014 June 2012 September 2014 Tallulah Gorge June 2012 Milestones Holidays 4th Of July 2012 2013 2014 Christmas 2010 2011 2012 2013 Easter 2012 2013 2014 Father’s Day 2013 Halloween 2013 Memorial Day 2011 2012 2013 2014 Mothers Day 2013 2014 New Year’s Our Birthdays Jason’s 38th Logan’s 4th Thanksgiving 2012 2013 Valentine’s Day 2013 Jamestown Place School Preschool Wedding Off Site Aunt Amy & Uncle Corey’s House Aunt Kate & Uncle Stew’s Apartment Birthday Parties Festivals Grandma & Pop Pop’s House Ms. Rita’s House Recreational Sports Gymnastics soccer Swimming Tee Ball The Ruckers Weddings Outside Backyard Spring 2013 Spring 2014 Summer 2014 Winter 2014 Frontyard Spring 2013 Spring 2014 Winter 2014 July 05 July 07 July 11 July 12 June 18 Lights
Subtitles English, English SDH, French, Spanish, Portuguese, German, German SDH, Italian, Italian SDH, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, Korean, Mandarin (Traditional), Norwegian, Swedish
Coming from a theatrical background Hamish’s childhood home was a place where extraordinary things happened, an environment where he and his brothers seemed bound to do something unusual. Hamish is very grateful for that. Hamish sees drawing as the original expression. At a young age this led to him drawing an awful lot, trying to emulate other artists, to understand how they created what they did; but sketching it was and remained to be, until he found the mettle to use colour. Before studying at Wimbledon School of Art and Kingston University, Hamish had lived in the world of black and white, prior to making himself paint - all exuberant enthusiasm and no clear direction finally making a breakthrough when he was 18 years old. This was the first time he had made a painting so serious, with no experimentation, just care and an urgent responsibility to get it right. It was a portrait of his dad that was the turning point, It was no longer a case of just loving painting, but realising that he could be good at it. From this point on it changed everything for Hamish. Painting replaced drawing completely, committing to the use of colour, he went on to painting immediately, considering preparatory sketches unnecessary. “A painting should grab the viewer without an essay or speech, leaving further explanation supplementary rather than vital. Where possible, my own thoughts should recede to allow space for the views of the audience” hamish [B.1968, Canterbury] blakely
Surprise and wonder abound in fantastic vessels, bottlecap portraits, animal sculptures and wall installations constructed from common place materials by some resourceful artists.
Blue Wing Media is a Marketing paragon producing powerful video broadcasts and video streaming websites!
Blue Wing began as an Old Hickory Manufacturing Company, Old Hickory,TN.Hand written payroll journals preserve the heritage.
Blue Wing USA is a national team of independent, proven business efficiency experts that identify client business efficiency needs, realign existing manual or semi-automated business processes to take maximum advantage of state of the art.
** Cyclone 'GAJA' lies over Southwest Bay and adjoining area; Maritime ports are advised to keep hoisted Distant Warning Signal No Two*<
Cycle, climb, run and relax … at Sheffield’s festival of outdoor activities …https://t.co/2u0g6mkn7k
Previous PostPrevious .@PaulBlomfieldMP Please attend the debate on Tues to discuss the funding crisis? World peace would be a bonus if you have extra time.
Next PostNext .@daringfireball I think https://t.co/9Cl0cgZ6X0 is why Apple could still take they day if they enter the talking canister market late.
Senior Software Engineer – currently specialising in Ruby on Rails development. Learning Elixir, Elm, React.
Having served as special assistant to a United States President, deputy director of the White House Office of Public Liaison, communications director for a U.S. senator, and an author of a political memoir, Timothy Goeglein is a recognized name in American politics. At Concordia University Wisconsin, Goeglein holds another distinction as the man who planted the seed directly to former U.S. President George W. Bush, to speak at CUW’s 2004 commencement ceremonies.
Goeglein himself was a commencement speaker at Concordia University in 2002. At the time, he was impressed with the people he met, particularly the president of the university, the Rev. Patrick T. Ferry, Ph.D., and noted that the university community embodied the same virtues that the Bush administration shared.
“I had such an extraordinary experience at Concordia and met some of the most extraordinary people…humble, servant-oriented, and kind,” explains Goeglein. “When you’re left with that kind of aroma you want to share it with others.”
A couple years later, Goeglein had the opportunity to share that Concordia aroma in the most powerful of ways. While in a meeting at the White House, a team was exploring opportunities for President Bush to speak in a higher education environment. Without hesitation, Goeglein suggested Concordia University Wisconsin. While no one in that room had heard of CUW, Goeglein’s good word was enough for the President. Within a few weeks President Bush brought a message of Christian faith in politics to the graduating class of 2004. Even Goeglein admits he was stunned by the rapid response and describes the sequence of events as providential.
Goeglein recently returned to campus to keynote CUW’s 2018 President’s Roundtable. He spoke to invited guests about being Christian in the public square and shared his message of hope and optimism in the next generation.
In his current role as vice president of external relations for Focus on the Family, Goeglein spends much of his time advocating for Christian families amongst policy makers, legislatures, and politicians in Washington, D.C., where he has lived with his wife, Jennifer, and their two sons, Tim and Paul, for 27 years.
When he isn’t dealing in policy in the nation’s capital, Goeglein visits college campuses to talk with students about their role as Christians in the public square. He thinks that Millennials are getting a bad reputation, particularly by those who don’t spend any time with young adults.
“People seem to forget that young adults are not of one piece,” he explains. “They have experienced wars, rumors of wars, a culture saturated in violence, and values other than our Biblical traditions. Yet, as we crisscross the country to meet with them, we’re finding a remarkable coterie of young men and women who are serious Christians who want something different. They know that integrity, humility and faith form the basis for how they want to live their lives.”
Even during challenging times like these Goeglein describes himself as a “hopefulist” and confidently predicts that the best days of our country, culture, and civilization are ahead of us. He reminds Christians that our faith teaches us about regeneration, and that beauty and revival always follow the darkness.
“We’re always going to have division and disunity within a nation as large, complex, and continental as we are,” says Goeglein. “Remarkably, a large number of young men and women want to live intentionally as Christians. They feel most honor-bound to stand against the common culture of their generation and commit to a higher standard of excellence, integrity, humility.”
Goeglein has learned first-hand about the power of regeneration and the absolution of a Christian leader. As the longest serving member in the Bush White House, he was the eyes and ears of the President, particularly in matters of religion and faith, and enjoyed a certain status that came with that position. Goeglein, a prolific writer, admitted to letting pride cloud his judgement when he was caught plagiarizing someone else’s words in multiple articles at the height of his political career during President Bush’s second term in office. While his error in judgement cost him his job (he resigned immediately), President Bush famously offered him total and complete forgiveness and mercy. The two even prayed together to solidify the experience.
President Bush’s example of Christian leadership is a story Goeglein never tires of telling. As he explains, “I embarrassed and offended the leader of the free world, a man whom I admired and considered a friend, and he extended the freeing and wonderful grace that is at the very heart of confession and absolution – categorically, with no exceptions.” The two men remain friends to this day.
During his visits to college campuses Goeglein shares the story with students to remind them that God never tires of offering us His forgiveness and grace. He challenges Christian students to become Christian leaders who openly confess their faith and extend mercy and grace to all the people in their lives; without exception.
Goeglein often concludes his remarks by referencing his friend David Brooks’ distinction between the “eulogy virtues” like character, humility, and grace, and “resume virtues.” With a final reminder that professional benchmarks are important, but character and integrity are eternal.
If this story has inspired you, why not explore how you can help further Concordia's mission through giving.
8-track advertising advice Africa aging alcohol America in Pictures architecture Australia banking baseball basketball bastards Beatles bicycle advocacy bicycle touring bicycles bicycling Biking Illinois blogging Book Challenge 2009 Book Challenge 2011 Book Challenge 2012 books cars celebrities charities Chicago China Christmas clothing clutter college comedy conspiracy Cook County copywriting creepy crime CTA design dining DJWriter Inc dogs dreams drugs duh economics election04 election06 election08 energy environment fashion food football Georgia GIT grammar and spelling Groupon guest articles guns GW Bush Haiti health highways hiking history holidays house Illinois politics Indiana int'l politics Internet Iraq Japan jokes Lake Michigan language life and death Lincoln Square lyrics maps marketing media Metra military movies music oil Olympics Oswego parents philosophy photos pizza police polling pop culture porn pro cycling projects quotes race real estate religion roadside running science shopping social media space stuff I hate suburbs television Texas travel tributes US politics vacation veterans Wal-Mart walking water weight training weird news wetlands wildlife Wisconsin writing
Copyright © 2009-2018 Cafinated Reads. All Rights Reserved. Please do not reproduce or republish content without permission, unless you are an author.	Tweak Me theme by Nose Graze
The UC Master Gardener Program designed the California Garden Web to serve as a portal to organize and extend the University of California's vast collection of research-based information about gardening to the public. The California Garden Web focuses on sustainable gardening practices and uses a question and answer format to present solutions. The blog below highlights gardening issues pertaining to the season.
UC scientists, students and water agency professionals took a critical look inwards and a radical look outwards when they gathered in Sacramento in October to reimagine California water. The event was the fourth annual gathering sponsored by UC ANR's...
A new breed of ranchers is bringing diverse demographics and unique needs to rangeland management in California. These first-generation ranchers are often young, female and less likely to, in fact, own a ranch. But like more traditional rangeland...
Mark your calendars! The next open house at the Bohart Museum of Entomology, located in Room 1124 of the Academic Surge Building on Crocker Lane, UC Davis campus, is set for 1 to 4 p.m., Sunday,...
We have tried several other vets in the area and always end up going back to Cottonwood. So now we go to them first. Everyone there is so nice and so helpful. We are very happy with them and will continue to bring our loved ones to them first.
The Bell School, a one-room schoolhouse in Cherry Valley, reminds people of a time when children walked to school and electricity was nonexistent.
"There was no heat or running water," said Amy Leiser, executive director of Monroe County Historical Association.
The Bell School today still does not have heat or lights, which is why the school is only open to the public during the daytime in the summer. In order to see the room and be comfortable, people need to rely on the light of the sun and the warmth of the summer.
The Bell School, as it is today, was built around 1875. There was another school in the same spot prior to the building of the Bell School that was erected in 1860.
When the school was still being used, teachers would come in early to start the fire and oversee the care of the school. In the 1860s, a teacher was paid $20 a month. By 1934, however, a teacher made $100 a month.
"As I got older, Miss Helen hired me to go down early in the morning and stoke up the fire," said Emma Jean Fellencer, who attended the school from kindergarten to eighth grade. "It would hold overnight if you banked it really well ... have it warm in an hour or hour and a half."
Many of Fellencer's relatives also attended the school. According to Fellencer, the property the school is on is still technically owned by the Fellencer family who allowed MCHA to use it.
The Bell School served those who lived within a mile of the school from kindergarten to eighth grade. Students learned reading, writing, arithmetic, geography, history and spelling.
"Art and music was up to the teacher," Leiser said. "They taught what they wanted; it wasn't required."
School started later and ended earlier because children needed to help their family on the farm. Also, students needed the sunlight in order to see as the school did not have electric lights.
"I just prayed the sun would come out. We never had windows with any kind of covering. The light was bad for the eyes, period, and my eyes weren't good to begin with," said Fellencer.
School began with a reading from the Bible and the Pledge of Allegiance. Each student had an inkwell on his or her desk, and children used slates instead of paper.
During class, each of which usually lasted 15 to 20 minutes, students would sit in the front on a long bench. Classes were often only composed of one to four students. The entire class of all grades could have as few as 20 students.
Discipline was different then. Instead of getting detention, a student might suffer physical punishment instead.
"The only thing I could remember is they had to sit up in the corner on a stool if someone was really bad. They were cracked with a ruler if they were really bad, too," said Fellencer.
"We, as children, never wore slacks or jeans or anything. We always wore dresses even though there was not much money; we could make them out of seed sacks," Fellencer said.
The Bell School got its name from the large bell in the school's tower. This bell now hangs in Cherry Valley Methodist Church.
Closed in 1953 because of consolidation of schools, Bell School was reopened by MCHA on April 4, 1964.
The Bell School still has the desks and many of the original schoolbooks inside for visitors to peruse. Guests can also see where the original bell used to hang.
There will be a Bell School reunion on Aug. 7 at Cherry Valley Methodist Church for graduates of the school and their families. Former students will give an oral history of what life was like at the Bell School.
"I thought the reason we should get them together is because so many of them are older ... I turned 74 the end of February," Fellencer said.
Some pics of my newly acquired 110 flat deck. Went upto auckland today to pick it up. It seems to be in fairly reasonable condition for its age, rego is on hold so will be easy enough to get back on the road. It was orignally a 3.5 v8 but that and the lt85 have been removed at some stage and have been replaced with an lt77 and an isuzu 2l diesel, dont know the exact details on the engine, looks antique. Currently tossing up whether to strip my 200tdi disco and use the engine and box in it along with the suspension and diffs. Or fit a 4jb1t I have sitting here and attach it to a spare lt77
Got the body off. The chassis is pretty much fucked. Has a had a lot of welding done on it. So will be off to scrap this week. If anyone is interested in the body let me know
Hey mate, I have a 110 which im stealing bits off for another one. Chassis needs a couple of repairs but its in pretty good nick (I was considering getting it back on the road). PM me if interested, not wanting huge amounts for what will be leftover
let me know if your have any body parts available . I need a single cab roof and the rear window, but mainly the roof if they are available Thanks raywongu@ihug.co.nz
There is an adaptor available out of Australia, but they are expensive, especially if you can make your own.
Dropped off the isuzu box and transfer case today, should have the adapter in the next week or 2, better get the rust sorted and all the other parts i need to buy
BlakeNZ wrote: Forgive me this question.So are you fixing the rusted chassis, or replacing it with something else?
Lucky Nugget Ireland Online Casino. Welcome to the home of huge jackpots online. Lucky Nugget online casino is the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow and for players in Ireland there are plenty of opportunities to win big!
Lucky Nugget Online Casino offers exciting and entertaining online casino games. Find out more about our casino games.
Lucky Nugget Casino is a popular Australian online casino with a digging for gold theme! Claim AUD$1000 No Deposit Bonus, sign up to play pokies games.
Lucky Nugget Online Casino Australia. Lucky Nugget provides players in Australia with an online casino experience that's unparalleled. With over a decade in the digital entertainment industry and an excellent reputation for safe and fair play, this online casino has paid out millions in …
Lucky Nugget Mobile Casino. Lucky Nugget is an online casino site powered by MicroGaming and established in 1998, fifteen years in past that is.
Lucky Nugget provides Canadian players with a superior online casino experience. Enjoy slots, table games and more from Microgaming on your PC or mobile.
Lucky Nugget Casino offers a selection of free online games and fast and efficient 24/7 Casino Support
Some of these tracks were first released in 2004 on the "(Not Just) Another X-Mas Album". Thirteen of the fifteen tracks on the compilation was specifically written for this compilation. Use the "buy" link to check out the rest of the album on iTunes.
As a bonus we´ve added two tracks from 2010 and 2011: Kitchen Orchestra´s collaborations with Pål Jackman and Janove Ottesen. Both these tracks are released on beautiful colored 7" vinylsingles with handprinted covers. (the tracks are also available for streaming and download through Spotify, Wimp, Amazon, 7-Digital, iTunes etc)
The latest addition to this playlist is the new single from Elise Vatsvaag: December. Not a x-mas track per se, but the title and the track fits nicely with the rest of the tracks
From all of us to all of you: A slightly alternative X-Mas compilation to help you find that x-mas spirit.
These tracks were first released in 2004 on the "(Not Just) Another X-Mas Album". Thirteen of the fifteen tracks on the compilation was specifically written for this compilation. Use the "buy" tab to check out the rest of the album on iTunes.
As a bonus we´ve added the brand new x-mas single by Kitchen Orchestra & Pål Jackman: "Jul (i sin helhet) på Jæren". The single will be released 13. December 2010 on a lovely red 7" vinylsingle with handprinted cover.
So, wherever you might be at the moment: go out and buy yourself a record of a local act. Support your local scene and record store. If you cant get to a store or there are no stores where you live: go online! Remember to tell your friends.
Just hearing the word Vegas makes a lot of people go wild. Vegas is a second word for partying. So planning a trip to Vegas will make you little confused where to go what to see, Vegas.com guides you right. Planning for a Vegas wedding or a family vacation, everything can be covered by Vegas.com. From the major Attractions for tourist to the breathtaking shows with a taste of delicious food. A city full of sinful attraction to make your mouth drop open, so what are you waiting for go and explore the city with the hottest attractions available.
After passing from the most famous sign WELCOME TO VEGAS, a little further ahead you will see the strip, is lined with huge entertainment palaces. Here at Las Vegas discover the most iconic landmarks, home to many exotic performances and fine dining. A perfect time to see it at night when it is twinkling and glittering and creating an illusion with neon signs.
Get a taste of Italy in Vegas with these gondola rides that fun which is located in front of the Venetian Hotel. Get the same romantic atmosphere with your special one by replicating the scenes of Venice. I must say it really does the job well. These rides also ride through the shopping arcade inside the hotel.
The most famous and hottest attraction is the fountain show located in front of the Bellagio. The dancing fountain performs a beautiful display of water in the air to a choreographed dance to music. From the sidewalk, visitors have a ringside view.
Red rock canyon national conservation area offers a great attraction to the tourist visiting Vegas. It has been a road trip destination for decades. A variety of tours are being offered with unique ways to experience the red rock canyon from helicopter rides to hiking and much more. Some of them start right at the Grand Canyon while other trips start to form nearby cities.
The MGM Grand casino features all the attraction that a person is looking for when visiting Vegas from the entertainment to the luxury. MGM Grand is not just a hotel that provides accommodation but it also caters to many high profile restaurants and nightlife venues. During the day, experience the wet republic ultra pool, where you can enjoy while dancing and swimming or relaxing. Travelers usually get impressed by the size of the casino, but the nightlife of Vegas is the main highlight.
Gotta question? Need some help? Our top priority really is Customer Service. Because email is so unreliable, we've developed this Ticket System to communicate with our customers. Just click " New Ticket", fill in the required information and your message will go directly to our Help Desk. You can even send us your logo in GIF or JPG format (use the FILE section below the message block). We'll reply via email when the response to your Ticket has been posted. Sometimes emails don't get delivered - no problem. Just come back to our Help Desk at anytime and you can check to see if your reply has been posted.
Please enter your email address and ticket ID below to access your ticket. If you do not know your ticket ID, leave it blank and a list of all of your tickets will be sent to your email address.
Up-and-coming rapper Lebogang Yende has traveled all the way from Durban to premiere his eyebrow-raising song entitled ‘We Are All Monkeys’. Then, South African waterpolo representative John-Marc De Carvalho explains the realities that take place below the water surface and below the belt!
this can be a replica of a vintage textual content optimised for kindle units. we've endeavoured to create this model as with regards to the unique artefact as attainable. even though sometimes there's definite imperfections with those previous texts, we think they should be made to be had for destiny generations to enjoy.
©2017-2018 TEDx Lamia. All rights reserved. Disclaimer: This independently organised TEDx event is operated under license from TED. TEDx Lamia is proudly powered by WordPress.
If you want to get full access to my photo gallery and pre-recorded videos, please Buy Credits or upgrade to VIP Member Account.
Awards are based on ratings given by people who have seen my private shows, take me to private chat to help!
Important Notice: All persons whose images are displayed on affiliates.camdough.com are autonomous, work from remote private premises, are neither employees, nor independent contractors of affiliates.camdough.com
Wonderful web site. A lot of helpful information here. I am sending it to several friends ans also sharing in delicious. And naturally, thank you in your effort!
That is very fascinating, You are a very professional blogger. I've joined your feed and look forward to seeking extra of your fantastic post. Also, I have shared your website in my social networks
One more thing: among the first lessons I learned as a salesman back in the Stone Age was to sell your product by its merits, not by your view of the failure of some other product. It’s better that way–if you want to build trust.
Wow! This website definitely ticks with me and that I can claim nothing significantly less than I enjoy
What's up colleagues, how is everything, and what you want to say concerning this paragraph, in my view its in fact amazing in favor of me.
I just could not keep without saying many thanks in the base of my heart after looking over this great blog!
I really like reading sites such as this! Causes me to experience an experience that is cozy enjoyable
When any smart person would find out is that there is nothing evil and controlling about "Perfected Mind Control - The Unauthorized Black Book of Hypnotic Mind Control" instead it's about
The abundance of advanced technology in our vehicles helps keeping you safe, connected and comfortable at all times, while moving the automotive industry forward. Every Cadillac is crafted to enhance your driving experience and make each journey even more enjoyable.
Real-time updates at your fingertips so you can stay informed and connected. Simply touch the Cadillac CUE® screen and access a suite of information and entertainment offerings, as well as available enhanced 3-D GPS Navigation.
With Phone Integration compatibility for Apple CarPlay™ and Android Auto™ you can access your contacts, music, information and more with just the touch of the Cadillac CUE® sreen. Plus with voice-activated technology, every feature is easily accessible, so you can keep your attention on the road ahead.
An enhanced view of the world behind you. With just a flip of a switch, the driver can stream the view from a rear-mounted camera to the rearview mirror. This less obstructed view offers 300% improved vision than an ordinary mirror. A simple flip instantly reverts the rearview mirror back to its traditional form.
Adjust to every inch of the road. Available Magnetic Ride Control uses a series of sensors to read and react to the road up to 1,000 times per second, maintaining precise body control and chassis composure for a smooth, seamless ride, no matter the road conditions.
No cables needed. With conveniently located Wireless Charging and phone charging case, you can power-up your compatible phone or tablet any time the vehicle is on-the-go.
The Performance Data Recorder is engineered to help you improve your lap times. It records your track driving — capturing video, audio and performance data in real time.
All the information can be seen on the Cadillac CUE® screen or saved on an SD card to watch and share later. The system’s four overlays —Sport, Track, Performance or Tour — help analyze your skills. And for an even more detailed analysis, the Performance Data Recorder can be used in conjunction with the Cosworth Toolbox. Used by professional racing teams, this software provides a turn-by-turn breakdown of your run to improve your driving skills.
An extra feature available in selected vehicles, Valet Mode enables you to lock both the secret compartment of the Cadillac CUE®, as well as the glove box. On V-Series vehicles, it works together with the Performance Data Recorder to monitor how the people parking your V-Series vehicle are treating it.
Hands full, hands free. The standard liftgate of the XT5 or Escalade has an available hands-free feature that allows you to open and close the liftgate with a kicking motion under the left of the rear bumper when the Keyless Access fob is with you. And a memory height function allows you to program how high the gate will open, avoiding damage to the vehicle in tighter spaces.
Stunning listening in every seat. The Bose®Panaray® sound system is exclusively available in the Cadillac CT6. Making the most of innovative technologies and 34 strategically positioned speakers, it is a first not only for Cadillac, but the industry. This inspired design delivers a stunning listening experience that is second to none.
Keep all passengers. The Rear Seat Infotainment available for the CT6 system features articulating 10" diagonal HD with Blu-ray™ playback and connectivity for brought-in devices. The screen tilts for easy viewing and will remember that position until a new one is set.
The Cadillac Escala – from the Spanish word for “scale” – is a reflection of Cadillac’s design evolution. A stunning combination of tech-centric innovation and handcrafted elegance, it is at once a symbol of arrival.
The many technology features inside the Escala are a perfect complement to the handcrafted interior. Inside you’ll find an OLED touch screen spanning the front console, a central module control that responds to your voice, touch and gestures, and a rear seat connectivity system.
Strictly Necessary Strictly Necessary cookies are essential to let you move around the website and use its features, such as accessing secure areas, shopping baskets and online billing. These cookies allow our website to provide services at your request.
Performance Performance cookies collect information about how you use our website e.g. which pages you visit most often, and if you experience any error messages. They also allow us to update our website to improve performance and tailor it to your preferences. These cookies do not collect any information that could identify you - all the information collected is anonymous. They will not be used to target adverts to you on other websites.
Functional Functionality cookies are used to remember the choices you make, e.g. your user name, log in details and language preferences. They also remember any customisations you make to the website to give you enhanced, more personal features.
Targeting Targeting cookies collect information about your browsing habits to deliver adverts which are more relevant to you and your interests. They also measure the effectiveness of advertising campaigns.
Johnc62: Fckin awesome things here. I am very glad to see your article. Thanks a lot and i'm looking forward to contact you. Will you please [...]
Johna729: Some genuinely great information, Glad I discovered this. Good teaching is onefourth preparation and threefourths theater. by [...]
Numerous well-known faces from the fashion world, art, the media…, between them and in order of appearance, Natalia Verbeke, Carla Royo Villanova, Lucia Cuesta, Aurelio Manzano, Mónica Cruz, Jose Toledo, Lorena Gómez, Enrique Solis, Toni Acosta, Lulú Figueroa Domecq, Angel Schlesser…, turned up to see the new GALLERY capsule first hand as well as the rest of the capsule collections by Anna Cortina.
1 Thesis and Dissertation Manuscript Formatting and Documentation Styles Each graduate program that requires a dissertation or thesis has adopted an appropriate formatting and documentation style used in scholarly publications in the field. The student and advisor are responsible for ensuring that this style is used consistently throughout the manuscript. The list of preferred styles is organized alphabetically by school. Under each department or program, students will find the preferred style and the title of a journal or journals for reference. Students should contact the dean s office in the school if a style and journal are not listed under the program or department. Please contact your staff graduate advisor, as individual departments may have additional information regarding formatting styles. USC School of Architecture Architecture (M.Arch., Ph.D.) Building Science (M.B.S.) 16 th ed. Heritage Conservation (M.H.C.) 16 th ed. Landscape Architecture (M.L.Arch.) USC Division of Biokinesiology and Physical Therapy Biokinesiology and Physical Therapy USC Marshall School of Business All USC Marshall School of Business Ph.D. Programs USC School of Cinematic Arts Interactive Media (M.F.A.) Modern Language Association (MLA) Style Producing (Peter Stark Program) M.F.A. Film Schedules: Entertainment Partners Movie Magic software format Screenplays: Industry format All other programs in School of Cinematic Arts USC Dornsife College of Letters, Arts and Sciences American Studies and Ethnicity American Quarterly
National Research Council (NRC) Assessment of Doctoral Programs NRC Assessment What Is It? A study of the quality and characteristics of doctoral programs in the U.S. o Only programs in the Arts and Sciences
2007-2012 Schedule for Program Review, based on OIRP Program Inventory University of Kansas Lawrence Campus By School College of Liberal Arts and Sciences School of the Arts CIP Program (by Reporting Unit)
Graduate Degree Granting Units and Programs at Michigan State University Accounting - Master of Science Advertising - Master of Arts African American
Accounting - Master of Science Advertising - Master of Arts African American and African Studies - Doctor of Philosophy African American and African Studies - Master of Arts Agricultural, Food and Resource
1 Academic Programs A (p. 1) B (p. 1) C (p. 2) D (p. 3) E (p. 3) F (p. 4) G (p. 4) H (p. 5) I (p. 5) J (p. 5) K (p. 5) L (p. 5) M (p. 6) N (p. 6) O (p. 6) P (p. 6) R (p. 7) S (p. 7) T (p. 8) U (p. 8) V
University of the Philippines Courses in the University of the Philippines are all generally taught in English Agricultural Sciences
University of the Philippines National University of the Philippines The University of the Philippines has eight constituent units-, UP Los Baños, UP Manila, UP Baguio, UP Visayas (with campuses in Iloilo/Miagao
Alumni Graduate Enrollments in Graduate Degree Programs, by Graduate Field of Study All reported enrollments, since Class of 1960, by Descending count by field of study Source: Graduate fields of study
2009-2010 Changes to the American Community Survey Field of Degree Data The American Community Survey s (ACS) field of degree coding system assigned is based on the coding system used in the National Center
VI - Academic Degree Programs of the University The University s academic degree programs and student enrollment within these programs generates the primary demand for facilities. The Florida Board of
Dalhousie University 2014/2015 Enrolment Statistics - Enrolment by Faculty 1 and Field of Study as of December 1 (Headcounts) December 1, 2014
Student Loan Game Plan Your Choices. Your Success. All About Your Success Student s Guide to Borrowing Levels by Major When you re reviewing your financial aid award letter and applying for a loan, think
Graduate Programs at a Glance This graduate programs chart lists degree, combined, collaborative, and diploma programs. All programs are offered full-time unless otherwise noted. Degree Programs Graduate
Student Loan Game Plan Your Choices. Your Success. Student s Guide to Borrowing Levels by Major When you re reviewing your financial aid award letter and applying for a loan, it s easy to focus only on
Degrees Offered with Enrollment and Degrees Awarded - 2012-13 All plans, programs, and degrees 2012-13
Graduation Summary 2006-2007 Office of Institutional Research No. 19, October 2007 http://oregonstate.edu/admin/aa/ir/graduationsum.html This annual Graduation Summary provides statistical information
Appendices Appendix A: Multiple Program Profiles The following table shows the numbers of graduates and respondents for the programs whose graduates were pooled for reporting purposes. The goal of this
s and fees Postgraduate Coursework Degrees Course DOCTORATES BY COURSEwork Doctor of Clinical Dentistry [see p.32] $42,000 3 C,E Yes 3c Bachelor of Dental Surgery or equivalent registrable dental qualification
Degrees, Options, Minors, Certificates, and s Program Title Type of Program Catalog Reference 3-D Media Option, BFA in Art Art Accountancy Option, BS in Business /MS Accountancy Acting Option, MFA in Theatre
Langara s University Quality Alliance (UQA) program. is designed to help students access Canada s top universities.
Langara s University Quality Alliance (UQA) program is designed to help students access Canada s top universities. Through UQA, students have the opportunity to study two years at Langara followed by two
Degrees and Programs Offered 1 Degrees and Programs Offered Degree Programs Tables Undergraduate, Graduate and Professional Degree Programs Approved by the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board Interdisciplinary
UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN - ANN ARBOR UNDERGRADUATE ACADEMIC PROGRAM RANKINGS Most of the information in the table below is from sources that use surveys of university administrators and / or faculty as the
DRAFT. Bachelor of Arts Degrees and Options. Bachelor of Fine Arts Degree and Options. 28 Bachelor of Arts Degrees, 57 Options
Business Bachelor of Arts. Education. Earth Science Education Earth Science/ Teaching Master of Arts, Master of Science, Doctor of Philosophy
Miami University 1 Undergraduate and Graduate Majors and Degrees The following charts list all majors and degrees, minors, and certificate programs offered by Miami University. Descriptions appear elsewhere
Accreditation and Affiliation ASU Main and ASU East. Arizona State University Main is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission and is a member of the North Central Association. For more information,
OFFICE OF THE UNIVERSITY REGISTRAR Enrollment by Unit, by Program of Study Autumn 2008 Census (Middle of Fourth Week)
University of Michigan - Ann Arbor Recent Rankings for Undergraduate Academic Programs Most of the information in the table below is from sources that use surveys of university administrators and/or faculty
Graduate Degrees, Majors and Certificate Programs The University of Tennessee, Knoxville 2014-2015 Academic Year/Listed by College and Department
Degrees, Majors and Programs The University of Tennessee, Knoxville 2014-2015 Academic Year/Listed by College and Department Below is a list of all graduate degree programs offered at the University of
ARCS Foundation, Inc. Academic Institutions and Departments (by Chapter) Approved Institutions/Departments/Programs, revised 07.15.
ARCS Foundation, Inc. Academic Institutions and Departments (by Chapter) Approved Institutions/Departments/Programs, revised 07.15.2015 Atlanta Chapter Emory University Graduate Division of Biological
Leventhal School of Accounting Master of Accounting October 1- March 31 Fall Admission October 1- March 31 Derek Robinson derekrob@usc.edu (213) 740.4866 pre-requisites: Introduction to Financial Accounting;
Graduate Degrees, Majors, and Certificate Programs The University of Tennessee, Knoxville 2009-2010 Academic Year/Listed by College and Department
Graduate Degrees, Majors, and Certificate Programs The University of Tennessee, Knoxville 2009-2010 Academic Year/Listed by College and Department Below is a list of all graduate degree programs offered
WEAVE Program Inventory (as of July 2014) College of Arts and Sciences African-American Studies, BA Anthropology Department Anthropology, BA Anthropology, MA (cooperative) Art and Art History Department
Faculty Data: Oklahoma State University Survey Data Collected Fall 2012 First published in 1974, the Faculty Survey by Discipline is a project directed by Oklahoma State University s Office of Institutional
Graduate Degrees, Majors and Certificate Programs The University of Tennessee, Knoxville 2013-2014 Academic Year/Listed by College and Department
Degrees, Majors and Programs The University of Tennessee, Knoxville 2013-2014 Academic Year/Listed by College and Department Below is a list of all graduate degree programs offered at the University of
BYLAWS OF THE GRADUATE COLLEGE UNIVERSITY OF ILLINOIS AT CHICAGO Approved May 12, 1988, Amended May 10, 1989, Amended May 20, 1991, Amended April 16, 1992, Amended April 12, 1993, Amended April 11, 1994,
BC Degree Degrees approved between 1996 and 2003 are listed below by institution. Please visit the institution's website for information or refer to the Education Planner for degree programs prior to 1996.
Table 1. Number and Percent of Women Faculty in Science/Engineering by Department, 2006. Division/Department Women Men % Women
Table 1. Number and Percent of Women Faculty in Science/Engineering by Department, 2006 Division/Department Women Men % Women Physical Sciences 59.50 400.80 12.9% Biological Systems Engineering 1.00 12.25
Graduate Majors, Degrees and Certificates Programs The University of Tennessee, Knoxville 2015-2016 Academic Year/Listed by College and Department
Majors, Degrees and Programs The University of Tennessee, Knoxville 2015-2016 Academic Year/Listed by College and Department Below is a list of all graduate degree programs offered at the University of
Miami University Degrees Awarded By College/School, Major Field of Study and Type of Degree CAMPUS = OXFORD College/School = College of Arts and Science American Studies Bachelor of Arts 16 Anthropology
OFFICE OF THE UNIVERSITY REGISTRAR Enrollment by Unit, by Program of Study Winter 2007 Census (Middle of Fourth Week)
4 The customers you want, where you want GREATER DALLAS TEXAS TARGETED DISTRIBUTION 4TH LARGEST MSA IN THE USA 14 Community Newspapers 121,000+ Midweek Circulation 149,000+ Weekend Circulation 271,000+ Full Week Circulation 650,400+ Readers OUR NEWSPAPER READER DEMOGRAPHICS: Families with children with disposable income that are spending to invest in their homes, quality of life and children s education. Many are also empty-nesters with greater than average disposable income. DAILY ONLINE: 14 Websites under StarLocalMedia.com 1.2 Million+ Page views quarterly Combined with Mesquite Source: 2011 Census Bureau data compiled by EASI and AdMall; National Newspaper Association database 2010
9 Local focus in our communities The ONLY place to find any local news. You can t get anything from TV or the metro paper about what is going on in our own backyard. -C. Sproba, Local Resident Our editorial staff lives in the communities in which they work. We provide unique, relevant information about local politics, schools, sports, and community events. Since we target our distribution, we deliver newspapers in the areas with your best customers so that you get the best results from your investment. Suburban newspapers are the #1 source for all things local, surpassing metro newspapers, television, radio and the internet as the top source for community and neighborhood news, local youth and high school sports, local business news, local shopping and advertising, and local entertainment news. -The SNA Suburban Market Study conducted by RJI, January 2010
10 Media that goes where the customer is The people in our communities learn about the local news we are reporting through a variety of methods. Utilize our multiple media platforms so you can be where your customers are. 45 Community Newspapers 48 Community Websites and Resources Mobile Platforms 1.24 Million Full Week Circulation 2.97 Million Readers in Print 1.7 Million Readers Online Reach over 2.97 Million Potential Customers Directly in their Communities Reach an increasing mobile audience with your message
12 Results your need & return on investment CASE STUDY FOR A NATIONAL RETAIL ADVERTISER PRINT RESULTS After only running a 2 week test, we knew there was untapped potential with your publications. DIGITAL RESULTS At the end of the 3rd day your mobile was #1 out of all our national buys. Before the end of the first week your online banners were performing at #3 out of all our online buys. CONCLUSION After two weeks you blew away the competitors and far exceeded our expectations. This client is now under long-term contract. TARGETED PRINT TARGETED DIGITAL ROI
13 Your vehicle to position yourself in the thriving communities around Houston, Dallas, Phoenix & Tucson.
Media Kit 2016 5353 W. Alabama, Suite 214, Houston, TX 77056. Phone: 1-888-885-7712 info@ev-houston.com Who we are Since we were born EV Houston Media has dedicated efforts to inform in a innovative way
plan.design.achieve urban design studio arizona nevada texas perini corporate headquarters, las vegas, nevada we innovate with purpose AndersonBaron was launched in 2005 by Brett Anderson and Andrew Baron
West Valley Collaborative Three organizations which serve the West Valley are working collaboratively toward promoting the goals of the Arizona We Want 2.0. We look upon this report as a starting point.
First Things First Regions Defined (Communities/Zip Codes) Cochise Regional Partnership Council provides services throughout Cochise County. It also includes all of ZIP code 85602, which crosses into Pima
More than just a newspaper. A One-Stop Shop Star-Telegram is the preferred local source of ad information. We connect you with consumers The Leading Daily Paper Community Weeklies Spanish Language Niche
PARENT INFORMATION PROGRAM NOTICE Parent Information Program - This is a very important document. Read it completely. You and the other parent must attend and complete a class in the PARENT INFORMATION
Making the Most of Your Health Benefits. Memorial Hermann Health Insurance Company Member Booklet Houston, Texas
Making the Most of Your Health Benefits Memorial Hermann Health Insurance Company Member Booklet Houston, Texas Welcome! Member Quick Reference Guide As a member of Memorial Hermann Health Insurance Company,
2011 media kit Serving TExas: the Greater Houston, Gulf Coast and Southeast region; the Dallas/Fort Worth area; and San Antonio/Austin area Introduction Founded in 1996 as a small newspaper for the Acres
Joey Ridenour Executive Director ARIZONA STATE BOARD OF NURSING Nursing Assistant Training Programs Annual First -Time Pass Rates The following is a list of annual pass rates for nursing assistant training
Chapter 19 Advertising Section 19.1 Advertising Media Section 19.2 Media Measurement and Rates Advertising Media Key Terms promotional advertising institutional advertising media print media transit advertising
commercial REAL ESTATE experience matters While no two clients needs are exactly alike, we at Levrose have been working with landlords, tenants, buyers and sellers in helping with their specific requirements
2015-2016 Project Citizen Technical Assistance Regional Coordinator Request for Proposals This is an exciting opportunity to: Transfer your knowledge of Project Citizen to students new to the program Impact
Regular Meeting Agenda Item #7.C October 16, 2012 Action Request to Accept Trade Adjustment Assistance Community College and Career Training Grant Recommendation: Staff recommends acceptance of a Trade
CHARLESTON NEWSPAPERS MARKET BOOK OUR GEOGRAPHY CHARLESTON, WEST VIRGINIA is located less than 500 miles from major cities throughout the eastern United States, including New York, Washington, D.C., Pittsburgh,
Fees listed below represent what was reported to ADE as of 06/27/2011. Please contact the testing center of your choice to verify fees, hours, and registration process. Apache Chinle Unified School District
2007 RATES Auto Auto Manufacturer Manufacturer Dealer Associations 06AS304 1 PERSONNEL Publisher and Chief Executive Officer David Hiller Sr. Vice President of Advertising Dave Murphy (213) 237-2973 Vice
WELCOME. Hillside Village is a 615,000 sf mixed-use open-air. retail destination located less than 20 minutes from
WELCOME Hillside Village is a 615,000 sf mixed-use open-air retail destination located less than 20 minutes from downtown Dallas, strategically located in the midst of a dynamic new retail hub in Cedar
MEDIA KIT MEDIA KIT For today s advertisers, The Philadelphia Tribune is much more than a newspaper. Certainly, marketers have made a habit of choosing the award-winning Tribune because it s the Greater
2015-2016 We the People Technical Assistance Regional Coordinator Request for Proposals This is an exciting opportunity to: Transfer your knowledge of We the People to students new to the program Impact
The student information sheets linked to the website are intended to give students information that may be helpful as they seek to continue their education. The following information (as applicable) is
This is not a referral list. The Alzheimer's Association does not endorse any person, organization or facility listed. Inclusion or exclusion is not an indication of approval or disapproval. *County indicates
the interchange of business project overview PV303 is a master planned business park designed to meet the growing demand for commercial and industrial opportunities in the greater Phoenix area. Located
Online Reader Surveys These online reader surveys were created and conducted by students at the School of Journalism and Mass Communication at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in spring
ATLAS.DOC ATLAS LOCKSMITH SOLUTIONS LLC s CRIMINAL ACTIVITIES This document ATLAS.doc and its companion documents Atlas_Phone_Numbers.xls and (866) 613-0727.doc are the product of between 100 and 200 hours
The People Papers. Battle Creek Shopper News. The Reminder. The Advisor & Chronicle. The Sun and News. The Hastings Banner.
Greater Tulsa Reporter Newspapers Oklahoma s largest monthly news group. Six monthly papers for the price of one. Audited readership of over 200,000
Greater Tulsa Reporter Newspapers Oklahoma s largest monthly news group. Six monthly papers for the price of one. Audited readership of over 200,000 including website, www.gtrnews.com. Earned value benefits
Summer 2013 Term June 3, 2013 (Monday) June 3-4, 2013 (Monday Tuesday) June 5, 2013 (Wednesday) June 5-6, 2013 (Wednesday Thursday) June 6, 2013 (Thursday) July 3, 2013 (Wednesday) July 4, 2013 (Thursday)
ATTENTION ARIZONA HIGH SCHOOL SENIORS TUITION SCHOLARSHIPS Available at Arizona Private Career Schools and Colleges The Arizona Private School Association with the participation of its member institutions
Small Group Meeting Schedule 2012-2013 National Board Cycle 1. Alhambra Elementary/Phoenix Elementary/Madison - Dates: 8/23/12, 9/25/12, 10/9/12, 10/23/12, 11/13, 12, 12/4/12, 1/8/13, (February and March
DIGITAL ADVERTISING 15 Local Targeted Powerful Strategic The Star-Telegram s DFW Online Network dominates! Our online network serves more unique visitors in a typical month and serves an audience that
A Guide to Getting Your News In The Washington Post Every day The Washington Post receives hundreds of news tips from community and business leaders, government workers, parents, cab drivers, students
Situation Analysis 1 Situation Analysis The situation analysis includes two primary areas: an analysis of the Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats (SWOT) of the Paso del Norte region as a retirement
Print and Out-of of-home Media Litwin Print/Broadcast Apple Tops The Charts with Digital Music Visit the Site 8-2 The Media Industry Advertising media is a huge industry with almost $195 billion in spending
Overview and Comparison of District s Current Debt Position June 2014 Broker/Dealer Services and Securities offered by BOSC, Inc., an SEC registered investment adviser, a registered broker/dealer, member
28/08/12 Direct ratecard print Effective from September 10, 2012 to December 31, 2012 Contents (click to quick view): How modular advertising works Display advertising rates The New Zealand Herald (Monday
Simple solutions in a maze of options Print Digital SEM Online Banner Mobile Consulting 2015 MEDIA KIT WHO WE ARE The SYNC2 Media team brought us ideas when we didn t know what was possible. We were able
A Resident s Guide to Recycling We understand. We re competing for attention with everything else in your life. Recycling may not be exciting but it s important and easy, and recycling right benefits the
Arizona Healthcare News Articles, Interviews and Statistics for the Healthcare Executive At Arizona Hospitals, Size Matters Large Hospitals Report Profits While Small Hospitals Struggle By David Peel Publisher
1 A Study of The Fragile Base Class Problem Leonid Mikhajlov 1 and Emil Sekerinski 2 1 Turku Centre for Computer Science, Lemminkaisenkatu 14A, Turku 20520, Finland; 2 McMaster University, 1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, L8S4K1; Abstract. In this paper we study the fragile base class problem. This problem occurs in open object-oriented systems employing code inheritance as an implementation reuse mechanism. System developers unaware of extensions to the system developed by its users may produce a seemingly acceptable revision of a base class whichmay damage its extensions. The fragile base class problem becomes apparent during maintenance of open object-oriented systems, but requires consideration during design. We express the fragile base class problem in terms of a exibility property. By means of ve orthogonal examples, violating the exibility property, we demonstrate dierent aspects of the problem. We formulate requirements for disciplining inheritance, and ext the renement calculus to accommodate for classes, objects, class-based inheritance, and class renement. We formulate and formally prove a exibility theorem demonstrating that the restrictions we impose on inheritance are suf- cient to permit safe substitution of a base class with its revision in presence of extension classes. 1 Introduction The name fragile base class problem gives a good intuitive understanding of the problem. Classes in the foundation of an object-oriented system can be fragile. The slightest attempt to modify these foundation classes may damage the whole system. The problem does not dep on the system implementation language. However, systems employing code inheritance as an implementation reuse mechanism along with self-recursion [28] are vulnerable to it. Such systems are delivered to users as a collection of classes. The users can reuse the functionality provided by the system by inheriting from system classes. Moreover, when the system is an object-oriented framework, the users can ext the system functionality by substituting its classes with derived ones. In general, system developers are unaware of extensions developed by the users. Attempting to improve functionality of the system, the developers may produce a seemingly acceptable revision of system classes which may damage the extensions. In a closed system all extensions are under control of system developers, who, in principle, can analyze the eect of
2 certain base class revisions on the entire system. Although possible in principle, in practice this becomes infeasible [29, 23]. In an open system the fragile base class problem requires consideration during design [32]. We have encountered several dierent interpretations of the problem in the technical literature on this topic. Often, during a discussion of component standards, the name is used to describe the necessity to recompile extension and client classes when base classes are changed [15]. While being apparently important, that problem is only a technical issue. Even if recompilation is not necessary, system developers can make inconsistent modications. Another interpretation is the necessity to guarantee that objects generated by an extension class can be safely substituted for objects of the corresponding base class [32]. Only in this case, the extension class can be safely substituted for the base class in all clients. However, objects of the extension class can be perfectly substitutable for objects of the base class even if the latter is fragile. At rst glance the problem might appear to be caused by inadequate system specication or user assumptions of undocumented features, but our study reveals that it is more involved. We consider an example which illustrates how concealed the problem can be. We take a more formal look on the nature of the problem. We abstract the essence of the problem into a exibility property and explain why unrestricted code inheritance violates this property. By means of ve orthogonal examples violating the exibility property, we demonstrate dierent aspects of the problem. Then we formulate requirements disciplining inheritance. We ext the renement calculus [8, 19, 20] with notions of classes, objects, class-based inheritance, and renement on classes. For the formalization of inheritance we adopt a model suggested by Cook and Palsberg in [10]. We formulate, prove, and explain a exibility theorem showing that the restrictions we impose on inheritance are sucient to permit substituting a base class with its revision in presence of extension classes. Finally, we discuss related work and draw some conclusions. 2 Fragile Base Class Problem We assume a fairly standard model of object-oriented programming employing objects, classes, and single inheritance. A class is a template that denes a set of instance variables and methods. Instantiating a class creates a new object with instance variables initialized with initial values and method bodies dened by the class. A subclass inherits instance variables and method denitions from a superclass. All methods are dynamically bound. Every method has an implicit parameter self, whichmust be referred explicitly when a method of the class calls another method of the same class. Methods of a subclass can refer to methods of a superclass through another implicit parameter super. As the problem does not dep on the implementation language, we use a simple language-indepent notation in our examples.
3 Bag = class b : bag of char init b= b := bj jc CountingBag = class inherits Bag n : int init b= n := 0; super.init add(val x : char) b= add(val x : char) b= n := n + 1;super.add(x) b := b [ bjxjc addall(val bs : bag of char) b= while bs 6= bj jc do begin var y j y 2 bs self.add(y); bs := bs,bjyjc od cardinality(res r : int) b= cardinality(res r : int) b= r := jbj r := n Bag 0 = class b:bag of char init b= b := bj jc add(val x : char) b= b := b [ bjxjc addall(val bs : bag of char) b= b := b [ bs cardinality(res r : int) b= r := jbj Fig. 1. Example of the fragile base class problem 2.1 Example of the Fragile Base Class Problem We begin with an example, presented in Fig. 1, which gives an intuitive understanding of the problem and shows how disguised the fragile base class problem can be. 1 Suppose that a class Bag is provided by some object-oriented system, for example, an extensible container framework. In an extensible framework user extensions can be called by both the user application and the framework. The class Bag has an instance variable b : bag of char, which is initialized with an empty bag. It also has methods add inserting a new element into b, addall invoking the add method to add a group of elements to the bag simultaneously, and cardinality returning the number of elements in b. Suppose now that a user of the framework decides to ext it. To do so, the user derives a class CountingBag, which introduces an instance variable n, and overrides add to increment n every time a new element is added to the bag. The user also overrides the cardinality method to return the value of n which should be equal to the number of elements in the bag. Note that the user is obliged to verify that CountingBag is substitutable for Bag to be safely used by the framework. After some time a system developer decides to improve the eciency of the class Bag and releases a new version of the system. An \improved" Bag 0 im- 1 This example is adopted from [26]
4 plements addall without invoking add. Naturally, the system developer claims that the new version of the system is fully compatible with the previous one. It denitely appears to be so if considered in separation of the extensions. However, when trying to use Bag 0 instead of Bag as the base class for CountingBag, the framework exter suddenly discovers that the resulting class returns the incorrect number of elements in the bag. Here we face the fragile base class problem. Any open system applying code inheritance and self-recursion in an ad-hoc manner is vulnerable to this problem. 2.2 Failure of the Ad-Hoc Inheritance Architecture Let us analyze the reasons for the failure in modifying a system relying on adhoc code inheritance. Assume that we have a base class C and an extension class E inheriting from it. We say that E is equivalent to(m mod C) 2, where M corresponds to the exting part of the denition of E, and the operator mod combines M with the inherited part C. We refer to M as a modier [31]. Therefore, we have that C belongs to the system, while (M mod C) represents a user extension of this system. The model of single inheritance employing the notion of modiers was proved by Cook and Palsberg in [10] to correspond to the form of inheritance used in object-oriented systems. 3 For instance, in our previous example M has the form: M = modier n : int := 0 add(x : char) b= n := n +1;super.add(x) We accept the view that a base class and a modier initialize their own instance variables. When system developers state that the new version of their system is fully compatible with the previous one, they essentially say that a revision class C 0 is a renement of C. Wesay that a class C is rened bya class C 0, if the externally observable behavior of objects generated by C 0 is the externally observable behavior of objects generated by C or an improvement of it. In other words, objects generated by C 0 must be substitutable for objects generated by C in any possible context. Ensuring substitutability of the user extension (M mod C) for the framework class C amounts to verifying that C is rened by(m mod C). Thus, all participating parties, i.e. the system developers and its exters, rely on a exibility property : if C is rened byc 0 and C is rened by(m mod C) then C is rened by(m mod C 0 ) 2 We read mod as modies. 3 In their paper modiers are referred to as wrappers. We prefer the term modier, because the term wrapper is usually used in the context of object aggregation.
5 Unfortunately, the exibility property does not hold in general, as demonstrated by our example. In our opinion, this fact constitutes the essence of the fragile base class problem. This consideration brings us to the question, what are the shortcomings of inheritance and what are the restrictions we need to make in order to evade the problem. 3 Aspects of the Problem Now let us consider ve examples invalidating the exibility property and illuminating the shortcomings of inheritance. 4 Note that if we regard the denition of a base class as the specication of its functionality, we cannot blame modier developers for relying on undocumented features and, therefore, inducing the problem. The examples are orthogonal to each other, meaning that all of them illustrate dierent aspects of the problem. Let us rst briey introduce the used terminology. A call of a method through the implicit parameter self is referred to as a self-call. Analogously, we refer to an invocation of a method through the implicit parameter super as a super-call. When an extension class invokes a base class method, we say that an up-call has occurred; when a base class invokes a method of a class derived from it, we refer to such an invocation as a down-call. 3.1 Unanticipated Mutual Recursion Suppose that C describes a class with a state x, initially equal to 0, and two methods m and n, both incrementing x by 1. A modier M overrides n so that it calls m. Now, if a revision C 0 reimplements m by calling the method n, which has an implementation exactly as it was before, we run into a problem. C = class M = modier C 0 = class x : int := 0 x : int := 0 m b= x := x +1 m b= self.n n b= x := x +1 n b= self.m n b= x := x +1 When the modier M is applied to C 0, the methods m and n of the resulting class (M mod C 0 ) become mutually recursive. Apparently, a call to either one leads to a never terminating loop. This example demonstrates that the problem might occur due to unexpected appearance of mutual recursion of methods in the resulting class. 4 As we tried to keep these examples as concise as possible, they might appear slightly articial.
6 3.2 Unjustied Assumptions in Revision Class To illustrate the next shortcoming of inheritance, it is sucient to provide only the specication of a base class. The base class C calculates the square and the fourth roots of a given real number. Its specication is given in terms of pre and post conditions which state that, given a non-negative real number x, the method will nd such r that its power of two and four respectively equals x. A modier M overrides the method m so that it would return a negative value. 5 Such an implementation of m is a renement of the original specication, because it reduces nondeterminism. C = class M = modier m(val x : real; res r : real) b= m(val x : real; res r : real) b= pre x 0 post r 2 r :=, p x = x n(val x : real; res r : real) b= pre x 0 post r 4 = x A revision C 0 of the base class implements the specication of the square root by returning a positive square root of x. The implementation of the fourth root relies on this fact and merely calls m from itself twice, without checking that the result of the rst application is positive. Note that C 0 is a renement of C. C 0 = class m(val x : real; res r : real) b= r := p x n(val x : real; res r : real) b= self.m(x; r); self.m(r; r) Suppose now that we have an instance of a class (M mod C 0 ). The call to n will lead to a failure, because the second application of the square root will get a negative value as a parameter. This example demonstrates that the problem might occur due to an assumption in the revision class that, while a self-call, the body of a method, as dened in the revision class itself, is guaranteed to be executed. However, due to inheritance and dynamic binding this assumption is not justied. 3.3 Unjustied Assumptions in Modier Participants of this example are rather meaningless; however, from the more formal point of view, they are composed from legal constructs, and therefore, 5 By convention p x returns a positive square root of x.
7 should satisfy our exibility property. We use an assertion statement fpg, where p is a state predicate. If p is true in a current state, the assertion skips, otherwise it aborts. Thus, the assertion statement can be seen as an abbreviation for the corresponding conditional. C = class M = modier l(val v : int) b= fv 5g l(val v : int) b= skip m(val v : int) b= self:l(v) n(val v : int) b= skip n(val v : int) b= self:m(v) C 0 = class l(val v : int) b= fv 5g m(val v : int) b= fv 5g n(val v : int) b= skip Let us compute full denitions of the classes (M mod C) and (M mod C 0 ). (M mod C) = class (M mod C 0 ) = class l(val v : int) b= skip l(val v : int) b= skip m(val v : int) b= self:l(v) n(val v : int) b= self:l(v) m(val v : int) b= fv 5g n(val v : int) b= fv 5g It is easy to see that while C is rened by (M mod C), the class C is not rened by (M mod C 0 ). Due to the presence of assertion fv 5g in the method n of (M mod C 0 ), its precondition is stronger than the one of the method n of C, while to preserve renement its precondition could have only been weakened. Therefore, the problem might occur due to an assumption made in a modier that in a particular layout base class self-calls are guaranteed to get redirected to the modier itself. However such an assumption is unjustied, because the revision class can modify the self-calling structure. 3.4 Direct Access to the Base Class State Developers of a revision C 0 maywant to improve the eciency of C by modifying its data representation. The following example demonstrates that, in general, C 0 cannot change the data representation of C in presence of inheritance. A base class C represents its state by an instance variable x. It declares two methods m and n increasing x by 1 and 2 respectively. A modier M provides a harmless (as it appears by looking at C) override of the method n, which does exactly what the corresponding method of C does, i.e. increases n by 2. C = class M = modier x : int := 0 m b= x := x +1 n b= x := x +2 n b= x := x +2
8 A revision C 0 introduces an extra instance variable y, initialized to 0. Methods m and n increase x and y by 1 and by 2, but indirectly via y. Therefore, the methods of C 0 implicitly maintain an invariant, x = y. C 0 = class x : int := 0; y : int := 0 m b= y := y +1;x := y n b= y := y +2;x := y Now, if we consider an object obj to be an instance of class (M mod C 0 ), obtained by substituting C 0 for C, and the sequence of method calls obj.n;obj.m, we face the problem. By looking at C, we could assume that the sequence of method calls makes x equal to 3, whereas, in fact, x is assigned only 1. An analogous problem was described by Alan Snyder in [23]. He notices that \Because the instance variables are accessible to clients of the class, they are (implicitly) part of the contract between the designer of the class and the designers of descant classes. Thus, the freedom of the designer to change the implementation of a class is reduced". In our example, since M is allowed to modify the instance variables inherited from C directly, it becomes impossible to change the data representation in C Unjustied Assumption of Binding Invariant in Modier A class C has an instance variable x. A modier M introduces a new instance variable y and binds its value to the value of x of the base class the modier is supposed to be applied to. An override of the method n veries this fact by rst making a super-call to the method l and then asserting that the returned value is equal to y. C = class M = modier x : int := 0 y : int := 0 l(res r : int) b= r := x m b= x := x +1;self:n n b= skip n b= m b= y := y +1;super:m begin var r super:l(r); fr = yg It is easy to see that before and after execution of any method of (M mod C) the predicate x = y holds. We can say that (M mod C) maintains the invariant x = y. The full denition of the method m in an instance of the class (M mod C) eectively has the form y := y +1;x := x +1;fx = yg, where the assertion statement skips, since the preceding statements establish the invariant.
9 Now, if a revision C 0 reimplements m by rst self-calling n and then incrementing x as illustrated below, we run into a problem. C 0 = class x : int := 0 l(res r : int) b= r := x m b= self:n; x := x +1 n b= skip The body of the method m in an instance of the class (M mod C 0 ) is eectively of the form y := y +1;fx = yg; x := x +1, and, naturally, it aborts. When creating a modier, its developer usually ints it for a particular base class. A common practice is an introduction of new variables in the modier and binding their values with the values of the inted base class instance variables. Such a binding can be achieved even without explicitly referring to the base class variables. Thus the resulting extension class maintains an invariant binding values of inherited instance variables with the new instance variables. Such an invariant can be violated when the base class is substituted with its revision. If methods of the modier rely on such an invariant, a crash might occur. 3.6 Discussion The presented examples demonstrate dierent aspects of the fragile base class problem. However, this list of aspects is by no means complete. We have chosen these aspects, because in our opinion they constitute the core of the problem. Also among these basic aspects of the problem there are some which were apparently overlooked by other researchers, as we discuss in our conclusions. Further on in this paper we conne the fragile base class problem in a number of ways. First, we consider a class to be a closed entity. This means that method parameters and instance variables that are objects of some other classes are textually substituted with denitions of the corresponding classes. Therefore, without loss of generality we consider method parameters and instance variables to be of simple types. Second, we consider the case when a base class revision and extension have as many methods as the corresponding base class. Third, for the time being we consider only functional modiers, i.e. modiers that do not have instance variables of their own. Modeling modiers with state adds considerable complexity and constitutes a topic of current separate research. We also assume that a base class does not have recursive and mutually recursive methods. As we have stated above, our language provides only for single inheritance. The rst four shortcomings of inheritance illustrated above lead to the formulation of the four requirements disciplining it: 1. \No cycles" requirement: A base class revision and a modier should not jointly introduce new cyclic method depencies.
10 2. \No revision self-calling assumptions" requirement: Revision class methods should not make any additional assumptions about the behavior of the other methods of itself. Only the behavior described in the base class may be taken into consideration. 3. \No base class down-calling assumptions" requirement: Modier methods should disregard the fact that base class self-calls can get redirected to the modier itself. In this case bodies of the corresponding methods in the base class should be considered instead, as if there were no dynamic binding. 4. \No direct access to the base class state" requirement: An extension class should not access the state of its base class directly, but only through calling base class methods. We claim that if disciplining inheritance according to these four requirements, we can formulate and prove a exibility theorem which permits substituting a base class with its revision in presence of extension classes. In the next section we consider a formal basis necessary for formulating this theorem. 4 Formal Basis 4.1 Renement Calculus Basics This section is based on the work by Back and von Wright as presented in [3, 6{8]. The behavior of a program statement can be characterized by Dijkstra's weakest precondition predicate transformer [11]. For a statement S and a predicate p, the weakest precondition wp(s; p) is such that the statement S terminates in a state satisfying the postcondition p. Since the relation between pre- and postconditions is all we are interested in for a statement, we can identify the statement with a function mapping postconditions to preconditions. The predicates over a state space (type) are the functions from to Bool, denoted P. The relations from to, are functions from to a predicate (set of values) over,, denoted by $,. The predicate transformers from to, are the functions mapping predicates over, to predicates over, denoted 7!, (note the reversion of the direction): P b=! Bool $, 7!, b=!p, b= P,!P The entailment ordering p q on predicates p; q : P is dened by universal implication: p q b= (8 : p ) q) The predicates true and false over map every : to the boolean values T and F, respectively. Conjunction p ^ q, disjunction p _ q, and negation :p are all dened by pointwise extension of the corresponding operations on Bool. The cartesian product of state spaces 1 and 2 is written 1 2. For relations P 1 : 1 $, 1 and P 2 : 2 $, 2, their product P 1 P 2, is a relation of
11 type ( 1 2 ) $ (, 1, 2 ), where for 1 : 1, 2 : 2, 1 :, 1 and 2 :, 2,we have: (P 1 P 2 )( 1 ; 2 )( 1 ; 2 ) b= (P ) ^ (P ) The relational product operator is right associative. The identity relation, Id : $, is dened for 1 ; 2 : as follows: Id 1 2 b= 1 = 2 A predicate transformer S : 7!, is said to be monotonic if for all predicates p and q, p q implies Sp Sq. Statements from to, are identied with monotonic predicate transformers from to,. Statements of this kind may be concrete, i.e. executable, or abstract, i.e. specications, and may have dierent initial and nal state spaces. The sequential composition of statements S : 7!, and T :, 7! is modeled by their functional composition. Let q be a predicate over, then (S; T ) q b= S (T q): Meet of (similarly-typed) predicate transformers is dened pointwise: (S u T ) q b= (S q ^ T q) Meet of statements models nondeterministic choice between executing statements S and T. It is required that both alternatives establish the postcondition. For predicate transformers S 1 : 1 7!, 1 and S 2 : 2 7!, 2, their product S 1 S 2 is a predicate transformer of type 1 2 7!, 1, 2 whose execution has the same eect as simultaneous execution of S 1 and S 2 : (S 1 S 2 ) q b= ([ q 1 ;q 2 j q 1 q 2 q S 1 q 1 S 2 q 2 ) The abort statement does not guarantee any outcome or termination, therefore, it maps every postcondition to false. The magic statement is miraculous, since it is always guaranteed to establish any postcondition. The skip statement leaves the state unchanged. For any predicate q : P abort q b= false magic q b= true skip q b= q: For a predicate p : P,, the assertion fpg it behaves as abort if p does not hold, and as skip otherwise. The guard statement [p] behaves as skip if p holds, otherwise it behaves as magic. Let q be a predicate over,, then: fpg q [p] q b= p ^ q b= p ) q Given a relation P : $,, the angelic update statement fpg : 7!, and the demonic update statement [P ]: 7!, are dened by: fpg q b= (9 :, (P ) ^ (q )) [P ] q b= (8 :, (P ) ) (q ))
12 When started in a state, both fpg and [P ]choose a new state such that P holds. If no such state exists, then fpg aborts, whereas [P ] can establish any postcondition. A statement S is said to be conjunctive if S (^i 2 I p i ) = (^i 2 I S p i ); where I 6=. An arbitrary conjunctive statement can be represented by a sequential composition fqg;[q] for some predicate q and relation Q. Assignment can be modeled as an update statement. If the state space is partitioned by variables x : T and y : U, i.e. = T U, then x := e b= [R]; where R (x; y) (x 0 ;y 0 )=(x 0 = e ^ y 0 = y): A specication statement with a precondition over the initial state space and a postcondition relating initial and nal state spaces is dened by a sequential composition of assertion and demonic update: pre p post q b= fpg;[r]; where q (x; y) =8(x 0 ;y 0 ) R (x; y) (x 0 ;y 0 ) For statements S and T of the same type and a predicate p, the conditional is dened by: if p then S else T b= ([p]; S) u ([:p]; S) The renement ordering S v T, read S is rened by T, on statements S; T : 7!, is dened as a universal entailment: S v T b= (8q : P, S q T q) For example, a specication statement is rened if its precondition is weakened and the postcondition is strengthened: pre p post q v pre p 0 post q 0 if p p 0 and q 0 q Other rules for renement of specications into programs and transforming programs are given in [3, 19, 12]. An iteration statement is dened by the least xed point of a function F with respect to the renement ordering: while p do S od b= F; where F X = if p then S; X else skip According to the theorem of Knaster-Tarski [30], a monotonic function has a unique least xed point in a complete lattice. Statements form a complete lattice with the renement ordering v, and the statement if p(x) then S; X else skip
13 is monotonic with respect to v in X, therefore, F exists and is unique. Intuitively, dening iteration in this way implies that a non-terminating loop behaves as abort. A block construct allows temporary adding a new local state component to the present global state. An entry statement enter adds a new state component to the present state and initializes it in accordance with a given predicate p. An exit statement exit removes the added state component. enter z j p b= [P ]; where P (x; y) (z 0 ;x 0 ;y 0 )=(x 0 = x ^ y 0 = y ^ p (z 0 ;x 0 ;y 0 )) exit z b= [Q]; where Q (z; x; y) (x 0 ;y 0 )=(x 0 = x ^ y 0 = y) Accordingly, the block construct is dened as follows: begin var z j p S b= enter z j p; S; exit z In general, dierent state spaces can be coerced using wrapping and unwrapping operators. Statements S and S 0 operating on state spaces and 0 respectively can be combined using a relation R : 0 $ which, when lifted to predicate transformers, gives the update statements frg : 0 7! and [R,1 ]: 7! 0. We use these statements to dene wrapping and unwrapping operators as follows: unwrapping : S #R b= frg; S;[R,1 ] wrapping : S 0 "R b= [R,1 ]; S 0 ; frg Thus, after wrapping we have that S #R and S 0 "R operate on the state spaces 0 and respectively. Sometimes it is necessary to wrap a statement operating on an exted state into a relation R. In this case we consider the relation R to be automatically exted into Id R or R Id. For example, to wrap a statement S :, 7!,, the relation R : 0 $ is exted to R Id. The wrapping and unwrapping operators are left associative and have the lower precedence than the relational product. Further on, we make use of the following wrapping rule : For tuples of statements we have: S "R#R v S (S 1 ; :::; S n )"R b= (S 1 "R; :::; S n "R) (S 1 ; :::; S n )#R b= (S 1 #R; :::; S n #R) 4.2 Formalization of Classes and Modiers We model classes as self referential structures as proposed by Cook and Palsberg in [10]. This model applies to most mainstream object-oriented languages like C++, Java and Smalltalk. However, in our formalization classes have internal state, unlike in their model.
14 For simplicity, we model method parameters by global variables that both methods of a class and its clients can access. We precede a formal method parameter with a keyword val to indicate that the method only reads the value of this parameter without changing it. Similarly, we precede the formal parameter with res to indicate that the method returns a value in this parameter. In practice a call of a method m j by a method m i of the same class has the form self:m j. Due to inheritance and dynamic binding such acall can get redirected to a denition of m j in an extension class. We model the method m i as a function of an argument self:m j. In general, a method of a class may invoke all the other methods of the same class. Thus if there are n methods in the class we have m i = (x 1 ; :::; x n ):c i ; where c i is a statement representing the body of the method m i and x j stands for self:m j. Accordingly, we dene a class C by C = (c 0 ;cm); where cm = self (c 1 ; :::; c n ); and where c 0 : is an initial value of the internal class state and self is an abbreviation for the tuple x 1 ; :::; x n.we assume that cm is monotonic in the self parameter. For our purposes it suces to model the state space of all parameters of all methods as an extra component of the class state space. Thus cm has the type (( 7! ) ::: ( 7! ))! (( 7! ) ::: ( 7! )): We declare the class C, dened in this way, as follows: C = class c := c 0 ; m 1 b= c 1 ; :::; m n b= c n A class can be depicted as in Fig. 2. The incoming arrow represents calls to the class C, the outgoing arrow stands for self-calls of C. In our model classes are used as a templates for creating objects. Objects have all of the self-calls resolved with the methods of the same object. Modeling this formally amounts to taking the least xed point of the function cm. For tuples of statements (c 1 ; ::; c n ) and (c 0 1 ; :::; c0 n ), where c i and c 0 i are of the same type, the renement ordering is dened elementwise: (c 1 ; :::; c n ) v (c 0 1; :::; c 0 n) b= c 1 v c 0 1 ^ ::: ^ c n v c 0 n C self Fig. 2. Illustration of a class
15 Statement tuples form a complete lattice with the above renement ordering. Also cm is monotonic in its argument. These two conditions are sucient to guarantee that the least xed point of the function cm exists and is unique. We dene the operation of taking the least xed point of a class by taking initial values of its instance variables and taking the least xed point of its methods cm: C b= (c 0 ; cm) Fig. 3 illustrates taking the xed point of the class C. C self Fig. 3. Illustration of taking a xed point of C If we model objects as tuples of instance variable values and method bodies, then taking the least xed point of the class C corresponds to creating an object of this class: create C b= C It suces to consider only those modiers which redene all methods of the base class. In case some method should remain unchanged, the corresponding method of the modier calls the former via super. A modier L = modier m 1 b= l 1 ; :::; m n b= l n is modeled by a function L = self super (l 1 ; :::; l n ); where self and super are abbreviations of the tuples x 1 ; :::; x n and y 1 ; :::; y n respectively. We assume that L is monotonic in both arguments. See Fig. 4 for an illustration of modiers. As with the class diagram, the incoming arrow represents calls to methods of the modier, whereas the outgoing arrows stand for self and super-calls of the modier. L super self Fig. 4. Illustration of modiers
16 Under the condition that the signatures of modier methods match those of the base class, the modier can be applied to an arbitrary base class. The modier does not access the state of the base class directly, but only by making super-calls. As the state space of the base class is unknown until modier application, we say that the methods of the modier L operate on the state space, where is a type variable to be instantiated with the type of the internal state of the base class while modier application, and is a type of the state component representing all parameters of all methods of the modier. Hence, the type of L is as follows: (( 7! ) ::: ( 7! ))! (( 7! ) ::: ( 7! ))! (( 7! ) ::: ( 7! )) Two operators mod and upcalls can be used for creating an extension class from the base class C and the modier L: L mod C L upcalls C b= (c 0 ; self lm self (cm self)) b= (c 0 ; self lm self ( cm)) In both cases the modier L is said to be applied to the base class C. See Fig. 5 for an illustration of modier application. Note that in case of the mod operator self-calls of C become down-calls; whereas, with the upcalls operator self-calls of C remain within C itself. C C self self super super L self L self Fig. 5. Illustration of operators mod and upcalls Application of the modier L instantiates its type variable with the type of the base class C. Hence, the classes created by the application of L to C have methods operating on the state space. 4.3 Renement on Classes Before dening renement of classes, we rst consider data renement of statements. Let S : 7! and S 0 : 0 7! 0 be statements and R : 0 $ a rela-
17 tion between the state spaces of these statements. We dene data renement between S and S 0 as in [8]: S v R S 0 b= S v S 0 "R or, equivalently, S v R S 0 b= S #R v S 0 We can express class renement in terms of renement on abstract data types [14, 4, 12]. An abstract data type T can be represented in the form where t 0 T =(t 0 ;tp); is an initial value of an internal state of type, and tp is a tuple of procedures modifying this internal state. The procedures are of type ( ) 7! ( ), where is the state space component representing all parameters of all procedures. We say that the abstract data type T =(t 0 ;tp)is data rened by an abstract data type T 0 =(t 0 0 ;tp0 ) via a relation R : 0 $ if initialization establishes R and all procedures preserve R: T v R T 0 b= Rt 0 0 t 0 ^ tp v RId tp 0 By convention, when R is equal to Id, the subscript on the renement relation is omitted. Now class renement can be dened as follows. Let C be as dened in the previous section and C 0 =(c 0 0 ;cm0 ), where cm 0 self =(c 0 1 ; :::; c0 n ), and R : 0 $, then C v R C 0 b= Cv R C 0 : Class renement ensures that all objects of the rening class are safely substitutable for objects of the rened class. This notion of class renement allows the instance variables of C 0 ext those of C or to be completely dierent. The renement relation can be also applied to a pair of abstract or concrete classes. 5 Flexibility Theorem Recall that the exibility property has the form if C is rened by(l mod C) and C is rened byd then C is rened by(l mod D); where C is a base class, L a modier and D a revision of the class C. Aswas illustrated in the previous sections, this property does not hold in general. In the following sections we formulate, prove, and explain a exibility theorem, which provides for safe substitutability of C with (L mod D) by strengthening the premises of the exibility property, following the requirements formulated in Sec. 3.6.
18 5.1 Formulating and Proving Flexibility Theorem Consider classes C, D and a modier L, such that C = (c 0 ;cm) with cm = self (c 1 ; :::; c n ), D = (d 0 ;dm) with dm = self (d 1 ; :::; d n ), and L = self super (l 1 ; :::; l n ). As we have assumed that the classes and the modier do not have recursive and mutually recursive methods, it is always possible to rearrange their methods in linear order so that each method calls only previous ones. We assign an index to every method with respect to this order. We assume that the corresponding methods in C, D and L receive the same index. Without loss of generality, we can consider the case when for every distinct index there is only one method. We represent methods by functions of the called methods: C 1 = () c 1 ; D 1 = () d 1 ; ::: C n = (x 1 ; :::; x n,1 ) c n ::: D n = (x 1 ; :::; x n,1 ) d n L 1 = () (y 1 ) l 1 ; ::: L n = (x 1 ; :::; x n,1 ) (y 1 ; :::; y n ) l n There are no free occurrences of self and super in C i, D i and L i. Thus, for example, for the class C we have that: cm = self (C 1 ();C 2 (x 1 ); :::; C n (x 1 ; :::; x n,1 )) Let R : 0 $ be a relation coercing the state space component 0 of the revision D to the component of the base class C. Nowwe can formulate the exibility theorem: Flexibility Theorem Let C, D be the classes, L the modier, and R the state coercing relation as dened above. Then the following holds: Cv R (d 0 ; dm (( cm)#(r Id))) ^ Cv (L upcalls C) ) Cv R (L mod D) Proof In accordance with the denition of abstract data type renement, we rst need to show that Rd 0 c 0 ) Rd 0 c 0, which is trivially true. Next we need to show the following goal: snd( C) v RId dm (( cm)#(r Id)) ^ snd( C) v snd( (L upcalls C)) ) snd( C) v RId snd( (L mod D)) Note that in this goal data renement relations connect tuples of predicate transformers, which correspond to the method bodies with all self and super-calls resolved with the methods of the same class. Thus, we can rewrite this goal as (C 1 ;:::;C n ) v RId (D 1 ;:::;D n ) ^ (C 1 ;:::;C n ) v (L 1 ;:::;L n ) ) (C 1 ;:::;C n ) v RId (M 1 ;:::;M n ); where C, D, L, and M are dened as follows: C 1 = C 1 (); ::: C n = C n (C 1 ; :::; C n,1 ) D 1 = D 1 ()#(R Id); ::: D n = D n (C 1 ; :::; C n,1 )#(R Id) L 1 = L 1 () C 1 ; ::: L n = L n (L 1 ; :::; L n,1 )(C 1 ; :::; C n ) M 1 = L 1 () T 1 ; ::: M n = L n (M 1 ; :::; M n,1 )(T 1 ; :::; T n ) T 1 = D 1 (); ::: T n = D n (M 1 ; :::; M n,1 )
19 Here C are the method bodies of the methods C 1 ; :::; C n with all self-calls recursively resolved with C. The statements D represent dm (( cm)#(r Id)), where each D i is a method body of the method D i with all self-calls resolved with properly coerced C. The statements L represent the least xed point of (L upcalls C) methods. Note how M and T jointly represent the least xed point of (L mod D) methods. The statements M stands for the methods of the modier L with calls to self resolved with M themselves and calls to super resolved with T. On the other hand, the statements T represent methods of the revision D with calls to self resolved with M. Rather than proving the goal above, we prove the stronger goal (C 1 ;:::;C n ) v RId (D 1 ;:::;D n ) ^ (C 1 ;:::;C n ) v (L 1 ;:::;L n ) ) (L 1 ;:::;L n ) v RId (M 1 ;:::;M n ) ^ (D 1 ;:::;D n ) v (T 1 ;:::;T n ) from which the target goal follows by transitivity. For proving this stronger goal we need the wrapping theorem L i (M 1 ;:::;M i,1 )"(R Id) (D 1 ;:::;D i )"(R Id) v (L i (M 1 ;:::;M i,1 )(D 1 ;:::;D i ))"(R Id) proved in Appix. We prove the goal by induction on the index of methods. Here we only present the inductive step of the proof, because the base step can be proved similarly. The inductive assumption for the inductive case states that when the participating entities have n methods, the goal holds. After transformations, our proof obligation for the case of n + 1 methods is: (C 1 ;:::;C n+1 ) v RId (D 1 ;:::;D n+1 ) ^ (C 1 ;:::;C n+1 ) v (L 1 ;:::;L n+1 ) ^ (L 1 ;:::;L n ) v RId (M 1 ;:::;M n ) ^ (D 1 ;:::;D n ) v (T 1 ;:::;T n ) ) L n+1 v RId M n+1 ^ D n+1 vt n+1 We prove this goal as follows: L n+1 v RId M n+1 ^ D n+1 vt n+1 = denitions, denition of data renement L n+1 (L 1 ;:::;L n )(C 1 ;:::;C n+1 ) v (L n+1 (M 1 ;:::;M n )(T 1 ;:::;T n+1 ))"(R Id) ^ D n+1 vt n+1 ( monotonicity of Ln+1 ; assumption (L 1 ;:::;L n ) v (M 1 ;:::;M n )"(R Id); assumption (C 1 ;:::;C n+1 ) v (D 1 ;:::;D n+1 )"(R Id); wrapping theorem L n+1 (M 1 ;:::;M n )"(R Id) (D 1 ;:::;D n+1 )"(R Id) v L n+1 (M 1 ;:::;M n )"(R Id) (T 1 ;:::;T n+1 )"(R Id) ^ D n+1 vt n+1 ( monotonicity of L n+1 (D 1 ;:::;D n+1 )"(R Id) v (T 1 ;:::;T n+1 )"(R Id) ^ D n+1 vt n+1
20 ( monotonicity of wrappers, assumption (D 1 ;:::;D n ) v (T 1 ;:::;T n ) D n+1 vt n+1 = denitions D n+1 (C 1 ;:::;C n )#(R Id) v D n+1 (M 1 ;:::;M n ) monotonicity of Dn+1 ; assumption (C ( 1 ;:::;C n+1 ) v (L 1 ;:::;L n+1 ) then assumption (L 1 ;:::;L n ) v (M 1 ;:::;M n )"(R Id) D n+1 (M 1 ;:::;M n+1 )"(R Id)#(R Id) v D n+1 (M 1 ;:::;M n ) ( wrapping rule = T 2 D n+1 (M 1 ;:::;M n ) v D n+1 (M 1 ;:::;M n ) 5.2 Interpretation and Implications of Flexibility Theorem Let us consider how the requirements of Sec. 3.6 are reected in the exibility theorem and what are the consequences of this theorem. In our formalization the \no cycles" requirement is handled by the fact that we have rearranged methods in the participating classes and the modier in linear order, and assigned the same index to the corresponding methods. Thus mutual recursion of methods cannot appear. In practice the unanticipated mutual recursion can be avoided if methods of a revision class and a modier do not introduce self-calls to the methods which are not self-called in the corresponding methods of the base class. The \no revision self-calling assumptions" requirement states that, while reasoning about the behavior of a revision class method, we should not assume the behavior of the methods it self-calls, but should consider instead the behavior described by the base class. This requirement together with the rst assumption of the exibility property is formalized as the rst conjunct in the antecedent of the exibility theorem, Cv R (d 0 ; dm (( cm)#(r Id))).Aswehave explained above, the application of dm to the properly coerced ( cm) returns a tuple of methods of D with all self-calls redirected to methods of C. The \no base class down-calling assumptions" requirement states that, while reasoning about the behavior of modier methods, we should not assume the behavior of those modier methods to which self-calls of the base class can get redirected. Instead we should consider the corresponding methods of the base class. This requirement along with the second assumption of the exibility property is handled by the second conjunct in the antecedent of the exibility theorem, Cv (L upcalls C). As we have explained earlier, if a modier is applied to the base class using the upcalls operator, self-calls of the base class remain within the base class itself. The \no direct access to the base class state" requirement is addressed by our formalization of modiers. As we have stated above, methods of a modier
Chapter 1: Key Concepts of Programming and Software Engineering Software Engineering Coding without a solution design increases debugging time - known fact! A team of programmers for a large software development
Design by Contract beyond class modelling Introduction Design by Contract (DbC) or Programming by Contract is an approach to designing software. It says that designers should define precise and verifiable
Data Abstraction and Hierarchy * This research was supported by the NEC Professorship of Software Science and Engineering. Barbara Liskov Affiliation: MIT Laboratory for Computer Science Cambridge, MA,
A simple algorithm with no simple verication Laszlo Csirmaz Central European University Abstract The correctness of a simple sorting algorithm is resented, which algorithm is \evidently wrong" at the rst
Appendix E Glossary of Object Oriented Terms abstract class: A class primarily intended to define an instance, but can not be instantiated without additional methods. abstract data type: An abstraction
Quotes from Object-Oriented Software Construction Bertrand Meyer Prentice-Hall, 1988 Preface, p. xiv We study the object-oriented approach as a set of principles, methods and tools which can be instrumental
CHAPTER 7 GENERAL PROOF SYSTEMS 1 Introduction Proof systems are built to prove statements. They can be thought as an inference machine with special statements, called provable statements, or sometimes
Chapter II. Controlling Cars on a Bridge 1 Introduction The intent of this chapter is to introduce a complete example of a small system development. During this development, you will be made aware of the
2. Methods of Proof Types of Proofs. Suppose we wish to prove an implication p q. Here are some strategies we have available to try.
2. METHODS OF PROOF 69 2. Methods of Proof 2.1. Types of Proofs. Suppose we wish to prove an implication p q. Here are some strategies we have available to try. Trivial Proof: If we know q is true then
SYSTEMS AND SOFTWARE REQUIREMENTS SPECIFICATION (SSRS) TEMPLATE Version A.4, January 2014 FOREWORD This document was written to provide software development projects with a template for generating a System
4 Domain Relational Calculus We now present two relational calculi that we will compare to RA. First, what is the difference between an algebra and a calculus? The usual story is that the algebra RA is
UML 2.0 in a Nutshell Appendix B. The Object Constraint Pub Date: June 2005 Language The Object Constraint Language 2.0 (OCL) is an addition to the UML 2.0 specification that provides you with a way to
Fundamental Computer Science Concepts Sequence TCSU CSCI SEQ A A. Description Introduction to the discipline of computer science; covers the material traditionally found in courses that introduce problem
Topology-based network security Tiit Pikma Supervised by Vitaly Skachek Research Seminar in Cryptography University of Tartu, Spring 2013 1 Introduction In both wired and wireless networks, there is the
A Reverse Inheritance Relationship for Improving Reusability and Evolution: The Point of View of Feature Factorization
MAT-71506 Program Verication: Exercises Antero Kangas Tampere University of Technology Department of Mathematics September 11, 2014 Accomplishment Exercises are obligatory and probably the grades will
Chapter 4 Multi-Stage Interconnection Networks The general concept of the multi-stage interconnection network, together with its routing properties, have been used in the preceding chapter to describe
Discrete Mathematics: Lecture 4 Introduction to Logic Instructor: Arijit Bishnu Date: July 27, 2009 1 Proposition, Logical connectives and compound statements Logic is the discipline that deals with the
Introduction to Java A First Look Java is a second or third generation object language Integrates many of best features Smalltalk C++ Like Smalltalk Everything is an object Interpreted or just in time
Lecture Notes on Linear Search 15-122: Principles of Imperative Computation Frank Pfenning Lecture 5 January 29, 2013 1 Introduction One of the fundamental and recurring problems in computer science is
Chapter 2 Set Theory 2.1 Sets The most basic object in Mathematics is called a set. As rudimentary as it is, the exact, formal definition of a set is highly complex. For our purposes, we will simply define
The Classes P and NP We now shift gears slightly and restrict our attention to the examination of two families of problems which are very important to computer scientists. These families constitute the
Overview Elements of Programming Languages Lecture 12: Object-oriented functional programming James Cheney University of Edinburgh November 6, 2015 We ve now covered: basics of functional and imperative
In the latter case, a mapping from the object model to the relational model is required. The ER model is the best choice to represent the relational m
Is Sometime Ever Better Than Alway? DAVID GRIES Cornell University The "intermittent assertion" method for proving programs correct is explained and compared with the conventional method. Simple conventional
WHAT ARE MATHEMATICAL PROOFS AND WHY THEY ARE IMPORTANT? introduction Many students seem to have trouble with the notion of a mathematical proof. People that come to a course like Math 216, who certainly
U.C. Berkeley CS276: Cryptography Handout 0.1 Luca Trevisan January, 2009 Notes on Algebra These notes contain as little theory as possible, and most results are stated without proof. Any introductory
Appears in Proceedings of the 9th European Symposium on Programming, ESOP 2000, Berlin, Germany, March 2000, Springer-Verlag LNCS 1782. Type Classes with Functional Dependencies Mark P. Jones Department
Chapter 1 LOGIC AND PROOF To be able to understand mathematics and mathematical arguments, it is necessary to have a solid understanding of logic and the way in which known facts can be combined to prove
The Phases of an Object-Oriented Application Reprinted from the Feb 1992 issue of The Smalltalk Report Vol. 1, No. 5 By: Rebecca J. Wirfs-Brock There is never enough time to get it absolutely, perfectly
1 Example of Time Series Analysis by SSA 1 Let us illustrate the 'Caterpillar'-SSA technique [1] by the example of time series analysis. Consider the time series FORT (monthly volumes of fortied wine sales
Software Engineering Techniques Low level design issues for programming-in-the-large. Software Quality Design by contract Pre- and post conditions Class invariants Ten do Ten do nots Another type of summary
key infrastructure-like applications. The central dierences between PolicyMaker and KeyNote are: { KeyNote predicates are written in a simple notation
Java (12 Weeks) Topic Lecture No. Introduction to Java Programming Language 1 An Introduction to Java o Java as a Programming Platform, The Java "White Paper" Buzzwords, Java and the Internet, A Short
Topic 1: Matrices and Systems of Linear Equations Let us start with a review of some linear algebra concepts we have already learned, such as matrices, determinants, etc Also, we shall review the method
4 Using the tutorial Using the tutorial NOTE: Refer to the document Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Getting started for instructions on how to connect and configure the MCU before reading this tutorial. The tutorial is designed to be followed in the order in which the steps are provided. The online help complements this guide by providing detailed descriptions of each field. To display the help files at any time, click this icon in the top right hand corner of the screen. In this tutorial the instruction Go to Conferences > Move participants means click the Conferences link on the menu bar and then click the Move participants tab Throughout this guide there are helpful tips in green that explain things in more detail, or provide useful advice on the features and functions of the device, for example: To see all commands available from the terminal interface type help and press Enter. Note: Screenshots are representative and sensitive data has been blurred. This practice does not alter the meaning or purpose of the screenshots. Assumptions It is assumed that you have used video conferencing equipment before and understand industry standard terms. Ideally, you should have at least two endpoints in two adjoining rooms so you can see the effect of some options for conferences. Some features will require additional endpoints; however, even if you cannot demonstrate the features for yourself, you can still follow the steps. MCU software version This tutorial was prepared using an MCU 5300 Series device running software version 4.3. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 4 of 47
5 Logging in to the web interface Logging in to the web interface Once you have connected and performed the initial configuration of the MCU you can log in and control it via the web interface. The web interface is used to administer the MCU device and manage conferences, users, and associated devices. 1. Using a web browser, type in the host name or IP address that you assigned to the MCU during initial configuration as the URL. 2. Click Log in. When the MCU is delivered there are two default users: admin and guest. (Later in the tutorial you will add a third user.) To configure the unit, you must log in as admin. 3. Type in the username admin with no password and click OK. You are advised to set up a password for the admin account [p.46] to restrict who is able to perform box-wide configuration changes such as changing the MCU s IP address. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 5 of 47
6 Logging in to the web interface The web interface screens have a number of features in common: Menu bar with a number of options that open setup, configuration or status screens Screens with one or more tabs. Each tab is a separate page Pages with one or more sections. Section headings are in blue with white text. Some pages have several sections and you will need to scroll down to see all the sections Links and buttons. Some buttons appear more than once on a page so that you do not need to scroll too far Every page except the Home page shown above has a help icon. Clicking this icon opens the online help page for the current page. There is also an index for the online help that you can access from any help page The breadcrumbs navigation aid, below the menu bar, shows where you are in the web interface by identifying the levels that you have worked through to reach the current page Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 6 of 47
7 Creating your first conference Creating your first conference This section describes how to set up your first conference, dial in to the conference from an endpoint and have the MCU call out to endpoints. It also describes some of the advanced abilities of the MCU, including the individual screen layout options and text chat feature. However, your organization may require that you enable certain prerequisites before you start. Prerequisites Enabling encryption You can create encrypted conferences if the encryption option is installed on the MCU; however, you must globally enable encryption on the device before you create conferences. 1. Go to Settings > Upgrade and look in the Feature management section to check if the encryption option is in the list of Activated features. 2. Go to Settings > Encryption to check if encryption is already enabled it should be enabled by default. (If you do not have the encryption option, this page is not available.) 3. For Encryption status, select Enabled and then click Apply changes. The second field on this page determines whether SRTP encryption is applied to all transports or TLS only, or is disabled. This setting can be modified on a per conference basis. You can also choose whether ad hoc conferences will be encrypted. For an explanation of ad hoc conferences and the consequences of these settings, see the online help. SRTP encryption only applies to SIP calls; if you will be using SIP, see the online help for more information. Adding a conference 1. Click Conferences on the menu bar (not the tab). Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 7 of 47
8 Creating your first conference The Conference list has three sections: Active conferences that are happening now Scheduled conferences whose start time has not been reached and conferences that recur, for example weekly conferences Completed conferences that are not scheduled to recur 2. Click Add new conference. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 8 of 47
9 Creating your first conference 3. Type in a Name for the conference, for example Training. 4. Type in a Description, for example My first conference. 5. Add a Numeric ID, for example 123 and, if required, a PIN needed to join the conference and a second numeric ID/PIN pair for conference guests. The numeric identifier can be used in a number of ways. If you are using an H.323 gatekeeper or a SIP registrar it is the phone number that participants can use to join the conference directly when calling in to the MCU via a gatekeeper or proxy. Participants who connect to the conference using the primary ID and PIN become chairpersons (or 'chairs') and those who connect using the guest ID and PIN become guests. Chairs and guests have different sets of privileges. See the online help for further details. The conference can only start when at least one chairperson has joined (any guests joining earlier will see a blank screen with the message: Waiting for conference chairperson ). What happens when the last chairperson leaves the conference is determined by the setting in When only guests remain. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 9 of 47
10 Creating your first conference Note that, by default, the conference starts immediately and will last for one hour. We recommend while completing the tutorial you create a permanent conference. To do this, under Start time and duration select Permanent. 6. Select the H.323 gatekeeper checkbox to register this numeric ID with an H.323 gatekeeper, if the MCU is configured to use one. See Setting up an external gatekeeper [p.42]. 7. Select the SIP registrar checkbox to register this numeric ID with a SIP registrar, if the MCU is configured to use one. See Using a SIP registrar [p.44] of this tutorial. 8. To encrypt this conference, select Optional or Required in the Encryption field. With Optional encryption, H.323 endpoints that support AES encryption will use it when they join this conference. With Required encryption, endpoints that do not support AES will not be allowed to join this conference. The situation is similar for SIP endpoints that support SRTP. See the online help for more information about encryption and how to enable it for the different endpoint types. 9. Leave the default values for all other conference settings. 10. Scroll down and click Add conference. The conference is now active (if you did not set a start time, it starts immediately). If you chose a start time in the future, the conference is listed as scheduled instead. You can have up to 200 scheduled conferences at any one time. When you add a conference you can: Register a conference with a H.323 gatekeeper, if one is configured. A gatekeeper allows a telephone number to be assigned to a conference. Enable and disable participants use of far end camera control (FECC) and DTMF to change the conference view layout. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 10 of 47
11 Creating your first conference Set the conference start time and duration. Make the conference permanent, a one-off, or a recurring conference. Add pre-configured endpoints to the conference so that the MCU will automatically call out to these endpoints, either when the conference first becomes active or after a non-configured endpoint calls in. This is useful for recurring conferences with regular participants. Reserve ports for your conference. This is an advanced feature outside the scope of this tutorial. Calling out to invite participants in to the conference Participants can now join the active conference in two ways: either the MCU can call out to connect to the specified endpoints, or the endpoints can call in to connect to the MCU. This procedure describes calling out from the MCU. 1. Go to Conferences and click on the name of the conference (Training). There are five pages for controlling the conference. The Participants page opens by default. On this page you can: Add participants. See a snapshot view of each participant s video and their audio level. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 11 of 47
12 Creating your first conference Scroll down to see a list of participants who were connected to the conference but have already disconnected. Connect/disconnect each participant individually or all participants simultaneously. Mute and unmute each participant individually or all the participants of the conference. See summary status information about conference participants. Make a conference participant or the content channel important (See Controlling the conference [p.17]). Lock the conference, preventing more participants from joining it. 2. Click Add participant. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 12 of 47
13 Creating your first conference 3. For Address, type in the IP address or host name of an accessible endpoint on your network. 4. For Call protocol, select which protocol (SIP or H.323) to connect to the endpoint with. 5. Leave the other fields as their default values and click Call endpoint. 6. If the endpoint is not configured to automatically answer calls, accept the call on the endpoint. By setting Initial audio status and Initial video status to Muted (instead of Active), participants using this endpoint can be added to the conference but not allowed to contribute audio or video respectively. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 13 of 47
14 Creating your first conference Alternatively, you can select the Mute on join check boxes in the conference configuration to mute audio, video or both for every participant when they join the conference. When you click Call endpoint, the MCU automatically connects to the endpoint. You are returned to the Participants page and the new participant is shown in the active participants list. (The icons are described later in the tutorial.) Typically, the endpoint will take a few seconds to start sending video and audio streams to the MCU, and so it might be necessary to refresh the page in order for the thumbnail Preview image and audio level to be shown. 7. Repeat steps 2 to 6 to add more endpoints to the conference. Copying conference contact details 1. Go to Conferences and click the name of the conference. 2. Click on the summary icon in the top right hand corner of the screen. The conference summary page opens in a new window. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 14 of 47
15 Creating your first conference This page gives the following information about the conference: The address of the conference as it would be called from an endpoint The direct link to manage the conference via a web browser 3. Click Copy to clipboard if you want to use the summary information elsewhere; for example to send about the forthcoming conference to potential participants. 4. Close the summary window. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 15 of 47
16 Creating your first conference Calling in to the conference Endpoints can also call in to the MCU. In this section use your second endpoint. 1. From your endpoint, dial the IP address of the MCU that you made a note of earlier. The default auto attendant displays a menu of the available auto attendants and conferences. 2. Set the endpoint s controls to manage the far end camera control. By putting the endpoint into FECC mode, the MCU can receive commands from the endpoint and perform actions based on them. The remote control buttons have the following meanings with auto attendant menus: UP or DOWN moves the blue cursor bar up and down to select a conference or auto attendant name RIGHT is used to select the highlighted auto attendant or conference LEFT is used to go back through the menu hierarchy, for instance after selecting a child auto attendant or starting the Create new conference process You can also use DTMF tones to navigate the auto attendant menu. To enable DTMF menu navigation, press the hash key twice (##) on your endpoint keypad. 3. Scroll down the list to the conference you want to join. 4. To add the endpoint to the conference, press the right hand arrow to select the conference that you created earlier. If you added a PIN for the conference, you will need to enter the PIN followed by #. You may also be able create new conferences from this page, if Create new conference is on the menu. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 16 of 47
17 Controlling the conference Controlling the conference This section describes how to change some of the features of the conference and control the screen layout, for all participants, using some of the pages in the Conferences screen. (In the section Managing individual participants [p.23], you will change the settings for an individual participant.) Controlling the layout When a participant joins a conference, their screen layout is typically determined by the default view set for the MCU. It is also possible to set the layout for all of the conference participants on the conference s Custom Layout page. The breadcrumb trail shows you which conference you are working with. You can also control the layout on a per participant basis and you will do this later in the tutorial. 1. Click the Custom layout tab. If the Current status is Disabled, each endpoint controls their layout and the participants see the default that is configured on the MCU. (The current status automatically changes from Disabled to Enabled when you select a layout.) Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 17 of 47
18 Controlling the conference 2. Select a view from the top part of the Available layouts section which has a large pane plus smaller ones. This type of layout is useful if the endpoint is set up to use a voice-controlled layout. This is the default behavior: the participant who is talking the loudest appears in the largest pane. The newly-configured conference custom layout is now available for all participants of the conference to select for themselves. This is in addition to the pre-defined layout families and, optionally, a custom layout specific to each endpoint. Using the controls in the Conference custom layout section, you can now: Make new participants see this view when they join the conference Switch all participants to this view at any time in the conference Note that the participant can change their view immediately using their controller. The features are meant for easy set up, not to restrict the participants. 3. Click Switch all participants to this view. 4. Go to the Participants page, and in the All participants box, click the 'display layout select panel' icon. Highlighted in red is the layout that is currently selected. Click on a different layout icon to change the layout for all participants. 5. Return to the Custom layout page and click Pane Placement. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 18 of 47
19 Controlling the conference By enabling pane placement, particular panes in your chosen conference layout can be locked to display a particular participant across all endpoints, a blank screen, content (see later in the tutorial), voice activated or the default. 6. For Current status, select Enabled. 7. Place both conference participants in set panes by selecting their entry from the drop down list. 8. Click Update pane placement. See how the layout is updated on both endpoints. 9. Reset the panes by selecting <default> and click Update pane placement. 10. Click the Participants tab. The Participants page has a row of controls for each participant and an All participants section below with similar controls. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 19 of 47
20 Controlling the conference 11. Click the icon to make the participant in the other room important. Only one participant can be important at any time. In a voice-controlled layout (the default) the important participant will always be seen in the largest pane regardless of who is talking the loudest. Individual endpoints can still choose to see another layout. In the same way, the content channel can be made important by clicking on the icon. Alternatively, there is an option in Settings > Conferences > Advanced settings to automatically make the content channel important when the content channel is enabled. Note that this does not affect participants using a separate screen for content channel or participants who have specifically allocated their pane placement. For more information on this feature, please refer to the online help. 12. Try speaking loudly in to your endpoint. You should not be able to make yourself appear in the largest pane. 13. If you have a second person with you, click the mute icon for one of the participants in another room and ask the person to go in to that room and start talking. Notice that you cannot hear them. 14. Click on the unmute icon to unmute the participant and click the far right audio preview when they talk. Note that the video and audio previews do not update in real time. Click on them to make the previews refresh. 15. Click the Custom layout tab and choose a different layout. Then click Make new participants see this view. 16. Click the Participants tab. 17. Scroll down to the All participants section. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 20 of 47
21 Controlling the conference 18. Disconnect all of the participants and then reconnect them. Everyone should see the new layout. The conference-wide controls that would have no effect are not available. For instance, if all participants are already muted then the mute icon will be grayed out. Clears all participants from being important and resets the default mode in which the loudest participant occupies the largest pane Mute and unmute all participants Disconnects all participants from the conference Forces all participants view layouts to voice-activated mode. This does not change which layout they are viewing, but stops the layout being focused on a specific participant rather than the loudest speaker Selects a full screen layout for all users. i.e. only one participant Displays the layout selection panel from which you can select a layout view that all current participants will see. This panel offers the same choices as going to Conferences > Custom layout Enables or disables layout control for all participants. If enabled, users may control the layout on their own endpoints. They can do this by putting their endpoints into far end control mode. The buttons on the remote control work differently in this mode: UP or DOWN changes between different styles of layout LEFT or RIGHT changes the participant who appears in the largest pane of the screen ZOOM + allows control of the far end camera Pressing * opens the in call menu which allows you to control many aspects of the conference. See Cisco TelePresence Accessing Conferences Getting started guide MCU 4.3 for more information. Displaying conference statistics You can display statistics about a conference and use the information to quickly see how many participants are currently in the conference. 1. Click the Statistics tab. 2. Refresh the page to update the Running time and other data. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 21 of 47
23 Managing individual participants Managing individual participants This section takes you through controlling some settings for one participant in a conference, for example the screen layouts and camera controls. 1. Go to Conferences, select your conference and then go to Participants. As you saw previously, the participants are listed and the preview shows you the video stream being sent by the endpoint to the MCU. 2. Click on one of the participants in order to manage their endpoint in this conference. The Participant screen has eight tabs and the Display page opens by default. This page can be used to control what the participant sees. The navigation aid tells you which participant you are working with. Changing a participant's layout There are a number of ways to select the layout that this participant sees: by family or a set layout. If you select one of the families the exact view will depend on how many participants are active in the conference at the time. 1. If you have enough endpoints, click on Family 4 and set up and connect to four participants. Now add a fifth participant and notice that the layout changes from 4 panes to 9 panes. The participant s view changes as soon as you select a family. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 23 of 47
24 Managing individual participants The Edit buttons work differently. They take you to the Custom layout pages for the participant or conference, from which you can select one fixed view that is not in one of the five families. 2. For Participant custom layout, click Edit or click the Custom layout tab. The participant Custom layout page opens. It is very similar to the one for the whole conference that you saw earlier. 3. Click on one of the layouts. You do not need to click the Enabled radio button: as soon as you click on a layout, it is selected automatically. 4. Click the Display tab. The thumbnail beside the Edit button changes to the selection you made and the radio button is selected automatically so this is the view that the participant is seeing. (The participant can still change their view at any time.) Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 24 of 47
25 Managing individual participants You can select who appears in the largest pane of this participant s screen (i.e. who is the focused participant). The Voice-switched option is the default and is always available; there is also a radio button for every other active participant in the conference. 5. Click one of the radio buttons to choose who is the focused participant viewed by this participant and click on the preview to update it. Then click a different radio button and click on the preview again to watch the view change. Moving and muting a participant's camera 1. Click the Camera tab. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 25 of 47
26 Managing individual participants This page shows a preview of what the participant s camera is sending to the MCU and allows you to control the participant s camera and therefore what view the other participants have of him/her (The camera controls only appear is the camera control was negotiated for this call). 2. Use the movement, zoom and focus icons to move and control the camera. The preview shows a static image from the participant s camera. Click the preview to refresh it. 3. Mute and unmute the video transmission to conference. 4. Click the icon for an explanation of the other icons on this page. Adjusting a participant's audio 1. Click the Audio tab. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 26 of 47
27 Managing individual participants You can enable Adaptive Gain Control or apply a fixed gain. The gain controls how the MCU alters the audio stream received from the endpoint, and so affects how loud they sound to other conference participants. Every 3dB represents a doubling of volume, so +6dB is equivalent to making the participant 4 times as loud, -3dB means the sound will be half as loud, and so on. This setting is useful for endpoints whose audio is consistently too quiet or too loud. 2. Increase the audio level that the endpoint places into the call by selecting Apply fixed gain. Type a positive number into the Apply fixed gain field and click Apply changes. Sending a message to one participant 1. Click the Send message tab. A text message sent from here appears only on this participant s screen. 2. Type a message into the Message text field and click Send message. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 27 of 47
28 Managing individual participants 3. Return to the Display tab and click on the preview to check that the text has appeared on the screen. Checking statistics and diagnostics 1. Click the Statistics tab to see information about the connection to this participant. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 28 of 47
29 Managing individual participants Look out for packet errors and frame errors because these can indicate network issues such as duplex mismatches. The Receive bit rate may be lower than expected: this can be normal behavior because the MCU asks for less data from the participant if no one is viewing them in a full screen. This helps to reduce network load. 2. Click the Diagnostics tab to see detailed information for this connection. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 29 of 47
30 Managing individual participants Moving participants between conferences 1. Create a new conference (in this example called Training new). 2. Go to Conferences > Move Participants. 3. Drag a participant from the Training conference and drop it on to Training new. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 30 of 47
31 Managing individual participants The participant moves while you drag it and then becomes a participant in the conference where you drop it: Before the move While dragging a participant After dropping the participant You can move multiple participants by selecting the checkbox next to each one and then dragging the group. You can also remove one or more participants from the conference by dragging the selected participants from the conference and dropping them on the Remove participant section. Pre-configuring endpoints You can pre-configure endpoints and store them in the MCU s configuration, so that you can invite these endpoints into conferences without having to enter their details each time. This acts as an address book for the endpoints on your network. The MCU is able to recognize when an incoming call is from a pre-configured endpoint, which has the advantage that the conferencing parameters for that endpoint (for instance, sending video in widescreen format) will automatically take effect. The endpoint s settings won t need to be adjusted each time the endpoint calls in. 1. Go to Endpoints and click either Add H.323 or Add SIP. (The screen examples are for Add H.323.) Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 31 of 47
32 Managing individual participants The list of previously configured endpoints is displayed. The white arrow shows which column the list is sorted by and whether the list is in ascending or descending order. You can reorder the list by clicking on the appropriate heading. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 32 of 47
35 Adding computer displays to the conference Adding computer displays to the conference In this section you configure the MCU to share data with a conference using H.239 or BFCP (also known as the content contribution channel or simply the content channel). The content channel is enabled on the MCU by default but you can enable or disable it on a per conference basis. The content channel is in addition to the main video channel. The MCU has several methods of displaying data within a conference: Via the content contribution channel to endpoints In the standard or 'main' video channel Enabling the content channel in a conference 1. Go to Conferences and click the Training conference. 2. Click the Configuration tab. 3. Scroll down to the Content section (below Participant Controls). 4. Set Content mode to Transcoded. The different content modes are explained in the online help. 5. Scroll down and click Update conference. The conference now has a content channel which is shown in the Participants list. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 35 of 47
37 The auto attendants The auto attendants You have seen that when endpoints connect to the MCU they see a display offering a number of choices. This is controlled by a series of screens known as auto attendants. Cisco TelePresence MCUs can have many auto attendants (otherwise known as Interactive Voice Responses or IVRs). You can personalize the banner and choose which conferences to show. You can set up menu structures by linking auto attendants. The MCU uses the default auto attendant when a participant dials the MCU using the MCU's IP address, or URI, or from an unknown number. You can assign numeric IDs to Auto attendants so that they can register with gatekeepers and thus be dialed directly. Endpoints with no FECC capability can use DTMF navigation (numbers 2, 8, 4 and 6) to navigate the auto attendant menu. Go to Conferences > Auto attendants to display the auto attendants list. The Auto attendants list shows all the auto attendants and summary information about each one. When the MCU is delivered there is only one auto attendant - the Default auto attendant. Creating and linking auto attendants Additional auto attendants can be added to help callers find the correct conference. 1. Click Add new auto attendant. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 37 of 47
41 The auto attendants Restricting access to conferences The MCU s default behavior is for all conferences to appear on the Default auto attendant, and for that auto attendant to be available to all callers. This behavior can be changed in various ways: You can configure the Default auto attendant so that it only shows specific conferences [p.37]. You can apply guest and chair PINs to a conference so that participants must know the guest PIN to join the conference and the chair PIN to initiate the conference. You can configure the Default auto attendant with a PIN so that only a restricted set of callers can see the available conferences. In a gatekeeper-controlled environment, you can set up each conference with an E.164 number (as well as a PIN if required) and configure the default auto attendant to not show any of them; people can only access the conferences for which they know the number and they call in to those conferences directly (rather than through the video auto attendant menu). To restrict availability of conferences via the web interface, you can configure user accounts with different privilege levels [p.46]. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 41 of 47
42 Setting up an external gatekeeper Setting up an external gatekeeper If you are going to be using an external gatekeeper with your MCU follow the instructions in this section. 1. Go to Settings > H Complete the fields using the notes below and the online help if necessary. H.323 gatekeeper usage (Enabled/Disabled/Required): If you select Required, the MCU must be able to connect with the gatekeeper otherwise no calls will be allowed. H.323 gatekeeper address: the IP address or host name of the gatekeeper. Gatekeeper registration type: In general it is best to use Terminal/Gateway. Ethernet port association (Port A and/or Port B): Choose which port(s) and IP protocol(s) are associated with the gatekeeper when the Video Firewall option is enabled. Prefix for MCU registrations: this number is prefixed to the beginning of all E.164 numeric identifiers registered with the gatekeeper. One use is for prefixing the identifiers with the telephone code for your country or local area. MCU service prefix: one or more digits used as a prefix that the gatekeeper will recognize as calls to this MCU. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 42 of 47
43 Setting up an external gatekeeper Allow numeric ID registration for conferences: Allows conferences to register with the gatekeeper. Leave all other fields blank. See the online help for information on the fields not discussed here. 3. Click Apply changes. A message indicates that the names and numbers are being registered. Wait a few seconds and click the H.323 tab again or refresh the page to see whether their registration was successful. If registration fails, ensure that the MCU can reach the gatekeeper by going to the Network > Connectivity page. Check that the gatekeeper doesn t have any existing registrations for these numbers. You can now use the gatekeeper when setting up and making connections in a conference. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 43 of 47
44 Using a SIP registrar Using a SIP registrar Configure a SIP registrar to allow conference participants with SIP endpoints to connect to the MCU by dialing a directory number rather than an IP address. 1. Go to Settings > SIP. The settings on this page control the MCU's interaction with the SIP registrar and with SIP endpoints. 2. For SIP registrar usage, select Enabled. 3. Complete the remaining fields as follows: SIP registrar domain: This can be specified either as a host name or as an IP address. For example, if you are using the MCU with a Cisco TelePresence Video Communication Server (VCS) this will be the IP or host name of your VCS Username: The login name for the MCU on the SIP registrar Password: The password for the MCU on the SIP registrar Allow numeric ID registration for conferences: This controls whether any scheduled conferences configured numeric IDs are allowed to be registered with the registrar Use local certificate for outgoing connections and registrations: This forces the MCU to present its local certificate when registering with the SIP registrar See the online help for more information on the fields not discussed here. 4. Click Apply changes. With the SIP registrar enabled, SIP endpoints can now dial directly into registered conferences by calling the conference ID. Conversely, the MCU can call out to SIP endpoints using the URIs they have registered. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 44 of 47
45 Setting up and editing users privileges Setting up and editing users privileges Adding a new user 1. Go to Users. The list of current users is shown. When the MCU is delivered there are two users: admin and guest. You must be logged in as the admin user to add new users or change a user s configuration. 2. Click Add new user. 3. Type in the User ID and Name for the new user. (The User ID is used to log in; the Name is the preferred name for that user.) 4. If this user account needs to be password-protected, type in the password twice. 5. Select the Lock password check box if you would like to prevent the user from changing their password. This is useful where you want multiple users to be able to use the same User ID. If you do not lock the password, one person could change it and then everyone else who uses this User ID would be unable to log in. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 45 of 47
46 Setting up and editing users privileges 6. Set the Privilege level from the drop down list. It is possible to associate audio-only endpoints (via the E.164 phone number) with a user. If this audio only endpoint calls the MCU (or is called by the MCU), the MCU can either display a static picture of the user which can be uploaded after the user has been created, or The MCU can call out to an associated video endpoint so the user has audio on their audio device and video on their video device. 7. If required, set up the E.164 phone number and Associated video endpoint. 8. Click Add user. The new user appears in the Users list. Editing the guest user s configuration By changing the configuration of the default guest user, you can limit what a guest user may do. 1. Click the guest link. 2. Change the access rights as required by changing the privilege level and click Update guest settings. Entering a password for the admin user When you logged in as the admin user at the start of this tutorial there was a blank password. This is not secure and you should change the password to something secret. 1. Click the admin link. 2. Type in the password that you want to use to gain access to this MCU as the admin user from now on. 3. Re-type the password. 4. Click Update password. If the admin password is lost, you can use the reset_config command at the serial console to reset the system configuration. You can only issue this command during the first 30 seconds of startup. This will reset the admin password and all user passwords. Note: reset_config will also reset your local configuration including any feature keys you may have installed. Closing the MCU browser You have completed the tutorial. Click Log out to exit from the MCU web interface. The MCU is designed to be left powered on at all times; therefore you can then simply close the browser window. Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series Version 4.3 Tutorial Page 46 of 47
Advanced Features Guide for Cisco Jabber for Windows Version 9.1.1 and Later First Published: December 14, 2012 Last Modified: April 11, 2013 Americas Headquarters Cisco Systems, Inc. 170 West Tasman Drive
Cisco Collaboration with Microsoft Interoperability Infrastructure Cheatsheet First Published: June 2016 Cisco Expressway X8.8 Cisco Unified Communications Manager 10.x or later Microsoft Lync Server 2010
1 Knowledge base Profile Series Quick Set Series Codec MXP Endpoints IP Video Phone MARCH 2012 Thank you for choosing Cisco! Your Cisco product has been designed to give you many years of safe, reliable
3.1 January 2014 3725-69930-002A Polycom RealPresence Desktop for Windows Trademark Information POLYCOM and the names and marks associated with Polycom's products are trademarks and/or service marks of
SCOPIA iview Communications Manager User Guide Version 7.5 2000-2010 RADVISION Ltd. All intellectual property rights in this publication are owned by RADVISION Ltd and are protected by United States copyright
Cisco Expressway IP Port Usage for Firewall Traversal Cisco Expressway X8.1 D15066.01 December 2013 Contents: Cisco Expressway IP port usage Which IP ports are used with Cisco Expressway? Which IP ports
This guide covers the basic functions you will use to schedule or attend an Event Center session from your Apple computer. Also included here are instructions for using the most common tools available
User Guide for the Cisco Unity Connection Phone Interface (Release 8.x) First Published: February 02, 2010 Last Modified: November 16, 2010 Americas Headquarters Cisco Systems, Inc. 170 West Tasman Drive
Getting Started: Installing and initial Login 1. Open a web browser and navigate to: 2. Click on the appropriate link for your operating system and install the software according to the on-screen instructions.
VidyoDesktop Quick User Guide Product Version 3.6 Document Version A November, 2015 2015 Vidyo, Inc. All rights reserved. Vidyo s technology is covered by one or more issued or pending United States patents,
Replacing MCU Software with TelePresence Server Software on Cisco TelePresence MCU 5300 Series. Last Updated: February 2016
Polycom Unified Communications Deployment Guide for Cisco Environments Wave 5 March 2012 3725-00010-001G Trademark Information Polycom, the Polycom Triangles logo, and the names and marks associated with
1.1 Multipoint Control Unit (MCU) A. The MCU shall be capable of supporting (20) continuous presence HD Video Ports at 720P/30Hz resolution and (40) continuous presence ports at 480P/30Hz resolution. B.
Physical interface guide for Cisco TelePresence SX80 1 Thank you for choosing Cisco! Your Cisco product has been designed to give you many years of safe, reliable operation. Our main objective with this
Cisco Unified Workforce Optimization Workforce Management Application User Guide Version 9.0(1) First Published: June 15, 2012 Last Modified: March 7, 2013 Americas Headquarters Cisco Systems, Inc. 170
Getting Started Guide July 2013 Chapters 1. Scheduling Meetings Configuring Meeting Details Advanced Options Invitation Email, received by the Participants Invitation Email, sent to the Moderator (scheduler)
Avaya one-x Mobile User Guide for iphone Release 5.2 January 2010 0.3 2009 Avaya Inc. All Rights Reserved. Notice While reasonable efforts were made to ensure that the information in this document was
Wave IP 3.0 Wave ViewPoint Mobile for Android User Guide 2012 by Vertical Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. Vertical Communications and the Vertical Communications logo and combinations thereof
Cisco Unified Workforce Optimization Desktop Requirements Guide Version 10.5 First Published: June 18, 2014 Last Updated: March 6, 2015 THE SPECIFICATIONS AND INFORMATION REGARDING THE PRODUCTS IN THIS
LifeSize Video Communications Systems Administrator Guide September 2008 Copyright Notice 2005-2008 LifeSize Communications Inc, and its licensors. All rights reserved. LifeSize Communications has made
Salesforce Integration 2015 Bomgar Corporation. All rights reserved worldwide. BOMGAR and the BOMGAR logo are trademarks of Bomgar Corporation; other trademarks shown are the property of their respective
User Guide Live Meeting Information in this document, including URL and other Internet Web site references, is subject to change without notice. Unless otherwise noted, the example companies, organizations,
Setting Up an AudioCodes MP-114 Gateway to Work With Comrex STAC VIP The setup of Gateway devices for use with IP devices such as STAC VIP is not for the meek. Here is a list of the settings required to
Wave ISM 1.5 SP2 Wave ViewPoint User Guide Release 1.5 SP2 2009 by Vertical Communications, Inc. All rights reserved. Vertical Communications and the Vertical Communications logo and combinations thereof
Cisco Unified Communications Manager SIP Line Messaging Guide (Standard) For Cisco Unified Communications Manager Release 8.5(1) These materials are made available by Cisco as a courtesy to provide certain
Getting Started Guide January 19, 2014 User Guide Chapters 1. Scheduling Meetings Configuring Meeting Details Advanced Options Invitation Email, received by the Participants Invitation Email, sent to the
WebEx Meeting Center User Guide For Hosts, Presenters, and Attendees 8.17 Copyright 1997 2010 Cisco and/or its affiliates. All rights reserved. WEBEX, CISCO, Cisco WebEx, the CISCO logo, and the Cisco
Getting Started Guide November 25, 2013 Getting Started Guide Chapters 1. Scheduling Meetings Configuring Meeting Details Advanced Options Invitation Email, received by the Participants Invitation Email,
2015 Dell Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. This guide contains proprietary information protected by copyright. The software described in this guide is furnished under a software license or nondisclosure agreement.
Web Remote Access User Guide Notice to Users 2005 2Wire, Inc. All rights reserved. This manual in whole or in part, may not be reproduced, translated, or reduced to any machine-readable form without prior
Collaboration Endpoint Software CE8.0 NOVEMBER 2015 For MX and SX Series D15318.01 Video Systems CE8.0, NOVEMBER 2015. 1 Thank you for choosing Cisco! Your Cisco product has been designed to give you many
LifeSize Networker Installation Guide November 2008 Copyright Notice 2006-2008 LifeSize Communications Inc, and its licensors. All rights reserved. LifeSize Communications has made every effort to ensure
Avaya one-x Mobile User Guide for iphone 18-602788 Issue 1 February 2008 2008 Avaya Inc. All Rights Reserved. Notice While reasonable efforts were made to ensure that the information in this document was
LifeSize Video Communications Systems User Guide September 2008 Copyright Notice 2005-2008 LifeSize Communications Inc, and its licensors. All rights reserved. LifeSize Communications has made every effort
1 South-South Cooperation Case Study UN-REDD FAO & Brazil s INPE: Building Capacities for National Satellite Forest Monitoring I. Executive Summary: The UN-REDD Programme is the United Nations collaborative initiative on Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and forest Degradation (REDD) in developing countries. The Programme was launched in 2008 and builds on the convening role and technical expertise of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP). The UN-REDD Programme supports nationally-led REDD+ processes and promotes the informed and meaningful involvement of all stakeholders, including Indigenous Peoples and other forest-dependent communities, in national and international REDD+ implementation. Several components of UN-REDD involve elements of South-South Cooperation (SSC). One such initiative is support to the National Forest Monitoring Systems Based on Remote Sensing and Geographic Information System. Through this program, UN-REDD, FAO, and Brazil s National Institute for Space Research (INPE) are working side-by-side to support the set-up of national satellite monitoring systems to interested UN-REDD Programme countries. The concept grew out of a 2009 Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed between FAO and INPE, and recent capacity-building activities include a series of training sessions lead by INPE and FAO experts and attended by representatives from Ecuador, Guyana, Mexico, Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Vietnam, Papua New Guinea (PNG), Tanzania, and Zambia. After the centralized trainings, the FAO-UN-REDD Programme is responsible for the in-country implementation and operationalization of national satellite forest monitoring systems to ensure that these systems are adapted to accommodate the national circumstances and conditions.
2 II. Actors and Their Roles: Recipient Entity Basic Information Role Sector: Country delegations consisting of IT and forestry experts Center of Operations: Varied Training participant countries (as of March 2012): Ecuador Guyana Mexico Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) Tanzania Zambia Vietnam Papua New Guinea (PNG) Ownership: National Initiating Entity Basic Information Role Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) / UN-REDD Programme Sector: International organization, environment, agriculture, forestry Center of Operations: Rome, Italy Ownership: Intergovernmental organization,!191 member nations, two associate members, and one member organization (European Union) Supporting Entity Basic Information Role Participate in INPE training sessions on the TerraAmazon technology and work with FAO/UN- REDD specialists on adaptation to national contexts and forest conditions Develop comprehensive national satellite forest monitoring systems in compliance with REDD+ requirements In-country implementation of national forest monitoring systems and the support of set-up of the TerraAmazon and web portal technology Brazil s National Institute for Space Research (INPE) Sector: Public, scientific Center of Operations: São José dos Campos, Brazil Ownership: Brazilian Ministry of Science and Technology Conduct training sessions with UN-REDD Programme partner countries on tropical forest monitoring and the Brazilian TerraAmazon technology III. About the Initiative: The implementation of REDD+ requires advanced methods for monitoring forest carbon stocks. Current measuring, reporting, and verification (MRV) systems in many countries are not sufficiently accurate or simply non-existent for evaluating forest carbon stocks as required for
3 REDD+ participation. For this reason, several countries are exploring techniques to design and implement operational forest monitoring systems in a cost-efficient way. The TerraAmazon platform developed by Brazil s INPE provides one such example of a freely available package with remote sensing (RS) and GIS options, tools, and algorithms with the ability to be adapted according to country needs; moreover, INPE is fully committed to sharing its experience in large-scale monitoring of deforestation that can help provide accurate and transparent data to the general public. To this end, UN-REDD (through its FAO representatives), is currently collaborating with INPE to provide training and implementation assistance on this successful forest monitoring technology, which was previously developed and deployed within Brazil. INPE's new Amazon training center (CRA) in Belém, Brazil, is responsible for hosting the centralized trainings on the Brazilian monitoring forest systems. These systems use TerraAmazon as the Brazilian software platform for estimating annual rates of deforestation (PRODES), detection of forest degradation (DEGRAD), selective logging activities (DETEX), and near-real time monitoring of forest cover in support of more effective forest control and enforcement activities (DETER). TerraAmazon, developed by INPE, integrates both geographical information systems (GIS) image processing and database management functionalities. The Brazilian satellite monitoring system is the largest and most robust forest monitoring system in the world and has been providing official annual rates of gross deforestation to the Brazilian government since the late 1980s. Additionally, since 2004, the system has provided monthly data on forest cover changes in Amazonia to the government control and enforcement agency, allowing appropriate regulating bodies to take early measures to prevent further non-authorized deforestation activities. Beginning with a training session in October 2010 (and continued through subsequent technical meetings and additional training sessions in 2011), these data and monitoring systems have been made available to various interested countries to enhance their forest monitoring for MRV technology. As freely available products, DETER, DETEX, DEGRAD, PRODES, and TerraClass are accessible free of charge, as is all available INPE RS data. As set forth at the start of the initiative, the program aims to conduct technical trainings for representatives from 30 to 40 countries within two years. 1 While INPE is responsible for conducting trainings on the Brazilian technologies, FAO is charged with assisting in-country implementation (which will increase in the near future, as the program continues). Thus far, the program, which was conceived within the framework of a 2009 MOU signed between FAO and INPE, has achieved the following major milestones: development of a joint work programme between FAO and INPE during an April 2010 meeting; roll-out of a pilot training course in October 2010 for delegations from Ecuador, Guyana, and Mexico aimed at supporting these countries in setting up autonomous national MRV systems for monitoring of deforestation and forest degradation;!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1 Source:
4 a follow-up technical meeting in May 2011 during which INPE and FAO trainers defined next steps to support interested UN-REDD Programme countries in the set-up of their autonomous national forest monitoring systems; a second training course held at INPE s CRA training center in Belém, Brazil, in September 2011 and attended by delegations from DRC, Vietnam, and PNG; and a third training course held at INPE s CRA training center in Belém, Brazil, in March 2012 and attended by delegations from Tanzania and Zambia. The South-South Cooperation Components section of this case study contains further details on each of these project stages as well as future plans to expand the initiative to provide in-country implementation assistance for UN-REDD Programme partner countries. IV. Financial Arrangements: The Forest Monitoring Systems Based on Remote Sensing and Geographic Information System Techniques initiative is funded by the global UN-REDD Programme budget at FAO, while travel costs are paid for by the UN-REDD National Programmes. V. South-South Cooperation Components: Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) Signed in December 2009, the MOU between FAO and INPE calls for joint action by the two agencies to! help establish technological systems and build capacity in UN-REDD Programme partner countries. INPE is willing to share its experience with its Brazilian satellite monitoring system. This technology provides data vital for measuring and reporting on national forests and hence can help to create accurate and comprehensive national forest MRV systems, as required for participation in REDD+. Meanwhile, FAO works to link these scientific trainings with efforts of the country governments. Pilot Training Course: Ecuador, Guyana, and Mexico The first training course, held in October 2010 at INPE s headquarters in São José dos Campos, Brazil, focused on the applicability in UN-REDD Programme partner countries of the Brazilian satellite forest monitoring system, TerraAmazon. Trainers from the UN-REDD Programme (through FAO), and REDD+ country delegations from Ecuador, Guyana, and Mexico participated. The goal of the collaboration in this capacity-building effort was to train technical forestry and IT experts to use the TerraAmazon system, adapt it to individual country needs, and ultimately enhance existing national forest monitoring systems. Second Training Course: DRC, Vietnam, and PNG The second training programme, which took place in September 2011, set forth a targeted training program for country-level technical experts from DRC, Vietnam, and PNG. Country delegations to the training included computer science experts as well as GIS forestry specialists from national government institutions responsible for the implementation of REDD+ and/or national forest monitoring.
5 The first part of the training incorporated hands-on exercises using the Brazilian monitoring projects and data. The second part of the training focused on the application of forest monitoring techniques and image processing in home country contexts. The training included practical exercises using a standardized set of Brazilian satellite data as well as respective country-specific data and imagery. The course aimed to improve baseline knowledge of RS and information technology and modeling techniques for a satellite-based forest monitoring system. The curriculum also included assessment of historical forest cover changes within respective home countries. This dual discussion of Brazilian technologies alongside analysis of country-specific contexts was particularly valuable for enhancing capacity to apply the technologies to a variety of regions and settings. A follow-up meeting with these countries was held in November in FAO headquarters in Rome. In-Country Implementation Assistance for UN-REDD Programme Partner Countries With the ultimate aim of implementing national MRV programs within participant countries, the trainings provide the opportunity among REDD+ countries to set up autonomous satellite forest monitoring systems that will also be valuable as a tool to report greenhouse gas emissions following the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) Guidelines and Guidance. In that context, FAO, UN-REDD, and INPE worked with DRC and PNG to launch their national forest monitoring systems in December 2011 at COP17 in Durban. The portals allow all end-users to follow and have open access to available forest data, updated frequently to represent national forest conditions within each country. The use of RS data allows a high frequency of data availability as well as the possibility for wall-to-wall monitoring of the forests in both DRC and PNG. Additionally, the use of National Forest Inventory data augments the RS data in order to fulfill the reporting requirements of the UNFCCC. Starting in 2012, FAO has been working on the set-up and support of the national satellite monitoring systems of Vietnam, Paraguay, and Zambia as well. The ultimate goal of all these joint efforts is to build up the autonomous capacity of REDD+ countries to monitor their forest-related land cover, generating annual data on deforestation, forest degradation, and forest conversions. This will allow each country to produce national and sub-national forest related change matrices, at the level of each land-use change subcategory that will provide activity data on changes in the use of land in units of area per year. VI. Lessons Learned and Conclusion: The joint collaboration with INPE for the capacity building has shown that capacity building in most of the REDD+ countries is lacking and in need of a, coordinated, in-depth effort amongst the multiple initiatives ongoing in the countries. Both the transfer of technical skills as well as the introduction of the national forest monitoring systems for REDD+ are a major challenge. FAO and INPE show that by using a freely available platform, namely TerraAmazon, which can be tailored to country conditions, REDD+ countries can get into Phase 2 for the national MRV
Information note on the DRC National Forest Monitoring System Version 1 December 2011 Disclaimer: this note is not meant to represent/ replace a user manual (which is currently in development), but rather
National Forest Monitoring Systems: Monitoring and Measurement, Reporting and Verification (M & MRV) in the context of REDD+ Activities
National Forest Monitoring Systems: Monitoring and Measurement, Reporting and Verification (M & MRV) in the context of REDD+ Activities Empowered lives. Resilient nations. Photo: Leonard G. Reyes Empowered
Developing country roadmaps Establishment of a system for monitoring, reporting, and verification of REDD+ in Guyana Requirements for national MRV system: International: principles and procedures specified
FIP/SC.7/Inf.2 October 26, 2011. Meeting of the FIP Sub- Committee Washington, D.C. October 31, 2011 UPDATE ON REDD+ COLLABORATION
FIP/SC.7/Inf.2 October 26, 2011 Meeting of the FIP Sub- Committee Washington, D.C. October 31, 2011 UPDATE ON REDD+ COLLABORATION 1 I. INTRODUCTION 1. During its meeting in November 2010, the FIP Sub-Committee
National and Sub-national Carbon monitoring tools developed at the WHRC Nadine Laporte Woods Hole Research Center A. Baccini, W. Walker, S. Goetz, M. Sun, J. Kellndorfer Kigali, 20 th June 2011 Why measuring
July 7, 2009 DESIGN DOCUMENT FOR THE FOREST INVESTMENT PROGRAM, A TARGETED PROGRAM UNDER THE SCF TRUST FUND 2 I. BACKGROUND 1. There is increasing consensus that addressing climate change is central to
Norwegian Climate Finance 2010. In Decision 1/CP.16 (Cancun Agreements AWGLCA outcome), relevant parties were invited to submit information on the resources provided for the fast start period (2010 2012).
Report of the technical assessment of the proposed forest reference emission level of Brazil submitted in 2014
United Nations FCCC/TAR/2014/BRA Distr.: General 1 December 2014 English only Report of the technical assessment of the proposed forest reference emission level of Brazil submitted in 2014 Summary This
Governance deficiencies of environmental and forest funds in Pará and Alice Thuault *, Brenda Brito ** and Priscilla Santos Many international and domestic government and civil society actors see the use
Climate change United Nations Environment Programme An overview Climate change is one of the major challenges of our time and adds considerable stress to our societies and to the environment. From shifting
Advancing on the learning curve for GHG inventory systems First Lessons on Capacity Development for Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation With contributions from Till Neeff, Zoltán
South South Cooperation between Nepal and India on technology transfer for converting waste agricultural biomass into energy
South-South Cooperation Case Study South South Cooperation between and India on technology transfer for converting waste agricultural biomass into energy Photo 1. Courtesy of Society for Environment and
International environmental governance. Bali Strategic Plan for Technology Support and Capacity-building
Submission by the Plurinational State of Bolivia March 26, 2014. The progress of the JMA in the context of the UNFCCC is the following:
Matters relating to methodological guidance for Non-market based approaches, such as joint mitigation and adaptation approaches for the integral and sustainable management of forests as established in
DRAFT TEXT on ADP 2-3 agenda item 3 Implementation of all the elements of decision 1/CP.17 Version 1 of 18 November 2013 at 10:00 hrs Draft decision proposed by the Co-Chairs The Conference of the Parties,
UN Collaborative Programme on Reducing Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation in Developing Countries (UN-REDD)
A GLOBAL INITIATIVE TO SUPPORT MITIGATION ACTIONS MONTHLY ROUND UP APRIL 2014 *** Due to technical difficulties this MRU did not reach all intended recipients. For this reason we are re-releasing to the
Detection of Selective Logging for Estimating and Monitoring Forest Degradation: methodologies and experiences in Brazil
WWF Forest and Climate Programme FACTSHEET 2013 snapshot What» Community involvement in participatory land-use mapping as the basis for land-use management planning, conservation of natural resources and
Grading for ER-PIN Assessments: Color Qualification Analysis Green The indicator is clearly addressed and supported by country stakeholders and other sources of evidence; Yellow The indicator is partially
An assessment of national forest monitoring capabilities in tropical non-annex I countries: Recommendations for capacity building
Global Observation of Forest and Land Cover Dynamics Land Cover Project Office An assessment of national forest capabilities in tropical non-annex I countries: Recommendations for capacity building Prepared
Report of the Conference of the Parties on its seventeenth session, held in Durban from 28 November to 11 December 2011
United Nations FCCC/CP/2011/9/Add.1 Distr.: General 15 March 2012 Original: English Conference of the Parties Contents Report of the Conference of the Parties on its seventeenth session, held in Durban
Synergies of REDD+ and Biodiversity International Workshop on REDD + A new framework for conservation of tropical forests: monitoring, biodiversity and practices Nagoya, 25 October 2010 Eduardo Mansur
Grading for ER-PIN Assessments: Color Qualification Analysis Green The indicator is clearly addressed and supported by country stakeholders and other sources of evidence; Reasons for attributed grade should
Advance unedited version Green Climate Fund report of the Transitional Committee Draft decision -/CP.17 The Conference of the Parties, Recalling its decision 1/CP.16, 1. Welcomes the report of the Transitional
Update on the status of implementation of the Memorandum of Understanding between the United Nations Environment Programme and the United Nations Development Programme Summary In response to the Member
Defining Forest Degradation for an Effective Mechanism to Reduce Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation (REDD)
Defining Forest Degradation for an Effective Mechanism to Reduce Emissions from Deforestation and Forest Degradation (REDD) Background Sean Cadman October 2008 1 At the request of the Bali COP, SBSTA convened
United States Agency for International Development Cooperative Agreement No. EEM-A-00-06-00024-00 Global Climate Change: Carbon Reporting Initiative January 2012 Submitted by: Nancy Harris Ecosystem Services
13 May 2011 Funding for forests: UK Government support for REDD+ About this review PwC and its alliance partners, Climate Focus, Winrock and IUCN, were appointed by the UK Government in December 2010 to
The United Nations Environment Programme and the 2030 Agenda Global Action for People and the Planet Unemployment, resource scarcity, climate change, food insecurity and inequity all signal the need for
What are the major challenges facing Mekong universities for integrating climate change? How is the job market changing and how do we adequately prepare our students? David J. Ganz, Chief of Party 10/6/2012
UPDATED VERSION Introduction Ready for Climate Finance: GIZ s Approach to Making Climate Finance Work Building on climate expertise and good financial governance Adapting to climate change and reducing
REDD-Plus Readiness Planning Process for Uganda Awareness and Communications Strategy 1. The Strategy This is the description of the Objectives, Outputs and Activities for raising awareness and communicating
Fact sheet: STEPPING UP INTERNATIONAL ACTION ON CLIMATE CHANGE The Road to Copenhagen Introduction Climate change is today widely recognized as one of mankind s greatest challenges in the 21st century.
The Carbon Institute s Program Performance Report United States Forst Service Support for Terrestrial Carbon Accounting Academic Partnership in Cameroon For the Period February 1 to September 30, 2015
Report of the Conference of the Parties on its fifteenth session, held in Copenhagen from 7 to 19 December 2009
UNITED NATIONS Distr. GENERAL FCCC/CP/2009/11/Add.1 30 March 2010 Original: ENGLISH CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES Report of the Conference of the Parties on its fifteenth session, held in Copenhagen from 7
Cities Act Special Advisor to the CEO at Realdania Pelle Bournonville Realdania Realdania s mission Realdania is a philanthropic organisation that works to improve quality of life through the built environment
Report of the Conference of the Parties on its nineteenth session, held in Warsaw from 11 to 23 November 2013
United Nations FCCC/CP/2013/10/Add.1 Distr.: General 31 January 2014 Original: English Conference of the Parties Contents Report of the Conference of the Parties on its nineteenth session, held in Warsaw
POSITION PAPER June 2015 On the road to Paris A GLOBAL DEAL IS OUR BUSINESS KEY MESSAGES 1 2 3 A legally-binding agreement with comparable mitigation efforts from major economies is the best mechanism
Report of the Conference of the Parties on its thirteenth session, held in Bali from 3 to 15 December 2007
UNITED NATIONS Distr. GENERAL FCCC/CP/2007/6/Add.1 * 14 March 2008 Original: ENGLISH CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES Report of the Conference of the Parties on its thirteenth session, held in Bali from 3 to
GLOBAL ALLIANCE FOR CLIMATE-SMART AGRICULTURE (GACSA) FRAMEWORK DOCUMENT Version 01 :: 1 September 2014 I Vision 1. In today s world there is enough food produced for all to be well-fed, but one person
Panel Remarks by Mr Mmboneni Muofhe, GEO Principal Alternate, Deputy Director General, Department of Science and Technology, South Africa
+ United Nations FCCC/CP/2015/L.9/Rev.1 Distr.: Limited 12 December 2015 Original: English Conference of the Parties Twenty-first session Paris, 30 November to 11 December 2015 Agenda item 4(b) Durban
Forest Day 3 Sunday, 13 December 2009 Radisson Blu Falconer Hotel and Conference Center Copenhagen, Denmark Coinciding with UNFCCC COP 15
Forest Day 3 Sunday, 13 December 2009 Radisson Blu Falconer Hotel and Conference Center Copenhagen, Denmark Coinciding with UNFCCC COP 15 The speech given by Dr Gro Harlem Brundtland, United Nations Special
Implementation of the FDES 2013 and the Environment Statistics Self-Assessment Tool (ESSAT) 6. Protection, Management and Engagement 2. Resources and their Use 5. Human Settlements and Health 1. Conditions
April 2015 C 2015/31 E. Thirty-ninth Session. Rome, 6-13 June 2015. Global Soil Partnership - World Soil Charter
April 2015 C 2015/31 E CONFERENCE Thirty-ninth Session Rome, 6-13 June 2015 Global Soil Partnership - World Soil Charter Executive Summary The FAO Conference adopted the World Soil Charter (WSC) at its
1 SECTION POLYVINYL CHLORIDE PIPE, AWWA C900/C905 PART 1 GENERAL 1.01 SUMMARY A. Section Includes: 1. Furnish and install AWWA C900 PVC, DR 18 for 4 through 12 size and AWWA C905 PVC, DR 25 for 14 and larger polyvinyl chloride piping as indicated on the Drawings, including all required jointing materials, fittings, restrained joint fittings, and other appurtenances indicated, specified, or required for a complete installation including testing. Provide locating wire on all OVC pipe 4 and larger. B. Related Sections: 1. Section Submittal Procedures 2. Section Earthwork 3. Section Systems Disinfection and VOC Testing 1.02 REFERENCES A. AWWA C900: Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) Pressure Pipe and Fabricated Fittings, 4 in. through 12 in., for Water Distribution. B. AWWA C905: Polyvinyl Chloride (PVC) Pressure Pipe and Fabricated Fittings, 14 in. through 48 in., for Water Transmission and Distribution SUBMITTALS A. Submit in accordance with Section Submittal Procedures. 1. Layouts: a. Submit detailed installation drawings of piping, including fittings. b. Submit descriptive data to show that the following items conform to requirements of the Specifications.: 1) Pipe, fittings, and accessories. 2) Pipe couplings. 2. Submit certified test reports. a. Affidavit of compliance certifying: 1) all tests have been conducted. 2) all materials comply with applicable standards. 3) all materials comply with these specifications. b. Retain test information and make available to Resident Engineer on request
2 1.04 QUALITY ASSURANCE A. Source Quality Control: 1. Identification marks: Clearly and permanently mark each length of pipe, including couplings and short lengths, with pipe size, class, type, test pressure and manufacturer s name. B. Testing: 1. Sample and test all materials in accordance with AWWA C900 and C Pipe not manufactured in the United States to be tested by an approved laboratory within the United States PRODUCT DELIVERY, STORAGE, AND HANDLING A. Exercise care in transporting and handling to avoid damage to pipe and fittings. B. Store materials on site in enclosures or under protective coverings. C. Do not store materials directly on the ground. D. Keep inside of pipes and fittings free of dirt and debris, in accordance with City Standards. PART 2 PRODUCTS 2.01 MATERIALS A. Pipe: 1. AWWA C900 and C905, Class 200 PVC, dimension ratio (DR) 18, cast iron equivalent OD, material cell classification B per ASTM D1784. B. Joint Couplings: 1. PVC sleeve and two sealing rings. 2. Integrally cast bell and one sealing ring. 3. Rubber rings: ASTM D Fully restrain all bell joints. C. Fittings: a. JCM Sur-Grip Model 620 or EBBA Iron Series Gray iron: ANSI A21.10, 250 psi. 2. Ductile iron: ANSI A21.10, 350 psi. 3. Joints: a. Mechanical joints: ANSI A21.11 b. All mechanical joints shall be fully restrained. c. JCM Model 610 Sur-Grip Fitting Restrainer or EBBA Iron Series 2000PV
3 D. Coatings: 1. Heavy coal tar MIL-C-18480, Koppers 505 Bitumastic, Tnemec 476 Super Tnemecal, Porter Tarmastic 101, or equal. E. Lubricants: As recommended by the pipe manufacturer. F. Locating Wire: 1. Locating wire No. 10 AWG. PART 3 EXECUTION 3.01 INSPECTION A. Examine areas for: 1. Structural defects 2. Cracks and breaks 3. Deviations beyond allowable tolerances for pipe clearances. 4. Damage which penetrates deeper than 10% of pipe wall thickness as per awwa PREPARATION A. Shape trench foundation or bedding as required. 1. Dig bell or coupling holes. 2. Do not support pipe on blocks or mounds of earth INSTALLATION A. General: 1. Install pipe in accordance with AWWA C900 and C905 as modified herein or on the Drawings. 2. Perform all laying and jointing in Resident Engineer s presence. 3. Remove any identified defective material from the site as directed by the Resident Engineer. 4. Provide restrained joints at all deflections greater than 11-1/4 degrees unless otherwise noted on the Drawings. 5. Any damage greater than 10% wall thickness shall not be allowed in accordance with AWWA standards. B. Cutting: 1. Per pipe maufacturer s recommendations. 2. Do not fracture pipe, split ends, or leave ragged uneven edges. 3. Smooth cut ends to proper dimensions. 4. Bevel all field cuts 45degrees as per awwa
4 5. Provide metallic locating wire for all buried PVC pipe. Wire must daylight at each fitting in accordance with City Standards. C. Pipe Laying in Trenches: 1. Inspect pipe and accessories for defects before lowering into trench. 2. Repair or replace any defective, damaged, or unsound pipe. 3. Remove all foreign matter and dirt from the inside of pipe before laying. 4. Carefully lower pipe, fittings, valves, and accessories into the trench with derricks, ropes, and other suitable equipment to prevent damage. 5. Do not dump or drop pipe or accessories into the trench. 6. Lay to lines and grades indicated on the Drawings and specified. a. Closely joint to form a smooth flow line. b. Immediately before placing pipe, check bedding for firmness and uniformity of surface. c. Minimum length of pipe that can be used without exceeding the allowable curvature of pipe shall be determined. d. Maximum curvature of pipe as recommended by the manufacturer. e. Deflection at joint: As recommended by the manufacturer. f. If grade is not shown on Drawings, install pipe at smooth grade between elevations shown to allow drainage of pipe. 7. Utilize implements, tools, and facilities recommended by the manufacturer. 8. Keep inside of pipe clean during and after laying. 9. Close all open ends with watertight expandable pipe plugs for potable water application: a. At the end of each day s operations. b. Whenever pipe ends are left unattended. c. Deposit adequate backfill on pipe to prevent flotation. d. Do not use wood, burlap or other similar temporary plugs. 10. Remove and re-lay any pipe which has floated. 11. Do not lay pipe when: D. Jointing: a. There is water in the trench. b. Trench conditions are unsuitable. c. Weather conditions are unsuitable. 1. Assemble in accordance with the manufacturer s instructions
5 2. Wipe gasket and gasket seat clean before inserting gasket. 3. Lubricate the gasket and the outside of the clean pipe end. 4. Utilize an assembly tool as recommended by the manufacturer to center the sleeve over the pipe end. 5. Force the pipe into the collar. 6. Check gasket location after assembly with a suitable gauge. E. Fittings: a. Pipe shall be marked with a stab depth line to allow visual confirmation of correct installation. b. Gasket locations to be the distance from the sleeve end recommended by the coupling manufacturer for their full circumference. c. If not within the required limits, disassemble and reassemble the joint. 1. Install utilizing standard methods. 2. Lower into trench with rope, cable, chain or other means to prevent damage. 3. Attach rope, cable or chain around the exterior of fittings. Do not attach through the interior of fitting. 4. Carefully connect to pipe or other facility. 5. Check joint to ensure a sound and proper joint. F. Encasement: 1. Provide as indicated on the Drawings or as directed by the Resident Engineer. 2. Suitably support and block pipe and anchor against flotation. G. Corrosion Control: 1. Coat all steel clamp rods, bolts, fittings and other metal accessories used in anchorages or joint harness subject to submergence or contact with the earth and not concrete encased. 2. Apply two (2) coats of coal tar paint to clean, dry metal surfaces. 3. Allow the first coat to dry and harden before applying the second coat. H. Polyethylene Field wrap of all valves, fittings, joints, and connections: 1. Wrap all buried valves, flanges, couplings, fittings, joints and other mechanical pipe connections in two layers of polyethylene encasement per AWWA C105. Extend layers of polyethylene to overlap cement mortar coating (where applicable) and tape edges of polyethylene wrap with at least two circular wraps of PVC tape. I. Direct tapping of PVC not permitted. Saddles are required
6 3.04 FIELD QUALITY CONTROL A. Pressure Test: 1. Test in accordance with AWWA C605 as modified herein. 2. Provide all tools, pumps, fill points, gages, meters, temporary valves and bulkheads, bracing and other equipment required for testing. 3. Conduct the test with the trench completely backfilled. 4. Procedure: 3.05 Disinfection a. Test line in sections of 2,500 feet or less. b. Fill with water and allow to stand under slight pressure for at least 24 hours. c. Expel all air from line. d. Inspect for leakage and repair any leaks. e. Raise the pressure to 220 psi for water mains or 50 psi for drain conduits and hold by water addition for at least 1 hour. f. Allow line to stand for 1 hour without water addition and accurately record the quantity required. 5. If the quantity of water added to the line exceeds the value in Table 3 of AWWA C605, or should leaks otherwise be noted, locate the leaks, rework the line and retest. A. Disinfect all water piping per the requirements of Section 11201, Systems Disinfection and VOC Testing. B. Pipe will be flushed at 5 feet per second for three pipe volumes prior to disinfection. **END OF SECTION**
6.01 SCOPE The work covered by this section of the specifications consists of the furnishing of all plant, labor, materials, equipment and supervision and performing all operations involved in the construction
SECTION 02630 PART 1 - GENERAL 1.01 DESCRIPTION A. Section includes specifications for storm drainage systems including modifications and connections to existing storm drainage systems. 1.02 REFERENCE
SECTION 15056 PART 1 GENERAL 1.01 DESCRIPTION This section includes materials and installation of ductile-iron pipe and fittings for potable and recycled water systems. A written request to use Ductile
The work of this Section includes furnishing and installing Reinforced Concrete Pressure Pipe as shown on the Drawings and as specified.
Section 33 0200- Page 1 of 4 PART 1 - GENERAL 1.1 DESCRIPTION OF WORK The work of this Section includes furnishing and installing Reinforced Concrete Pressure Pipe as shown on the Drawings and as specified.
Section C-1 Pipes and Fittings C1.00 Work Included The work under this Division of the Specifications shall include all labor, materials, and equipment necessary to furnish and install all piping, pipelines,
A. Contractor shall furnish, to the Engineer, all materials certifications available from the manufacturer for all required materials.
SECTION 603 SANITARY SEWER FORCE MAINS 1. GENERAL Pipelines for sanitary sewer force main systems shall conform to the following specifications and shall be installed at the locations indicated on the
PART 1 - GENERAL 1.1 DESCRIPTION A. The WORK under this Section includes providing all labor, materials, tools and equipment necessary for furnishing and installing sanitary sewer pipe, in accordance with
SECTION 02110 - ASBESTOS CEMENT PIPE REPAIRS, DEMOLITION, AND DISPOSAL PART 1 - GENERAL 1.1 WORK INCLUDED IN THIS SECTION A. The WORK of this Section includes the repair, demolition, and disposal of asbestos
AIR RELEASE, CLEANOUT, AND SEWER MANHOLES **From Hartford IM BLDG(10) DESCRIPTION. This work shall consist of the construction of air release, cleanout, and sanitary sewer manholes; and the furnishing
SECTION 33 12 19 FIRE HYDRANTS PART 1: GENERAL 1.01 SCOPE A. Fire hydrants. B. Adjustment of fire hydrants and gate valves. 1.02 SUBMITTALS A. Conform to requirements of Section 01 33 00 - Submittals.
SECTION 2400 SANITARY SEWER LINES 1.00 GENERAL 1.01 Scope. Work under this section shall include furnishing all materials, labor and tools necessary to perform all installation, cleaning and testing of
SECTION LS 2530 SANITARY SEWERS. A. General: Submit the following in accordance with The General Conditions.
State of Illinois Department Of Transportation CONSTRUCTION INSPECTOR S CHECKLIST FOR STORM SEWERS While its use is not required, this checklist has been prepared to provide the field inspector a summary
32-02.05 Precast Manhole Sections and Castings. These items shall conform to Section 31, "Storm Drain Installation," of these Standard Provisions.
SECTION 32: SANITARY SEWER INSTALLATION 32-01 SCOPE. The Work shall consist of furnishing and installing sewer mains, manholes, laterals, cleanout fittings and appurtenances; and testing, flushing and
1.3.2 Method of construction and restoration of existing water service connections. This shall include:
SECTION 8 AMERICAN Flanged Pipe The principal standards covering Flanged Pipe are ANSI/AWWA C115/A21.15 and ANSI/AWWA C110/A21.10. These and other standards are referenced throughout this Section either
3. Contractor shall ensure that all permits are obtained prior to any construction. Contractor shall be responsible for all utility fees.
The following shall serve as the minimum requirements for contractors performing work in relation to the Authority s potable water and sanitary sewer system(s), appurtenances and service connections. General:
SECTION 02763 POINT REPAIRS TO SANITARY SEWERS. A. Repairs to existing sewer lines by replacing short lengths of failed pipe.
SECTION 02763 PART 1 G E N E R A L 1.01 SECTION INCLUDES A. Repairs to existing sewer lines by replacing short lengths of failed pipe. 1.02 UNIT PRICES A. Measurement for point repairs is on a unit price
Technical Note PP 811-TN PE Flange Connections Flange Connection Flanged joints are made using a DriscoPlex Flange Adapter that is fused to the pipe then joined to a mating flange adapter or a mating appurtenance
SECTION 221413 FACILITY STORM DRAINAGE PIPING PART 1 - GENERAL 1.01 RELATED DOCUMENTS A. Drawings and general provisions of the Contract, including General and Supplementary Conditions and Division 01
SECTION 807 PUMP STATION REHABILITATION 807-1 DESCRIPTION: Rehabilitation of pump stations shall be defined as the cleaning, removal, repair and/or replacement of any and/or all components including but
ASTM C76, Class III, Wall B, except as modified herein. Clean natural sand, ASTM C33. Artificial or manufactured sand will not be permitted.
SECTION 3000 - SANITARY SEWERS 3001 SCOPE. This section applies to sanitary sewer construction and shall consist of furnishing all labor, materials, and equipment for the complete installation of sewers
SECTION 33 41 13 PUBLIC STORM PART 1 - GENERAL 1.01 SECTION INCLUDES A. Storm drainage piping, fittings, and accessories at proposed station areas and locations other than under and immediately adjacent
September 2013 Page 1 of 21 Part 1 General 1.1 DESCRIPTION OF WORK.1 The work described herein shall consist of the construction of sewers including: the supply and installation of pipe, saddles, tees,
WATER MAIN CONSTRUCTION TECHNIQUES Overview Water Main - Materials Specifications Installation Future? Water Main Materials Material Types There are various material types used for water mains, these include:
ITEM NO. 1100 SLIP-LINING SANITARY SEWERS 1100.1 DESCRIPTION: This item shall consist of slip-lining sanitary sewer pipe, which is accomplished by pulling or pushing liner pipe into existing sewers by
SECTION 02601 PART 1 GENERAL 1.1 DESCRIPTION A. The WORK under this Section includes providing all labor, materials, tools and equipment necessary for furnishing and installing buried water pipe and fittings,
PART 1 GENERAL 1.1 SCOPE: A. This item includes the work necessary for the construction and installation of sanitary sewer manholes. B. The Contractor may, at his option, use cast-in-place type manholes,
Restrained Joint Ductile Iron Pipe and Fittings For FIRE PROTECTION, Water & Wastewater P 2 Table of Contents Field Cutting and Welding Procedure 3 Materials and Equipment 4 8 Field Cutting and Welding
Specification for Pipe Bursting Gravity Sewer Mains with HDPE Pipe 1. GENERAL The following supplemental sewer main specifications are intended to address the installation of high-density polyethylene
Texas Commission on Environmental Quality Organized Sewage Collection System General Construction Notes 1. This Organized Sewage Collection System must be designed and constructed in accordance with the
402.02 Section 402. STORM SEWERS 402.01. Description. This work consists of constructing storm sewers of the size and class required, including excavation, bedding, and backfill. 402.02. Materials. Provide
SECTION 31 20 00 PART 1 - GENERAL 1.01 DESCRIPTION A. This Section describes the requirements for excavating, filling, and grading for earthwork at Parking Structure, new exit stair and as required to
SECTION 02612 PART 1 GENERAL 1.1 SUMMARY A. Section Includes: Furnishing and installing nonreinforced concrete sewer pipe. Provide concrete sewer pipe less than 12 inches in diameter, and in other sizes
STANDARDS AND CONSTRUCTION MANUAL : Reclaimed water Pipes, Valves, and Appurtenances February 11, 2011 PART 1 - GENERAL 1.01 SCOPE OF WORK A. These specifications cover the pipes, fittings, and appurtenances
Fire Hydrant Troubleshooting Pulsation or chatter during opening and flow of water from hydrant. Loose condition in stem at lower valve plate nut. Tighten lower valve plate nut and secure with SS lock
SECTION 15200 GRAVITY SANITARY SEWERS. A. Gravity sanitary sewers and appurtenances, including stacks and service connections.
SECTION 15200 GRAVITY SANITARY SEWERS PART 1 GENERAL.01 SCOPE A. Gravity sanitary sewers and appurtenances, including stacks and service connections..02 SUBMITTALS A. Conform to requirements of Section
1.0 GENERAL 1.1 DESCRIPTION This section addresses the procedures to be employed for pipe bursting existing water/sewer pipelines, as identified on the drawings, and replacing with new Restrained Joint
CLEANING, INSPECTION, AND TESTING OF SEWERS PART 1 - GENERAL 1.01 SECTION INCLUDES A. Cleaning, Inspecting, and Testing Sanitary Sewers B. Cleaning, Inspecting, and Testing Storm Sewers C. Cleaning and
SECTION IV - TESTS AND INSPECTIONS PART 1 - GENERAL 1.01 Testing - General Testing shall be of the type and frequency described in each section and summarized in Item 1 of this section. In addition to
Suggested Specifications: Steel Pipe for Water Transmission. Suggested Specifications - Steel Pipe for Water Transmisssion Cement-mortar Lined and Tape Coated PART 1 - GENERAL 1.01 Description Scope of
PVC Installation and Tapping For Potable Water and Sanitary Sewer Handling and Installation Practices Manual Table of Contents Introduction...1 Shipping and Handling...1 Handling and storage of pipe and
1 No Sax Please - We're Egyptian 6 September 1988 In the very first episode, Count Duckula, Igor and Nanny travel to ancient Egypt in an attempt to recover an ancient artifact known as The Mystic Saxophone but the Crow Brothers try to foil their plans.
2 Vampire Vacation 13 September 1988 Von Goosewing makes his debut as Duckula travels to Spain to meet his arsonist cousin and fights the deadliest bull in Spain.
3 One Stormy Night 20 September 1988 Chaos looms in the castle, as Goosewing's Frankenstein monster awakens, Nanny hides in the attic, Duckula seeks a snack, Igor gets lost and a stone replicore of Duckula's ancestor is resurrected, on One Stormy Night!
4 Transylvanian Homesick Blues 27 September 1988 Duckula, Igor and Nanny (along with Dr Tyme) take a rollercoaster ride through time...Literally!
5 Restoration Comedy 4 October 1988 Bored with the look of the castle, Duckula hires a designer to redecorate the castle with Goosewing not too far behind...
6 Mutinous Penguins 11 October 1988 Lost in the Arctic seas, Duckula, Igor and Nanny must survive bloodthirsty pirates, defrosted Vikings and Dr Von Goosewing in order to find their home.
7 Dr. Von Goosewing's Invisible Ray 18 October 1988 Dr Von Goosewing, along with his new invisible ray, invades the castle in another attempt to kill Duckula with hysterical results!
8 Down Under Duckula 25 October 1988 While in Australia, Duckula accidentally sells the clock to a wallaby owner and must retrieve it before dawn rises in Transylvania.
9 All In A Fog 1 November 1988 Inspired to be a detective, Duckula travels to England to solve a mystery, filled with old criminals (literally!) a homage to Sherlock Holmes and Goosewing's Fog Machine.
10 Castle Duckula: Open to the Public 8 November 1988 Duckula decides to hold an open day at Castle Duckula and Goosewing tries out his latest invention in his easiest attempt to kill Duckula but it ends in disaster as usual and Duckula's tea party ends with a foodfight and Igor getting hit by a custard pie filled with cornetto Ice cream inside.
11 The Ghost of McCastle McDuckula 15 November 1988 Duckula, Igor and Nanny, on holiday in Scotland hope to stay at the Glen Sparrows Hotel but Igor has other ideas like visiting Rory McDuckula at his haunted castle and chaos ensures with Nanny hitting Igor instead of the ball on the Golf course and Goosewing trying to blast McDuckula with his bagpipe vampire blaster.
12 Igor's Busy Day 22 November 1988 An engaged couple spent the night in Castle Duckula, allowing Igor to relive his good old days.
13 Autoduck 29 November 1988 Duckula tries (with many failed attempts) to create a world record for the world's fastest car. The Crow Brothers make their second appearance.
14 The Vampire Strikes Back 6 December 1988 Duckula collects enough Crunchie Nut tokens to collect a Space explorers helmet and in space, he meets his hero, Tremendous Terence.
15 Hardluck Hotel 13 December 1988 Duckula goes to stay at a worn out and run down hotel for the weekend but he has cash problems and ends up doing all the work for the manager (inspired by the character Basil Fawlty in 'Fawlty Towers') unaware that Igor and Nanny are also staying there.
16 The Hunchbudgie of Notre Dame 20 December 198 Duckula, Igor and Nanny are involved in a series of art thefts in Paris mainly because of Gaston & Pierre who have the deeds to the castle. It's up to Duckula & Igor and the Police to solve the mystery.
17 Dear Diary 3 January 1989 Duckula and Goosewing discover their grandfathers' diaries, and history is sure to repeat itself!
18 Rent a Butler 10 January 1989 Duckula sells Igor and Nanny to an agency to make some money. All goes well, until he is invited to dinner to the house where Igor and Nanny are serving. What will happen?!
19 Jungle Duck 24 January 1989 Duckula wins a set of encyclopedias and he, Igor and Nanny travel to the jungles of darkest Africa to find the Lost Temple. When Duckula finds what he thinks is the temple, he gets a nasty shock when he discovers he has ended up back at Castle Duckula and knows he'll never find it when the castle goes into return mode. When the castle returns to Transylvania, Duckula said: 'I hate you! I hate you!' to the castle.
20 Mobile Home 31 January 1989 Thinking he is rebuliding the castle, Duckula accidentally sells it to The Crow Brothers in disguise, brick by brick!
21 A Fright at the Opera 7 February 1989 A homage to The Phantom of the Opera, as Nanny is kidnapped by The Phantom and Duckula must save her. But where is Igor...?
22 Dr. Goosewing and Mr. Duck 14 February 198 Goosewing creates a formula where when drunk, the victim becomes the complete opposite of their original selves. Duckula and Goosewing=Vampires, Igor=kind and caring and Nanny-intelligent.
23 Town Hall Terrors 21 February 1989 Duckula goes to the Town Hall to get a grant for his crumbling castle but he ends up having a railway running through the castle.
24 Sawdust Ring 28 February 1989 Duckula, Igor and Nanny join the circus, only (in the end) to bring the house down (literally!) with their acts and two evil ex-performers, Maurice and Charlie.
25 Duck and the Broccoli Stalk 7 March 1989 Thanks to Goosewing's vegetable grower, Duckula, Igor and Nanny find themselves up a broccoli-stalk and into a giant's castle.
Duckula is chosen to host the family reunion but he does not like it one bit as he knows that his relatives will kill him if they discover that he's not a real vampire. He disguises himself and visits Von Goosewing to order to get rid of his rotten relatives. Unfortunately, the plan fails after several attempts to enter the castle and on the sixth attempt, Igor sees them and after Goosewing finds out that Duckula was with him he said to Duckula 'You fiend! You monster!!' before stabbing Nanny with his stake. Goosewing then ran out of the castle and fell off the cliff. Duckula was pleased when Igor told him his relatives had gone but blew up after Igor told him that they were coming back after seven days.
1 Ghostly Gold 12 September 1989 Duckula travels to the black mountains in the Yukon to find treasure and gold, only later to find out from Igor that everyone in Abergoldwye were all ghosts. After Nanny carelessly bangs the doors too hard, the Castle later collapses and falls down sending everything in the castle right to the bottom of the hill. This was because Von Goosewing (unseen by Duckula) was drilling through the hill to find Duckula unseen.
2 Ducknapped 19 September 1989 A ransom note is sent to Castle Duckula saying that Count Duckula has been kidnapped, even though he's still in the castle. The two young men who sent it try to revert their mistakes but kidnap Dr Von Goosewing by mistake. Duckula then lets them 'kidnap' him, but they soon regret it, and Nanny and Igor spend all of the ransom money.
3 The Lost Valley 26 September 1989 Duckula, Igor and Nanny go to watch a film called 'The Lost Valley'.
4 Incredible Shrinking Duck 3 October 1989 Von Goosewing tries shinking the Castle to put in a glass snowglobe model but chaos ensures.
5 Hi-Duck 10 October 1989 Duckula, Igor and Nanny take an airplane to Nice, which gets hi-jacked by the bumbling French crooks, Gaston and Pierre. Duckula foils them inadvertently, but has to return to Transylvania to serve as a witness in a trial against the French duo.
6 Prime-Time Duck 17 October 1989 Transylvanian Television arrive at the castle to feature it in a Television programme much to Igor's misery. Duckula is excited about it until the producer and presenter choose Igor to play the count and Nanny as a countess. Duckula is chosen to play all the servants. This causes trouble for Duckula later as he is booted out of his own castle. Duckula said to Nanny and Igor: 'I've only got one thing to say to you and that is "arrraaggh!!"'.
7 Bloodsucking Fruit Bats of the Lower Amazon 24 October 1989 After Fang the Bat's (or as Nanny and Duckula call him, 'Fluffykins') training by Igor as a blood-sucking bat is ruined by a preferred taste for choccy-biccies, Igor tricks Duckula into sending the castle to the Lower Amazon in order to find another bat to train into a vampire bat. With helicopter pilot Elvyra Bonboodle in tow, they find themselves in the grasp of a female Amazonian tribe, the 'Tana-pana-nuna-wana-khanahs', who all bear a striking resemblance to Nanny!
8 The Count and the Pauper 31 October 1989 Duckula is sick of life at the castle and plans to leave Beckindale, only to bump into Sid Quack, an old pal of his, a farmer. The two swap jobs for a few months but both soon tire of their new roles and plan on returning to their old jobs but unfortunately for Duckula, his plan to get back in the castle backfires after the secret entrance is blocked off and Igor thinks he is an imposter and tells him to go away. Sid then says: 'LET ME OUT,LET ME OUT!!', Duckula then says: 'LET ME IN,LET ME IN!!', Duckula then screams over Beckindale.
9 In Arctic Circles 7 November 1989 Duckula travels to the North Pole and fires Igor for a penguin butler called Jyves. Igor, meanwhile hires Von Goosewing to shoot Jyves and his eight other cousins to rid Duckula of these new found workers.
10 Transylvanian Take-Away 14 November 1989 Gaston and Pierre and Von Goosewing, in disguise over the phone, at a local takeaway food shop in Beckindale, break into Castle Duckula to steal two vases which are later revealed as fakes but Igor sees them and throws the three of them out by kicking them through the castle doors really hard. The three of them challenge Duckula, Igor and Nanny by beating them to a museum to find the real ones later that day but end up getting arrested by the Irish Police, the Garda.
11 Who Dunnit? 21 November 1989 A letter arrives at Castle Duckula sent by Chatham, Cheetam and Runn, lawyers in London, announcing the sad passing of the seventh Duke Of Mallardborough, murdered in unusual circumstances. Duckula, Igor and Nanny fly the castle to Henheim Palace where the contents of the Duke's Will will be read. Among others attending the reading are Miss Marbles and Hercules Parrot (obvious parodies of Agatha Christie's characters!), Aunt Rose Madders, Willoughby Stane and screen starlet Lyvinia Lavender. At the reading, to the horror of everyone, it is revealed that the Duke's murder was committed by someone in the room! With the palace gates locked, everyone suspects everyone who may have been responsible for the Duke's murder. Ultimately, Duckula fails to recall his whereabouts on the night of the murder and confessing to the Duke's murder finds himself in the dock! (or should be say 'duck'?!)
14 Mississippi Duck 12 December 1989 Count Duckula and his servants travel onto a steamboat in the River Mississippi, where he tries to become a jazz trumpet player. However, this wasn't what everyone else on the boat had in mind...
16 Mysteries of the Wax Museum 2 January 1990 Whilst visiting London, Duckula, Igor and Nanny bypass the famous Madame Tussauds in favour of visiting Dr. Matrix's Wax Museum. Upon meeting the famous threesome, Dr. Matrix seizes the opportunity to produce animatronic models of Duckula, Igor and Nanny for exhibiting to the public, and as usual, Igor is not cool with the idea. In fact, Dr. Matrix is pure evil, as he intends to programme the robots to rob the Bank Of England. With the robots brought to life, the inevitable confusion between the real and fake Duckula, Igor and Nanny ensues, especially to the eyes of the famous detective Hawkeye Solmes and his assistant Dr. Potson, who are assigned to investigate the robbery. Duckula, Igor and Nanny got stranded in London when the castle went without them. Duckula said: 'The stupid, idiotic, crumbking, useless, arrrrrraaagghhh!!'
17 Return of the Curse of the Secret of the Mummy's Tomb Meets Franken Duckula's Monster ... 9 January 1990 Duckula is chased by an alien cabbage, a werewolf, a mummy, Frakenstein's monster, Von Goosewing, and some angry villagers. He flies the castle away from Transylvania to escape his pursuers to an island near Scotland but he gets eaten for a monsters breakfast.
18 The Lost City of Atlantis 16 January 1990 Count Duckula and co. are stuck on a tiny island, which transforms into a pod that takes them deep down the ocean into the lost City of Atlantis and they're not very well welcomed by its people or its apathetic King.
19 Bad Luck Duck 23 January 1990 Duckula experiences some real bad luck on Friday the 13th. The next day Duckula read the Newspaper at breakfast and Friday the 13th had come round again after the printers put the wrong date on the paper. Duckula lost his temper with Igor and fell out with him.
2 Astro Duck 29 October 1990 Duckula's new computer causes problems for TRASH and ends up landing the castle on the moon. Barry Clayton provided a funny closing narration at the end with 'as we say Goodnight Outthere, whatever you are, ha, ha, ha!!' with all the planets and moons surrounded by the darkness.
3 Unreal Estate 5 November 1990 Duckula is fed up with the Castle crumbling around him so he decides to sell it much to Igor's horror in Hollywood. But he unfortunately is stalked by Von Goosewing and his plan to start a new life away from the Castle is foiled by the castle returning to Transylvania at Dawn automatically. Duckula was really angry and upset when the castle returned to the hill.
7 The Great Ducktective 3 December 1990 Goosewing tries to frame Duckula for a relative's murder with the help of Detectives Soames & Potson.
10 A Christmas Quacker 24 December 1990 Duckula is visited by both Father Christmas and Von Goosewing at the Castle on Christmas Day.
11 The Rest is History 7 January 1991 Duckula travels back in time to stop the first Count Duckula from becoming a vampire.
13 Mystery Cruise 21 January 1991 Duckula is sat alone in the castle waiting for Nanny's favourite TV show "Super duper double drachma deal" to start. Igor moans that Duckula would rather watch TV with Nanny than stalk the castle ramparts, however Nanny doesn't appear and it turns out that she is on the show. Somehow Nanny blunders through winning a cruise for three aboard the luxury liner "The Transylvania Tania". She would like to take her sister and her niece Primrose, but ends up with Duckula and Igor accompanying her. After various mishaps involving Duckula opening the cabin porthole and Nanny taking a turn at steering the ship (Oh heck), the party come down for breakfast the next day and find the ship apparently deserted. Igor comments on the similarities with the Mary Celeste mystery and they set out to search the ship not realizing that they are being followed by the captain and the passengers all of whom have gone into hiding to get away from Nanny. Failing to find anyone else aboard, Duckula announces that they'll take a lifeboat and row to the shore. With Nanny on the oars, they power along only to hear cheering and see fireworks coming from the liner which promptly makes for the open sea. Duckula Igor and Nanny remain adrift leading into "The lost city of atlantis".
(Thames Television ceased broadcasting on New Year's Eve 1992 to be replaced by Carlton Television. After 1992, Thames became an independent producer, and now they're Talkback Thames owned by Fremantle Media and Pearson and Talkback Studios). (When the third DVD boxset was released in the UK by Fremantle Media, the seven episodes which make up Series 4, were added to Series 3, to complete the series).
1 Around the World in a Total Daze 5 January 1993 Von Goosewing, with the help of world famous explorer Sibellious Smogg, challenges Duckula to a race around the world. Goosewing cheats and Duckula wins after stranding Goosewing and Smogg at the North Pole after Nanny untied the rope to Goosewing's balloon which was attached to the castle. (This episode saw the last appearance of Von Goosewing.)
2 Manhattan Duck 12 January 1993 Castle Duckula mistakedly lands in the middle of New York, on top of all places, a department store, and Count Duckula makes a bit of money by selling the contents of the house. The only problem is getting back; the clock, an important part of the castle's travelling mechanism, has been sold too!
3 Alps-A-Daisy 19 January 1993 Duckula tries to impress the nanny fan club by winning all the winter sports.
5 Venice a Duck Not a Duck 2 February 1993 In Venice, the Egg plans to get his revenge on Duckula by asking all his adversaries from the past barring Von Goosewing, to plan a nasty end for the count, only it doesn't work. The crow brothers end up being thrown back to London after being thrown over St Paul's Cathedral.
6 A Mountie Always Gets His Duck 9 February 1993 Duckula travels to Canada to become a Mountie and to help an old friend, Geoffrey to arrest and lock up a French villain on the run. But it as usual ends in disaster.
7 The Zombie Awakes 16 February 1993 Dr Quackbrain (voiced by Barry Clayton, the narrator) lures Duckula to his dream machine for his greatest experiment. (Final episode).
The body of chain-saw operator Chandradat Hussein, 33, of Goed Bananen Land, East Canje, Berbice, was found hanging in a logging camp at Kurduni, Berbice River last Friday and police believed that he was murdered.A Port Mortem Examination was performed on the body today Monday August 26,Nike Air Max 95 Cheap, 2013, by Pathologist Dr. Vivekanand Brijmohan gave the cause of death as ligature strangulation.Police in a press statement yesterday the police said that diligent investigations led to the arrest of a prime suspect who is in custody assisting with the investigations.According to relatives,Wholesale NBA Jerseys, the man called ‘Deo’ was the eldest child of a single parent mother Narainea Chinoo called ‘Chandra’ of Lot13 Goed Bananen Land East Canje Berbice.He worked as a chain saw operator with the Bovelle concession at Kwakwani, Berbice River. According to his mother,Wholesale NFL China Jerseys, her son was on his second visit to the grant with his boss. The distraught woman stated that on the first trip,Sale NFL Jerseys, her son spent six weeks before returning home. He spent a few days before leaving on Sunday 18 on his second trip with his boss. The woman said that she was at home around 20:30 hours on Friday when she received a phone call from someone at Betsy Ground. The person just asked for her residence and the phone cut off. She immediately became worried and returned a call to the number.However, she decided to go where the person lives in the next village. While going,NBA Jerseys China, she met the caller on the way but she was reluctant to divulge any information.However the woman told her that her son was not feeling well and was in the hospital.After much insisting she was told that her son had hanged himself. She eventually doubted the information that her son would commit such an act. She said her son who was a former cane harvester, worked most of his life in the interior areas at various grants and concessions. She described him as a quiet,Off White Vapormax For Sale, loving and hard working person. The woman stated that she wants the police to do a proper investigation and get to the bottom of the matter. She felt that her son was murdered and his body hanged to indicate that he killed himself. The man leaves to mourn four brothers and other relatives and friends.
If you don’t know how the power of the Internet and how it can change people’s lives, this story will sur... More »
ارسال مطلب | جستجوی پیشرفته | پیوندها | درباره ما | نقشه سایت | تماس با ما | دوشنبه، 21 آبان 1397 - 23:45
Lucky Nugget Casino is one of the most reliable and trusted names in the gaming business. They have more than 400 games to select from like blackjack, video poker, roulette and online slots. Lucky Nugget casino features renowned slot games for those who want to play these games.
Welcome to the Lucky Nugget Casino Blog, home to fantastic slots promotions, reviews, customer offers and fun trivia we bet you did not know about online casinos!
Play for high and win big money wins at Lucky Nugget casino. Just become a happy cutomer of the high roller casino by Microgaming and appropriate special
Lucky Nugget Casino Review – Discover what Lucky Nugget offer players in 2016. Compare game play, software, bonuses and play 400+ slot and table games.
14.1 Risk and Hazard Assessment. The Lucky Nugget community is located twenty miles south of Elko near the South Fork State Recreation Area. The elevation of Lucky Nugget I & II is approximately 5,400 feet.
Lucky Nugget Casino review which includes exclusive bonus offers, unbiased player ratings and feedback. Licensed in Malta.
Legitimacy and Safety at Lucky Nugget Casino. The casino is licensed in Malta and is operated by the well-known Belle Rock Entertainment company.
Lucky Nugget Online Casino offers a selection of free online games and fast and efficient 24/7 Casino Support
Description The annual report of the Cleveland Heights Schools for the year 1920-1921. This also includes the annual report for the Cleveland Heights Public Library.
Search the definition and the translation in context for “honnir”, with examples of use extracted from real-life communication.
Text translation | Web Page Translation | French translation | Spanish translation | Italian translation | German translation | Russian translation | Chinese translation
Spanish verb conjugation | French verb conjugation | English verb conjugation | German verb conjugation | Hebrew verb Conjugation | Italian verb conjugation | Portuguese verb conjugation | Russian verb conjugation | Arabic verb conjugation
French Grammar | English grammar | English verb tenses | Conditionnal IF | Modal verbs in English | The parts of sentence in French | French syntax | Agreement rules in French | French punctuation | French spelling
I hope everyone is enjoying this rain and it hasn’t caused anyone problems. Hopefully the rain is filling your local training areas and you can get your dog’s back running those water setups on a regular basis.
On February 4th we held a training day out at Goose Lake in Lost hills and had a great turn out. Those who rolled the dice on the weather were treated to a beautiful day. Our next training day will be held in Creston in northern Slo County March 4th. For those of us going up to the CRTA super singles being held on Sunday March 5th, we will try to finish with enough time to get on the road and headed to Denverton to arrive there at a decent hour. For more info on the super singles you can go to www.crtaonline.com.
We also held a general membership meeting during the training day, there was no actionable items voted or decided on. Most of the topics were information only. Some of those topics where about the upcoming hunt test April 22, 23 and some of the job assignments we still need to be filled or done. If you’re looking to help please contact HT chairman Jason O. Smith. Other Items were the ongoing gun raffle we are holding to replace and repair some training equipment the club owns. Sales are going good and we still have tickets available. If you would like to purchase/ sell tickets please email pres@ccchrc.com or call Jason O. Smith.
Last big item is the AKC basic and advance judging seminar being held June 2,3 and 4th in Lost Hills. If you run hunt tests or are interested in running, this is a highly recommended seminar. You don’t have to be a judge or the desire to be one. You will learn what the rules are to clarify any questions you have while learning what the judges look for and how they score your dog. You can register on Entry Express, you will find it under seminars.
Other big news we are now a member club of Master National Retriever Club and Master Amateur Retriever Club. Our Calendar is pretty full with training days and events so hopefully there is something for everyone and dog. You can stay up to date and schedule accordingly by checking the events page regularly on our web page.
As always thank you for supporting and participating CCHRC. Also if you ever have concerns, ideas and suggestions for the club please contact one of the board of directors. This is your club, we want you to get what you and your dog needs out of it.
Scalar Technologies is a number one developer of non-Speak to, slender film thickness measurement devices that could be swiftly employed in a various variety of applications. Ideally suited to the measurement of clear films and coatings, the business presently
On that area, you will note Peninsula Tours guides with all your identify indicator along with the company emblem signal tables who is showing it.
Manavgat Green canyon jeep safari tour is undoubtedly an adranaline and enjoyable safari tour orginised by open up landrover jeeps in the Oymapınar dam(developed on Manavgat river h2o) region where by is known as Inexperienced canyon.
get the latest visa needs for the many nations around the world around the globe, visa Picture prerequisites, visa application types plus much more from visaapplicationrequirements.com .
dubai visas on the net giving dubai stop by visa and tourist visa service at affordable price. other kinds of dubai visa like tourist visa, vacations visa, check out visa and having said that, applying dubai visa online has usually been a straightforward choice for a lot of holiday seasons.
Personalised pressies provides personalised presents at outstandingly small prices. One thing truly special for that Distinctive event. For your free 10% discounted please subscribe to our publication.
The line to trip with vacation spot Russia is a protracted one: it takes many hours by means of educate. yet there isn't any time to be bored: the adventure is a continuing discovery unveiling the genuine essence of this notable kingdom via encounters with usual humans met in environments merely chilly in visual appeal yet which, actually, hot the guts.
Changing the terms of your loan can benefit you and maximize your monthly income. A lower monthly mortgage payment can help free-up money you can save, invest or use for other expenses. When rates are favorable, refinancing to a lower rate or longer-term mortgage can keep more money in your pocket every month.
You can also fill out our short application to see what rate you qualify for and obtain a pre-approval letter. Of course you can always call and speak to one of our loan consultants.
Our refinance calculator will help you to decide whether or not you should refinance your current mortgage at a lower interest rate. This calculator will calculate the monthly payment, net interest savings, and the time it will break even on the closing costs.
If you refinance the same loan term at a lower rate, you'll have lower monthly payments. Be sure to review the total interest paid on the amount you originally borrowed and the refinanced amount to ensure that you are comfortable with this overall expense.
If you convert from a 30-year to a 15-year fixed-rate mortgage, you will pay off your mortgage sooner, and pay less loan interest overall.
You can pay off your loan sooner without refinancing by simply making additional principal payments.
If you find you'll be living in your home longer, or if your ARM adjusts to a rate that's higher than current conventional mortgage rates, refinancing to a fixed-rate mortgage may make sense.
"I wanted to let you know how impressed I was with the job everyone did at your company. I have refinanced several times in the past and usually pick the company that has the lowest rates. Of course I did the same when I chose your company. However, this time I received great service to go with the low rate."
"I just wanted to thank you for constantly following up with me. The last time I refinanced it seemed as if I always had to follow up with the mortgage company. Thanks for staying on top of everything and keeping things moving forward."
"Your company was so much more professional then the last mortgage company I used. Every question I asked was answered honestly and accurately. I would recommend you to anyone."
My wonderful friend Tammy over at Country Girl at Home invited me to sit down with her on her amazing sun porch, have some cheesecake (yum) and coffee and just have a chat!
She is doing a really fun series called Sun Porch Chats and I was incredibly honored that she asked me to "chat" with her!
Thank you sweet Tammy for allowing me to open up my heart in such a fun way. I always love sharing about my family, adoption and our journey to the Lord! Hopefully, one of these days we can sit and visit (that's what we call it down here - hehe), share our hearts and our fav desserts, face to face. I am saving a rocker just for you:)
You may remember this post, this post was all about the wonderful video that was sent to us by another family whose son is in the same room as our XM.
She sent me the video of a fruit party she had sent to her son, to just let me see a bit more of the hospital and wouldn't ya know it, our precious XM just happen to be in that video and in that video a lot!
The Mom who sent it had no idea that our sweet girl was in that video but - He - knew and He sent us that video just when we needed it!
The Lord knew I was worried about her size and I was concerned that her CP might be making it difficult for her to eat, so what did He do??
Through this wonderful Mom, He calmed this Momma's heart by sending video of our XM eating and eating well, feeding herself and doing it with ease!
So, when this wonderful Mom emailed me to let me know that she was going to send another fruit party and that she had requested for our precious XM to be at the party, I was thrilled!!!!
However, about a week later, this wonderful Mom emailed me back to let me know that her adorable son, our XM's roomie and friend, had been moved back to his orphanage.
I was heartbroken for this child as he had been at this hospital for most of his life and I was heartbroken for XM as that was another friend that she had had to say good bye to and I was disappointed that my one connection to our daughter was gone and that we would not be getting any more video for a while - selfish - I know - but I was clinging to the hope of seeing her beautiful face again soon!
However, not long after this happened and in the midst of selfishly feeling sorry for myself, I received an email, totally out of the blue and from an unexpected source and guess what???
She looks so incredibly determined, even down to sticking that tongue out as she concentrates, just like someone else I know...
God is just so great and watching Him provide the way to bring our newest daughter home has been an amazing, faith-filled journey and while we are not there yet and while there are still unanswered prayers, through these struggles we are learning that He is always working for us, even when we don't see it, He is working.
We learn to cling to our blessings instead of our fears and we make sure that we are "putty in His hands," opening our hearts up to His plan for our lives...
and while it might get bumpier before it gets smoother, we have buckled up and are trying our best to enjoy the ride!
I now have wonderful waiting kids from Poland, Bulgaria, Colombia, the Dominican Republic, Taiwan and of course, China!
Well, back in July, my sweet bloggy friends Cherie (With Grateful Hearts) and Stephanie (Ni Hao Y'all) decided that they were going to completely bless us by posting about our situation and our fund raising efforts.
The wait was getting a bit harder as the days went by with no job, but the Lord's timing is just always so perfect.
You see, we did not know for sure just how much had been raised from those 2 beautiful posts, until...
A month after those 2 beautiful posts, just when we needed it, we finally knew just how much had been raised and when we found out, we understood just how much the Lord wanted us to know that He would bring our sweet girl home!
In a little less than a month, from those 2 beautiful posts, we had almost half of what we needed to bring our precious child home!
Three amazing families donated a large amount of money and while I have thanked 2 of those families, I do not know who the 3rd family is, so...
if your last name starts with an "S" and you donated a very generous amount of money to help bring our sweet daughter home and you are comfortable letting me know who you are, please email me!!! I would LOVE to be able to thank you personally.
Look at the birds of the air: they neither sow nor reap nor gather into barns, and yet your heavenly Father feeds them. Are you not of more value than they?
There is some family that you live no where near, don't talk to or see very often and wish that you really did live closer to, talked to and saw more often.
Stephanie is hubby's first cousin and while we have not seen her in a long while, I know that she and I share the same heart about a few things.
The Lord has moved sweet Stephanie's heart for our precious waiting child and she, much like I am imagining our XM to be, is very determined!
Not only has Stephanie devoted almost her entire FB page to our/her fund raising efforts, but she has created a separate fund raising site, Bring Xiaomeng Home, complete with videos, pics, stories of our family and facts and myths about cerebral palsy and China adoption!!!!
Not only is He providing for our sweet XM, through our wonderful cousin, Stephanie, but He is also providing a renewed relationship with a part of our family that we don't get to connect with very often.
Through the Lord's perfect plan, this tiny child who is a world away, has opened many eyes to the need, the need of all waiting children.
Thank you sweet Stephanie, thank you for having such a heart and thank you for allowing the Lord to provide - through YOU!
This child has touched my heart and the minute I saw her video, I knew I had to try all that I could to find this precious child's forever family.
To read her file and to watch her video is inspiring! All that this wonderful child has had to overcome! It is incredible to watch her face, beaming as she dances for the interviewers. Dancing and signing so beautifully and proudly.
How I would love to know that she would one day be able to dance for her Mom and Dad, for her face to beam at them as theirs beam back at her, for them to tell her how proud they are of her! Please consider this beautiful child before she looses that chance forever!
Her file states that, she also gives money to beggars on streets and makes birthday cards for foster parents when they celebrate their birthdays. It is said that she once cooked dishes for younger brother and sister and when the foster mother was sick and in the hospital and when her foster mother came home, she had already washed dishes and cleaned the floor. She also helped the younger sister take a shower and change clothes. The foster mother was deeply touched by this.
Praying this child finds her forever family!! Please watch her amazing video and have your heart moved!
Email me at 5puppies@comcast.net to review her file and please help to spread the word about beautiful Eliza!
OK, so as I sit here thinking about all the Lord has done and is doing for us, I honestly had to write it all down.
If you missed yesterday's post, go here, the first of my "Provisions" post series and catch up a bit!
As I look back over this summer, I can see the hand of God everywhere and yes, while He still has not provided a job for hubby - yet - He HAS provided and while I would so love for hubby to have a job, really I would (duh, as my kids would say), I don't know that we would have recognized these blessings, these provisions, had hubby been providing or that we would so clearly see just how fully He alone, is providing for this adoption.
The last time hubby was out of work, we learned to rely on Him and rely on Him daily, just as He provided manna in the desert, He provided our daily bread and in that time of struggle, provided our salvation!!
The girls were sleeping in my old queen size bed and that was fine for them as Lizzie liked being able to snuggle up with Em whenever she got scared....
Anyway, while this worked well for Em and Lizzie, it really would not work out so well for Em, Lizzie and XM and having slept with Lizzie on many occasions, I can tell you beyond a shadow of a doubt that while the bed was technically big enough for Em and her two "little" sisters, it was no where near big enough for the tornado that is Lizzie when she sleeps.
We really had no money to go out a buy another bed and while we did have an extra twin bed, I couldn't figure out how to make it fit comfortably in that room - with the queen bed.
I belong to a really great homeschooling group that posts about everything from curriculum, to prayer requests, to (you guessed it) furniture for sale.
So, I posted that I needed a bunk bed at a really great price! I figured I could easily get a bunk bed in that room with the twin that we had and still have room to move around!
Well, no sooner had I posted than a wonderful family answered and told me that they were selling all their furniture, selling their home, buying an RV and were taking their home schooling "on the road!"
When I think about 6 kiddos, 4 dogs and 2 ornery cats in an RV for longer than oh say about a minute or so...
when this family heard why we needed the bed, they reduced the price even more and threw in the mattresses as well!!!
When we got the bed it was red and in need of a little TLC but leave it to my handy hubby and the girls have a brand new....
So, in the midst of all of this, I happen to get an email from my amazing, wonderful friend, Stefanie over at Ni Hao Y'all telling me that an incredible family wanted to donate to us.
Melissa had read Stefanie's Birthday Post about us and decided that her family should donate to help us bring our sweet XM home.
Melissa wanted to donate the Ipad that they had won from another fund raising, adoptive family, only that adoptive family had been unable to ship the Ipad to this incredible family! Melissa told Stefanie, that the adoptive family tried and tried to ship the Ipad to her but it would just never ship and..
The adoptive family kindly offered to put $600 (the cost of the Ipad) into Melissa's paypal account but at that moment, Melissa knew that she was supposed to give that money to us and that this was why that Ipad was never able to be shipped!!
Now, I was getting all this through sweet Stefanie and did not know at that time who the adoptive family was who had held the Ipad fund raiser in the first place...
Shortly after that email from Stefanie, I got an email from my amazing bloggy friend, Jennifer who told me that she was the family that had held the Ipad fund raiser and that she was going to put $600 in my paypal account because the Lord had moved Melissa's heart for us and Melissa wanted us to be able to have our own Ipad fund raiser...
Now, you might think this story ends here and it could because in and of itself, it is an amazing story of how He provides through those who keep Him in their hearts but...
Sweet Jennifer, the adoptive family who had held the original Ipad fund raiser was raising money to bring two sweet babies home and...
one of those babies was beautiful Addyson who was being cared for at - the - same - rehabilitation hospital as our precious XM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Melissa had no idea that Jennifer's daughter, Addyson, (the child that she was originally moved to help by participating in Jennifer's Ipad fundraiser) was being cared for at the same exact hospital as the second child that she felt called to help - our XM!!!
Have you ever taken a leap of faith and had such a peace in your heart about it that you knew it would all be ok?
Have you ever taken a leap of faith and just knew that the Lord would not let you come crashing down?
and as we continue to trust in the Lord's safety net, we continue to see His blessings, His provision, His love for our family and our precious, waiting XM.
So far to date, a little over $15,000 has been raised and it is all because of the Lord and His call on so many hearts - YOUR hearts!
and while the Lord has confirmed for us over and over that our sweet girl is coming home, we are still waiting on Him to provide hubby with a job and that wait does get hard sometimes.
We really do trust, however, that He will provide and as part of that provision, we know that hubby will eventually get another job but we also know that the longer we wait, the longer our sweet, precious XM waits and...
My sweet friend Tammy over at Quantum Silver has gone above and beyond to help us raise money. More than once, she has opened up her beautiful jewelry line to us and donated ALL of the proceeds to our sweet girl!!!
There were 3 beautiful young friends whose hearts for China's children at such a young age is inspiring. These young girls make crafts to sell for these precious kiddos and blog about their mission, here at Crafts for China's Orphans. These beautiful girls decided that they would sell their crafts one Saturday and donate all of the proceeds to our sweet girl!
There were my sweet neighbors who organized, paid for and ran a week long summer camp - just - for - us!!!!
Then there was precious "Darlin" who made such sweet Lemonade, that she was able to raise $150 for our precious girls!!!
You can go here, Sweet Lemonade, to read that amazing story but what I haven't shared about that day is that 15 minutes before they were scheduled to close up shop, sweet "Darlin" counted the proceeds from the day and was upset to find that they were $25 short of her goal of $100. She asked her Mom, the wonderful Mrs. C, if she thought they would be able to make $25 in 15 minutes. Mrs. C responded that she really did not think they would be able to sell that much lemonade in that amount of time.
She prayed, "Dear God, please let more customers come so I can give this family $100. Lord, that's just $25 more." And as soon as she had prayed, someone who had been so touched by what sweet "Darlin" was doing, returned with a $20 bill, then someone else came with $5 more dollars and in the end, sweet "Darlin" raised $150. WOW! When asked how she raised so much money, Sweet "Darlin" said it was all "hope and prayer."
When I went to "Darlin's" house so she could present me with her donation, she had written us the most beautiful, amazing, "wise beyond her years" card.
"Assuredly, I say to you, whoever does not receive the kingdom of God as a little child will by no means enter it."
As I stood there with the tears starting to flow, Mrs. C asked "Darlin" to go get "Crosby" as she thought I would like to meet him.
Sweet little Crosby was the cutest little Yorky that I had posted on my FB page a while back because he needed a home and...
Mrs. C and her wonderful family saw his precious face on my page that day and what do you think they did...
Now he's livin' on easy street, sleeping in the bed, playing with his best bud (a weimeraner twice his size) and loving being carried everywhere, AND...
I got to hold him and love on him and see in real life, that advocacy does work, even my doggie advocacy!
So, not only did the Lord bless us with the love and support and amazing faith of this wonderful little girl but He also blessed me that day by showing me the fruits of my labors - labors of love.
In fact, His provisions and blessings have been so many that I am going to break this up into 5 different posts, otherwise you would be here all night!!!
Ok, so I know I blog a lot about the kids and adoption and the dogs but there are 2 other family members who don't get posted about all that much.
These 2 unobtrusive, quiet (imagine that) members of our family just don't care much for having their picture taken or hanging around long enough during the chaos to be an active participant in a blog post but...
Don't know whether sweet little ole Memow was waiting on Mr. and Mrs. Bird to return or just having some sort of really major identity crisis but there she sat
I have told her, however, that even if there were no donations, the mere fact that she wanted to do this for us, is such a gift and means the world to us!
We don't get to see beautiful Stephanie very much as she doesn't live any where near us but her heart for our sweet child sure can be felt over those many miles!
Every time something like this happens, every time someone reaches out to us in this way, it just helps to strengthen our faith that our sweet baby girl WILL come home!
I am asking all my bloggy buddies, that if you feel so led, we sure would appreciate it if you would grab that sweet face and post it to you sidebar!
It would be so easy to "not see" how in the world the Lord would provide in the midst of hubby's unemployment...
and when beautiful Stephanie emailed me and told me what she wanted to do for us, it was one more big ole faith moment for us.
So there's this kid and he lives on the other side of the world and he doesn't look like me and he doesn't share my genes and h...
THIS is why!!!! This is Xiaoyun's testimony. You might remember Xiaoyun as the 13 year old on my advocacy blog who was aging out and...
A very sweet friend sent this to me the other day and y'all... it hit home... it brought hubby to his knees... and it is...
First of I have to thank all of you for your wonderful, beautiful, amazing comments! I have been totally blown away by all of your love...
"How exciting! Are you excited?" This is typically what we hear from sweet friends... most of whom truly are excited for ...
It has been hard I am trying to be "normal" I am trying to just focus on living in the ordinary things of the day I a...
Wow! This website definitely clicks with me and I can say nothing significantly less than I love it!
of make my trip and book your hotel room or luxurious suite or presidential suite according to your budget.
If you want to reduce your stress level then you should definitely go on a vacation away from the polluted city life.
I am basically impressed with this particular blog and I desired to make an effort to thank you in the base
this weblog and I am impressed! Extremely helpful information particularly the final phase :) I maintain such
I was suggested this blog via my cousin. I am no longer positive whether this submit is written by means of him as nobody else know such designated about my problem.
This set of code, url or ID is exclusive and exclusive for youu only, no two afgfiliate marketer shared similar affiliate codes orr ID.
Whoa! This blog actually presses with me and that I may say nothing significantly less than I enjoy it!
water conditioning and also relaxing tools, as well as other gadgets aas wel as devices that might bbe connected to your house's water system that need
It appears like some of the text in your posts are running off the screen. Can someone else please comment and let me
through some of the posts I realized it's new to me. Anyways, I'm definitely delighted I found it and I'll be book-marking it and
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you writing this write-up plus the rest of the website is really good.
It's hard to come by experienced people about this topic, but you sound like you know what you're talking about!
I read this piece of writing fully about the resemlance of most recent and preceding technologies, it's awesome article.
certainly like your web-site however you have to take a look at the spelling on quite a few of your posts.
Many of them are rife with spelling issues and I in finding it very troublesome to inform the reality then again I will certainly
posts. Anyway I will be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently quickly.
Definitely believe that which you stated. Your favourite justification appeared to be on the web the simplest factor to remember of.
I say to you, I definitely get irked even as other people consider issues that they just don't realize about.
You managed to hit the nail upon the top and also defined out the entire thing with no need side-effects ,
I say to you, I definitely get irked while people think about worries that they plainly do not know about.
but I thought this post was good. I don't know who you are however certainly you are going to a well-known blogger for
The spacefaring world in Amongst The Chosen addresses telepathic capacities as if they were only another field of science.
by accident, while I was browsing on Yahoo for something else, Anyways I am here now and would just like to say
many thanks for a tremendous post and a all round interesting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don't have time to browse it all at the
Much totally differeent from pay-per-click on campaigns by which the merchant pays forr a click on on a hyerlink whether
Among our Qualified Mediums & Psychic Artists will definitely associate with your Guides in Character as well as develop
Useful information. Lucky me I found your website by chance, and I am stunned why this twist of fate did
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my weblog so i came to “return the favor”.I'm attempting to find things
I visited many sites but the audio feature for audio songs current at this web site is really superb.
When I initially commented I clicked the "Notify me when new comments are added" checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get four
Hey there! I just want to offer you a big thumbs up for the great information you have got right here on this post.
Personally, if all website owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will be much more useful than ever before.|
I will right away grasp your rss as I can't find your email subscription link or e-newsletter service.
it's time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I wish to suggest you few interesting things or suggestions.
I'm planning to start my own blog in the near future but I'm having a tough time making a decision between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal.
The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I'm looking for something completely unique.
Does your site have a contact page? I'm having a tough time locating it but, I'd like to shoot you an email.
site yourself? Please reply back as I'm planning to create my very own blog and want to find out where you got this from or just what the theme is called.
It's on a entirely different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Wonderful choice of colors!|
internet for more info about the issue and found most people will go along with your views on this web site.|
I constantly spent my half an hour to read this website's articles or reviews all the time along with
Anyhow, I'm certainly happy I discovered it and I'll be bookmarking it and checking back regularly!|
browser compatibility issues. Whenever I take a look at your site in Safari, it looks fine however when opening
in Internet Explorer, it's got some overlapping issues. I simply wanted to provide you with a quick heads
Hello there, just became alert to your blog through Google, and found that it is really informative.
IE nonetheless is the marketplace chief and a good part of other folks will miss your magnificent writing because of this problem.|
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my blog so i came to “return the favor”.I'm trying to find things to improve my
What's up to every , because I am genuinely eager of reading this web site's post to be updated on a regular
healthy grain based product. While living a healthy life cannot guarantee you from not getting lung cancer or pancreas cancer, you will be
You're very intelligent. You already know thus considerably in the case of this subject, produced me personally believe
deadpool full movie 2016, deadpool full movie in hindi, deadpool full movie online streaming for free, watch deadpool full
However the proprietor can then make more cash on the again finish which is where I considcer the cash is and what
This is a rear-wheel drive car, and that means that unlike front-wheel drive cars - which typically can't be used much beyond B class - the MR2 can be upgraded all the
Very rapidly this web site will be famous among all blogging and site-building visitors, due to it's nice articles
I will right away grasp your rss feed as I can't find your e-mail subscription link or newsletter service.
and it's time to be happy. I've read this post and if I could I wish to suggest you some interesting things or advice.
to suggest you some interesting things or advice. Perhaps you could write next articles referring to this article.
I have been surfing online greater than three hours these days, yet I by no means discovered any fascinating article like yours.
I am sure this paragraph has touched all the internet visitors, its really really nice article on building up new blog.|
This type of clever work and reporting! Keep up the amazing works guys I've included you guys to our blogroll.|
Hey there just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your post seem to be running off the screen in Firefox.
Greetings from Colorado! I'm bored to tears at work so I decided to browse your website on my iphone during lunch
break. I really like the information you provide here and can't wait to take a look when I get home.
I visited various sites however the audio quality for audio songs existing at this website is genuinely marvelous.|
Did you create this website yourself? Please reply back as I'm attempting to create my own site and would love to find out where you got this from or just what the theme
It's on a totally different subject but it has pretty much the same layout and design. Superb choice of colors!|
I just couldn't leave your web site before suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the standard information a person supply in your
Heya i'm for the first time here. I found this board and I find It truly useful & it helped me out much.
find It truly useful & it helped me out much. I am hoping to provide something again and help others such
Good day! I simply wish to offer you a huge thumbs up for the excellent information you have got right here on this
I always used to read post in news papers but now as I am a user of internet so from now I am using net for articles,
I will appreciate in case you proceed this in future. Lots of folks will probably be benefited out of your writing.
With the ever before- expanding level of popularity of teeth brightening treatment, dental practitioners around the globe are delivering a
Unfortunately, many times, only the surface of carpets and sofas is cleaned and the odor is temporarily masked with use of consumer products or even home-market rental equipment, meant
Attractive component of content. I just stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to claim that I get in fact enjoyed
kind of strategy that most professional gamblers use to minimize losses and increase win chances and these include setting a budget, choosing your machines wisely and quitting while you are
a comment is added I get 4 emails with the same comment. Is there an easy method you are able to remove me from that service?
Hey I know this is off topic but I was wondering if you knew of any widgets I could add to my blog that automatically
a plug-in like this for quite some time and was hoping maybe you would have some experience with something like this.
When reading a circumstance, a telepathic could see a sign or even a movie-scene which is actually an allegory for the scenario.
With havin so much content and articles do you ever run into any issues of plagorism or copyright violation? My website has a lot of unique
agreement. Do you know any solutions to help prevent content from being stolen? I'd definitely appreciate it.
They then were able to interact the info they receive to the person along with who they were speaking in the
made excellent content material as you probably did, the internet will probably be much more helpful
Attractive element of content. I simply stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to claim
massive amount work? I've very little knowledge of computer programming however I was hoping to start my own blog in the near future.
hey there and thank you for your information – I've certainly picked up something new from right here.
is OK? Not that I'm complaining, but slow loading instances times will often affect your placement in google and could damage your quality score if
amused. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost...HaHa!) Great job.
Online marketing isn't a get rich fast scheme, it require endurance and persistence annd a variety of onerous work.
I have learn this post and if I could I want to counsel you few attention-grabbing issues or suggestions.
It's beautiful worth sufficient for me. Personally, if all website owners and bloggers made just right content
I am sure this article has touched all the internet viewers, its really really fastidious article on building up new weblog.|
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you penning this article plus the rest of the site is
a look. I'm definitely enjoying the information. I'm bookmarking and will be tweeting this to my followers!
I'm planning to start my own blog soon but I'm having a hard time selecting between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal.
seem to be running off the screen in Ie. I'm not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with internet browser compatibility
It's very trouble-free to find out any topic on net as compared to textbooks, as I found this paragraph at this web page.|
Greetings from Carolina! I'm bored at work so I decided to browse your site on my iphone during lunch break.
It's on a completely different subject but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Superb choice of colors!|
I simply could not leave your website before suggesting that I actually enjoyed the standard info an individual provide on your visitors?
But he's tryiong none the less. I've been using Movable-type on various websites for about a year and am nervous about
Good day! I could have sworn I've visited this blog before but after browsing through some of the articles I realized it's new to me.
Hello there, I discovered your web site by means of Google while looking for a comparable matter, your web site came up, it seems
could check this? IE nonetheless is the marketplace leader and a large component to other people will leave
so i came to “return the favor”.I am attempting to find things to enhance my website!I suppose its ok to use {some of|a
Early doodles little by little ended up being designs, so Coral determined to enhance her creative talent.
that people need, folks will proceed to find your website, which means you earn a passive stream oof
Some oof the ingenious ways to earn extra cash or even exchange your current earnings, is to let proved internet affiliate marketing conxepts give you the results you want.
look. Nobody mentioned anything bad about it but big inside I am certain some thing must be complete.
For some reason, the main sense often important throughout our society just where every publication is
on tv about some professional whitening goods which are use like a pen or serum and also the cost got means less expensive than visiting the
hometown dental expert. The girl contained in this teeth bleaching product or service examine showed tips on how to keep your
the active ingredients inside their dental whitener ties in. The inorganic Hydrogen Peroxide (HO) was a bleaching rep which changes into h2o (HO) and emits an Oxygen molecule (O) in the deal in the substance
daily Orange Juice are indicated in lab researches to ease (and probably deteriorate) tooth tooth enamel by many period significantly
I am regular reader, how are you everybody? This piece of writing posted at this web page is actually pleasant.
perfect approach? I have a challenge that I'm just now working on, and I have been on the glance out for such info.
explorer, would check this? IE still is the marketplace chief and a huge component to other people will
I definitely loved every little bit of it. I have got you book-marked to check out new stuff you post…
It's on a entirely different subject but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Superb choice of colors!
“We’ve created a brand that is full of emotion, contemporary and magnetic, with a view to bringing art to fashion. Art meets fashion”, Anna Cortina.
Two positions are currently open with the Peninsular Florida Landscape Conservation Cooperative (through the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission), with both closing on November 1, 2016:
Lead the PFLCC Marine/Estuarine Priority Resource team to develop and assess potential conservation targets.
Review, acquire, and collate existing spatial data that represent marine/estuarine resources in Florida’s coastal waters. Perform spatially explicit GIS analyses to identify marine/estuarine waters important to the long-term conservation of fish and wildlife resources and use the results to assist in refining existing natural resource priorities and conservation targets.
Coordinate with marine/estuarine system and species experts to develop a Technical Advisory Group (TAG) to assist in developing a process and in identification of areas of high value and development of conservation targets. Coordinate and lead TAG workshops.
Coordinate with and participate in other ongoing efforts in the Gulf of Mexico and other regions (including neighboring LCCs) with similar goals and objectives.
Coordinate with partners to add results to the Critical Lands and Water Identification Project database.
Assist in data preparation, maintenance, and delivery via multiple methods, including web based mapping applications, images, powerpoint presentations, and reports. Prepare FGDC metadata. Complete project report.
Participate in coordination of scientific activities within the Peninsular Florida Landscape Conservation Cooperative (PFLCC) and adjacent south east LCCs to ensure that the science goals and objectives of the PFLCC are met.
Develop a spatial database to track prescribed and wild fires in Florida. The database will contain the spatial footprint of the fires, habitat type, year of burn, and potentially the intensity of the burn.
Review and assess potential tracking mechanisms/processes, including existing databases, remote sensing and on-the-ground verification/assessment.
Coordinate with Florida Forest Service (FFS) staff to develop a process to acquire the FFS permit database. Develop a process to filter the FFS permit database to target permitted prescribed burns in selected fire maintained systems.
Populate database with current/ongoing prescribed fire data, and as time allows add data from fires from previous years.
Assist in data preparation, maintenance, and delivery via multiple methods, including web based mapping applications, images, powerpoint presentations, and reports. Prepare FGDC metadata. Complete project reports.
Why is conservation on a larger, landscape-sized scale important? Read more about Landscape Conservation Cooperatives here.
Cash only, no I will not trade + cash for your ETA, nor do I want any wheels, ex girlfriends, puppies, or sexual favors....well maybe but PM me about that one
News Archives: 1st Quarter 2002 January, February, March (NON MLM) NIGERIAN SCAMS 30 mar 2002 – NON MLM – After…
There was two vlb s1 and s2 at the North yard about a week ago with grey interiors i got the door trims out of one
A resident of Leamington, Gerard Warmenhoven passed away at the Leamington District Memorial Hospital on Friday, August 30, 2013 at the age of 67. He was born in Holland and was the son of the late John and Gerarda Warmenhoven. Predeceased by his dear friend Mae. Loving brother to John F. (Barbara), Hans (Irene), Jack , Franz, Anne Moore (Neal) and Debbie Allsop (Chris). Also remembered by several nieces and nephews. In keeping with Gerard’s wishes cremation has taken place and no services will be held. Arrangements entrusted to Reid Funeral Home & Reception Centre, 14 Russell Street, Leamington (519) 326-2631. Memorial donations to honour Gerard’s life can be made to the charity of your choice and would be appreciated by the family. Memories and condolences can be shared at www.reidfuneralhome.ca
Description: Twelfth century lectionary (dated to 1101-02) of the Gospels on parchment; 212 leaves, single column, 23 lines per column. Digital images are from microfilm. These images can be found at the Library of Congress.
The nature walk is one of the most exciting adventure activities within the area. To get a real taste of the area’s nature, it is ideal for day hikers to
The nature walk is one of the most exciting adventure activities within the area. To get a real taste of the area's nature, it is ideal for day hikers to
How I look forward to visit Country Paradise Resort coming October!!! When I was there in 2001, there where a wild nature, where we were picking peanuts in the ground. Very nice place with a fantastic view to the Himalaya peaks and to every directions - East, wst, north and south!!! In 2009, last time I visited this fabulous place,there were still a wildness. Now I know houses are built on Country Paradise Resort - a hotell formed with many small houses, including a house with a bathroom!!! The last one where the walls are tired with tiles!!! How i look forward to see all this with my eyes, not only in pictures!!! Thanks to Bharat and his staff we may visit this place, together with all other fabulous tours and trips, when we hire Alpine Explore Nepal/Explore Alpine Adventure as our guides for visiting Nepal!!!
After a somewhat long drive up a steep hill we arrived in one of the most amazing places I have ever been with an unbelievable panoramic view of the Annapurna Himalayan Range in the background. We walked around looking at the flowers and plant and especially the coffee plants, we enjoyed the beautiful sunset from a terrace with view of the surroundings. The dinner was excellent with vegetables cultivated on the premises. The tented accomodation was confortable and clean. It was very interesting to get to know about the coffe plants and Bharats telling us about the developing plans of the resort for the the years to come. The second day Bharat took us for a hike down the hill where he told us about the local school which he supports, we met some of the friendly locals and had a look around. This is a real place for relaxation and quitness. I really do recommend a stay in Country Paradise Resort.
An unique resort with simple accommodation and delicious food served by a friendly and smiling staffs. I had been to this resort after with my family after I completed trek to Langtang with other friends this April. We stayed there for two overnight before we had our flight back home. My daughter who is 8 years old, loved being there and playing around the gardens. Peace nature and a friendly atmosphere made us very comfort as we are being at our home. Loved very much being at this place with my husband and my sweet daughter.
We had a really enjoyable visit to Country Paradise. As a birdwatcher, I was desperate to see the Spiny Babbler (the only species of bird in the world that is unique to Nepal). We had amazing views of several of them. Couldn\'t have done better. It was great to see what Bharat is doing with his organic coffee and to hear him talk about how his dream has developed and what he hopes it will achieve for his community. As always, Bharat was the perfect host. His friendly, smiling staff were always helpful and the food was delicious. If you want to see the real Nepal then this is it.
It's a marvelous place to stay and relax with the good stunning views of the mountains. Neat and clean rooms with nice gardens around, have an opportunity to explore the coffee gardens where the plantation is done in the same area. Good hygienic food served by friendly staffs with the fresh vegetables grown on their own field. We felt so pleased to be there and enjoyed our two overnights stay at Country Paradise Resort.
This is a placeholder page for Suzanne Esterbrook, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Suzanne Esterbrook.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Suzanne Esterbrook. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Suzanne Esterbrook. We created this page automatically in hopes Suzanne Esterbrook would find it. If you are not Suzanne Esterbrook, but are an alumni of Countryside High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Countryside High School	of Clearwater, Florida
Lucky Nugget Croatian Casino. Lucky Nugget was established in 1998 and has plenty of experience in providing Croatian players with unbeatable online casino entertainment.
Lucky Nugget Casino mobile brings players top-quality casino games and more chances of winning straight from their mobile or android devices!
Trusted Lucky Nugget Casino review, including real players' reviews and ratings, games, complaints, latest bonus codes and promotions.
Lucky Nugget is a superb Microgaming online casino that boasts all of the features and experiences that you would expect from an online casino these days.
Oregon Housing and Community Services is committed to your right to privacy and takes your privacy seriously. We have very strict privacy policies and we strive to keep your personal and financial information secure. Please note that this Privacy Policy only applies to the Oregon Housing and Community Services website and not to any other websites that you may access from the Site, each of which may have privacy policies that are materially distinct from this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy covers Oregon Housing and Community Services's treatment of personally identifiable information that Oregon Housing and Community Services collects when you are on the Oregon Housing and Community Services site, and when you use Oregon Housing and Community Services's services. We pledge to hold all information you provide to us in absolute privacy. Only authorized employees may access your information. All employees are required to adhere to our strict privacy policies and any employee who violates the privacy policy is subject to termination and other disciplinary measures, up to being criminally prosecuted for their violation.
Traffic Data and Information - Through the combination of both internal and third party tracking code as well as cookies, the following categories of information are tracked when a visitor enters the site: (1) IP address, (2) domain servers, (3) type of computer used to access the Site, (4) types of web browsers (collectively 'Traffic Data'). Oregon Housing and Community Services uses such data for general marketing purposes and in order to help enhance the customer experience on the website. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
Personal Information - In order for each customer to access and utilize Oregon Housing and Community Services's document products and services, Oregon Housing and Community Services requires each customer to provide us with personal information (collectively 'Personally Identifiable Information'). Personally Identifiable Information includes: (i) 'Contact Data' (such as your first and last name, physical street address, city, state, zip code, phone number and email address), (ii) 'Financial Data' (such as your income, and employer), (iii) 'Demographic Data' (such as your zip code and gender), and (iv) other 'Legal Data' (such as your mortgage information, credit information, debt information, expense information and other sensitive information necessary to generate proper documents). This Personally Identifiable Information is necessary to generate the documents created by our software program. Please note that Contact Data and Traffic Data are used to gather general statistics regarding our customers and visitors respectively, in order to enhance the consumer experience on the website. We may also use demographic data in a manner that does not identify you specifically or allow you to be contacted but does identify certain criteria about our users in general. For example, we may inform third parties about the number of registered users, number of unique visitors, and the pages most frequently browsed. We also use Contact Data such as name, physical address and email address to provide special information and promotions regarding our products or in order to contact the customer regarding an order. Any Financial Data gather is used strictly for the purposes of processing or completing the financial transaction for your order.
Confidentiality and Security of Personal Information - As stated above, Oregon Housing and Community Services will keep your Personally Identifiable Data private, and will not share it with third parties unless you specifically approve of the disclosure, or if Oregon Housing and Community Services is required by law to comply with a valid legal requirement such as law, federal regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order.
Website Areas Beyond Oregon Housing and Community Services's Control - The Site may include interactive forums such as message boards and chat rooms. Please note that any Personally Identifiable Information disclosed in such areas is public and becomes public information. You should use caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
Third Party Websites - Oregon Housing and Community Services may maintain links to other websites. If you choose to visit other websites, we are not responsible for the Privacy Practices or content of those other websites, and it is your responsibility to review the Privacy Policies at those websites to confirm that you understand and agree with their policies.
Retention of Records - Oregon Housing and Community Services may retain Personally Identifiable Information for a period of five years. The reason for this lies in the fact that, users may request their documents for revision and we may need to update users of new information available.
User Ability to Update Personally Identifiable Information - We maintain a procedure to help you confirm that your Personal Information remains correct and up-to-date. At any time, you may visit your personal account profile (Collectively 'personal profile') by logging into the Member Home link. Through your personal profile, you are able to review and update your Contact Data. If at anytime you wish to delete all of your Personally Identifiable Information from our site, you may contact us at customercare@state.or.us
Authorization to share info - Oregon Housing and Community Services agrees to maintain the confidentiality of user’s information; however, user authorizes Oregon Housing and Community Services and its Non-Profit Housing Counselor Affiliates and/or lender and/or servicer handling user’s loan to submit user’s personal information to entities responsible for monitoring any governmental counseling or modification programs for the exclusive purposes of program evaluation and monitoring. This authorization will remain valid until revoked in writing by the user.
Security - As our commitment to data security, we strive to make certain that our servers and connections incorporate the latest encryption and security devices. To prevent unauthorized access, we have implemented physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Financial and personal information are transmitted to us by secure servers.
Copyright © 2010 - 2011, Oregon Homeownership Stabilization Initiative, All Rights Reserved. Powered by CounselorDirect®
United kingdom Tutors is really a UK broad World-wide-web-based mostly provider. We've got professional tutors variety all within the region giving an array of topics from Maths, English and Sciences and a lot of much more market subjects.
Switch your pics or electronic images into remarkable personalised household decor. We provide Image blankets, photo pillows, dog beds, bedding & much more. We also have a wide variety of all Little ones and teenage bedding all with amazing photographic and artful designs.
In regards to the SeriesThroughout the historical past of India, various empires flourished and fell back; yet every one civilization left its mark, within the type of superbly developed constructions and buildings. those constructions remind us of an period bygone. a few of them have stood the try of time, and feature been brilliantly preserved.
Computational Diagnostics Inc. provides educational programs aimed at raising the level of patient care by improving the knowledge and expertise of those who provide neurophysiological monitoring. With over 20 years of experience in educating professionals and technologists in this demanding field, CDI can deliver the most up-to-date educational programs to meet your needs. Each training program is customized with a unique curriculum designed for each trainee/group.
Currently, we provide in-house training that can fit your schedule to the following individuals or groups:
Experienced, but need to learn how to monitor microvascular decompressions or carotid endarterectomies? Do you need to be educated on transcranial motor evoked potentials (TcMEPs) or pedicle screw stimulation? We can provide training for specific procedures or modalities at your facility or ours. For a full list of procedures, please visit our services page or please contact us.
Aspiring to pursue a career in intraoperative monitoring and obtain CNIM* certification? We can provide individualized, hands-on training at our facility using the NeuroNet systems and software. Train with us and we can prepare you to provide the most up-to-date and accurate intraoperative monitoring as a neurotechnologist, anywhere.
Desire to obtain additional knowledge to become a supervising or interpreting physician in intraoperative monitoring within your hospital or IOM company? CDI’s physician training program offered in conjunction with CNS will provide you with experience in supervising all aspects of a monitoring service, planning of monitoring services for a particular patient, interpreting real-time data and preparing the documentation of the monitoring services provided.
*For current requirements and more information about CNIM, as well as information about continuing education requirements, please visit http://abret.org.
Sit down--take a deep breath--rally your friends--Global Warming is not man made--Yes it's the truth! Now don't you feel better?
The Ethics Committee within the United States Congress meets in a small room where counterfeit people are made real. Really?
Business, markets and economics are tricky. They're art more than science. And, as anybody who has tried to paint, draw or make a stupid clay pot that just wouldn't stop falling over, knows; art is hard ...
It's too hard. Let's do something easier. Let's name important inventions or discoveries; tools, fire, language, farming, writing, printing, the telephone, electricity, computers etc.
Tool use is millions of years old. The use of fire is hotly debated (sorry), but it likely began less than one million years ago. Farming is about 20,000 years old.
Then, in just a few hundred years, we've gone from basically hand making everything to mass production so incredible that a toy company is the world's largest producer of tyres: LEGO produces 381 million tyres a year!
It took us millions of years to fly 37 meters in 1903; just 66 years later, we flew to the Moon and walked on it! Only 50 years later and comparing the building-sized computers Apollo 11 used to your personal, pocket-sized phone is as pointless as comparing voicemail to a team of receptionists.
People much smarter than me talk about the changes certain technologies bring. Apparently, there's evidence that some discoveries haven't just changed the way we live and work, they actually changed what we are. That is, they changed what it means to be human.
It's a fascinating idea, exciting, exhilarating even; however, in business, change, progress and invention aren't always good things. But, as many people have said, you can't stop progress.
Blockbuster Video found that out when LoveFilm arrived at our doors with an elegant, convenient and affordable system. LoveFilm were swallowed by Amazon, but Netflix still outstripped Amazon in that department.
Even now, we might be seeing the collapse of big film as cinema attendance reaches record lows. Despite appearances presented by Marvel and the like, big cinema is struggling to adapt to changes in technology and their market.
Whatever your business, whether you're selling a product or a service, whether you've been in business for 20 years or 20 days, keeping on top of trends in your market and industry is crucial. It changes so you need to adapt.
In nature, the animal's characteristics determine whether it survives or goes extinct in a particular environment. This is what's meant by 'survival of the fittest'. It doesn't mean the strongest always survives; it means the best fit for the environment survives. That might actually be the smallest, the slowest or the quietest.
Humans have a unique position in evolution; we can understand and, to a certain extent, purposefully adapt to our environment. That goes double for you and your business. You're in a unique position. You can research, analyse and understand your environment; however, you don't have to be limited by biology. You don't have to wait. You don't have to just hope that you survive.
You can choose to change, adapt and evolve your business in almost any way you want! But you do have to choose. 95% of businesses don't even make it past the first five years; that puts you on the endangered species list.
The Office Genie can help your business evolve before it goes extinct. Call us now on 01604 529170 or ask us to contact you.
The decade and a bit for which I've worked has been split equally between retail and offices; I worked as management in retail, and I was a junior project manager in an office. However, I struggled to find job satisfaction, so I attended University as a mature student and earned an English degree with first-class honours.
I joined The Office Genie in August 2016, which is a huge opportunity for me and I'm working hard to make the most of it. I'm finding that satisfaction I was looking for doing creative, challenging, engaging work I'm passionate about for a company I can really get involved with. From my experience at work and in my personal life, I've cultivated a well-developed and varied skillset which I'm keen to apply.
I've been lucky enough in my personal life to be exposed to lots of experiences with great people in a variety of settings. From Scouting to travel to computing and even to headlining a stage or two, most of the pastimes which I enjoy share the common elements of teamwork, learning, storytelling and analysis. I have a deep passion for art, puzzles, games, stories, language, communication and collaboration, which I love to share in great detail. On a completely unrelated note, I also love my very patient wife.
This particular photograph (reclaimed dark wood wallpaper rustic barn wood peel and stick Rustic Barn Wood Awesome Rustic Barn Wood Gallery) over can be classed together with:placed by admin from July, 7 2018. To find out most images with Awesome Rustic Barn Wood Gallery images gallery you need to comply with this specific link.
Awesome Rustic Barn Wood Gallery – This reclaimed dark wood wallpaper rustic barn wood peel and stick Rustic Barn Wood Awesome Rustic Barn Wood Gallery photos was taken from inaninstantart.com and upload on July, 7 2018 by admin. Download other photos about Rustic Barn Wood in our design gallery. Thank for visiting this ideas collection for latest Rustic Barn Wood ideas. You can copy Awesome Rustic Barn Wood Gallery for your collection by clicking on image to get in high resolution.
Frequently, when you or a family member are first diagnosed with dementia, you still have the capa city and are legally “competent” to make your own estate planning decisions. The four documents discussed here will assist a person with dementia and their loved ones as the disease progresses and they no longer have the mental capacity under the law to execute these documents and are no longer able to make decisions for themselves. If a person has not already made these planning decisions and executed the necessary documents, they must act immediately while they still have the mental (and legal) capacity to do so.
In order to be legally capable to sign estate planning documents a person must have “testamentary capacity” – they must be able to understand the import and consequences of what they are signing. They must understand the mechanisms being put in place and the who they are appointing to make decisions for them. Even if a person only has periods of lucidity it does not mean they automatically lack the required mental capacity. That can be complicated, as they need to review and execute the documents during a period of lucidity. Sometimes meetings with their attorney will need to be rescheduled to accomplish this goal.
The most important documents for a person who has been diagnosed with dementia are the Durable Power of Attorney, the Living Will, the Health Care Proxy and the Last Will and Testament.
My old satin angora doe Sarai who is turning 8 years old this fall decided she wanted to be mommy one last time. She busted out the young stud beside her and had one last wild fling. Here's the results :)
The artwork presented to the winning team - the artist uses the dog that won the last trials as the model for the T-shirt design :)
Today my parents celebrate 48 years of marriage. 4 kids and 9 grand kids later this makes for a loud and happy day. They still walk together hand in hand and still kiss each other goodnight.
The latest phone in Google's Nexus line of flagship Android devices comes in at the low price of $299 for
recommend Blackjack 2011, as it is the online application that succeeds into somewhat mimicking the 'casino-feel'.
In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made good content as you did, the net will be a lot more useful
it's time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I want to suggest you few interesting things or advice.
It's pretty value sufficient for me. In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made good content as you did, the internet shall be
I am sure this piece of writing has touched all the internet visitors, its really really pleasant article on building up
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you writing this post plus the rest of the website is
this website. It's simple, yet effective. A lot of times it's tough to get that "perfect balance" between user friendliness and visual appearance.
I must say you have done a excellent job with this. Additionally, the blog loads super fast for me on Safari.
It's very simple to find out any matter on net as compared to textbooks, as I found this paragraph at
Hi! I've been reading your website for a long time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a
Greetings from Colorado! I'm bored at work so I decided to check out your blog on my iphone during lunch
Its like you learn my thoughts! You seem to know so much about this, such as you wrote the e-book in it
Greetings! Very helpful advice within this post! It is the little changes that make the biggest changes.
Did you make this site yourself? Please reply back as I'm wanting to create my own site and would love to know where you got this from or just what
posts I realized it's new to me. Nonetheless, I'm certainly happy I came across it and I'll be bookmarking it and
Whenever I look at your website in Safari, it looks fine however when opening in I.E., it has some overlapping issues.
Howdy! I just wish to offer you a big thumbs up for the great info you've got right here on this post.
Hello there, I found your web site by way of Google even as looking for a similar matter, your website got here up, it seems
informative. I am going to be careful for brussels. I'll appreciate should you proceed this in future.
Either way stay up the excellent quality writing, it's uncommon to peer a great weblog like this one these days..|
Hi, i think that i saw you visited my weblog thus i came to “return the favor”.I am trying to find things to enhance my site!I suppose its ok
Lots of free of charge" spiritual readings corrected the phone are merely cost-free for a particular variety of minutes.
usually spend thousands of bucks: allowing them to go for longer amounts of time without visiting a hair stylist expert,
Each quest is associated with a themed dungeon, making the game world always thrilling as you don't go to the identical place again and again.
I have been surfing online more than three hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like
Ahaa, its pleasant conversation on the topic of this article here at this web site, I have read all that, so at this time me also commenting
Wow, this article is pleasant, my younger sister is analyzing these kinds of things, so I am going to tell her.|
Hi, I do believe this is a great blog. I stumbledupon it ;) I will return once again since i have saved as a favorite it.
I must say that you've done a amazing job with this. Also, the blog loads super quick for me on Safari.
seem to be running off the screen in Internet explorer. I'm not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I figured I'd
like you wrote the e book in it or something. I feel that you just could do with a few % to pressure
But he's tryiong none the less. I've been using WordPress on various websites for about a year and am anxious about switching to another platform.
I have heard very good things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can transfer all my wordpress content into
Hello! I could have sworn I've visited your blog before but after looking at a few of the articles I realized it's new to me.
Anyhow, I'm certainly delighted I discovered it and I'll be book-marking it and checking back frequently!|
find It truly useful & it helped me out a lot. I hope to give something back and aid others like you aided me.|
problems. When I look at your site in Safari, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it's got some overlapping
Heya i'm for the first time here. I found this board and I in finding It truly useful & it helped me out a lot.
Magnificent site. Lots of useful info here. I am sending it to several buddies ans also sharing in delicious.
Wow, this article is fastidious, my younger sister is analyzing such things, thus I am going to inform her.
It's an amazing article in support of all the internet viewers; they will get advantage from it I am sure.
The sector hopes for even more passionate writers like you who aren't afraid to mention how they believe.
My psychic gifts have constantly allowed me to hear other individuals's ideas as plainly as my very own.
Is there anyone else having the same RSS issues? Anyone who knows the solution can you kindly respond?
The wait outdoors B's tent can use up to an hour, even with innovative booking.Waiting on the road for a conversation with Ally is a girl in her mid-20s that really did
And i'm glad reading your article. However wanna statement oon feew normal issues, The site taste is ideal,
An outstanding share! I've jhst forwaarded this ontoo a co-worker who was doing a little homework on this.
to escape from harm's way if someone is gunning for you, or blind a room before you enter to rampage.
So if you don't need to wait many times for refilling your account then please fellas belief me obtain this
money and coins to your account and benefit from the recreation with inexhaustible quantity of assets.
After you have enrooled inn an assoociates program, you'll bbe tawked to pre-sell the products of an affiliate service provider.
I quickly realized the power behind a system like that to construct ann amazing organizatio in the neteork
down the inner walls of the intestines, leading to poor absorption of iron and other important nutrients that affect everything from energy to brain activity.
if you happen to proceed this in future. Numerous other people will be benefited out of your writing.
I read this article fully about the comparison of most up-to-date and preceding technologies, it's awesome article.
The worth tag on any service is definitely one thing customers tend to focus on. A cheaper price may seem to
be a more engaging purchase, nonetheless, low cost hosting companies are sometimes not the most effective.
Pricing tip: When you have not acquired a domain title or wish to add one other, then some packages embody free domain with internet hosting.
If they're on the up and up, all ought to be fantastic, but generally you may resolve you want to transfer your domain to a different host, and the host you
Now we have received many critiques about the fast speeds that Hostgator supplies even on shared hosting plans.
Trying and selecting a internet hosting server to your new web site could be one of the most difficult and daunting decisions that a web site owner has to make.
When I originally commented I clicked the "Notify me when new comments are added" checkbox and now each
Kim is our featured card for challenge #32 Something with a Dog and the winner of digi's from *wink *wink ink!
Oh wow, thank you so much!!! I just came to check your new challenge and was stunned to see my card as the winner *doeshappydance*
The book of Acts defines the ministry of the church as continuing what Jesus did on earth and what He stated would happen after he left. The passion of the Holy Ghost Fire is a flame that touches all it comes in contact with and as a result there is a ... Continue
You have probably heard of cash advance loans, but you aren't sure if they are right for you. These companies offer short-term loans to people who are having a difficult time financially. Sounds great, right? http://alberto42earlie.blog2learn.com/17390571/usage-these-concepts-to-get-the-very-best-payday-advance can be if you find out everything you need to know before applying for one. Here are some tips to help you with these loans.
Eight tips to manage your education loan With growing competition and aspirations of a successful career, today students and professionals want to pursue quality education, especially at premier institutes. However, the cost of education is increasing and in spite of parents saving for their child’s education, there is usually a shortfall. Therefore, education loan plays a vital role in bridging this gap. At the same time, it is important to carefully plan and manage your education finance to make your repayment journey smoother.
Cash advances are one fast way to access cash. However, these people should realize exactly what they entail prior to applying for these loans. Payday cash advances are not an inexpensive solution, and customers can quickly find themselves in more debt if they're not careful.
If you find yourself stuck with a payday loan that you cannot pay off, call the loan company, and lodge a complaint. Most people have legitimate complaints, about the high fees charged to extend payday cash advances for another pay period. Most loan companies will give you a discount on your loan fees or interest, but you don't get if you don't ask -- so be sure to ask!
If you have to use a payday loan because of an emergency, or unexpected event, understand that many people are put in an unfavorable position by doing this. If you do not use them responsibly, you could wind up in a cycle that you cannot get out of. You could be in debt to the payday loan company for a very long time.
Do not take out a payday loan for much more than you can afford to repay. There are many companies that will give you a higher amount than you can afford. This means they will get more money.
Don't be so quick to give out your personal information during the payday loan application process. They may request private information, and some companies may sell this information or use it for fraudulent purposes. Always verify that the company is reputable.
Write down your payment due dates. After you get the payday loan, you will have to pay it back, or at least make a payment. Even if you forget when a payment date is, the company will attempt to withdrawal the amount from your bank account. Writing down delaware payday loans will help you remember, so that you have no problems with your bank.
Do not be surprised if a payday lender requests information on your bank account. This may make you uncomfortable, but it is usually a general practice. Payday loan companies expect to be paid back promptly when your paycheck comes through.
Only take out a payday loan, if you have no other options. Payday loan providers generally charge borrowers extortionate interest rates, and administration fees. Therefore, you should explore other methods of acquiring quick cash before, resorting to a payday loan. You could, for example, borrow some money from friends, or family.
An important tip to anyone looking to take out a payday loan is to make sure that whichever lender you are applying to get the loan from is licensed in your state. Your state has its own laws. The lender has to be able to participate in lending in that state.
When you are in a multiple payday loan situation, avoid consolidation of the loans into one large loan. If you are unable to repay small loans, you certainly won't have the ability to pay off a larger one. See if you can pay the loans by using lower interest rates. This will let you get out of debt quicker.
Payday lenders usually require multiple phone numbers during the application process. http://winifred32ivory.bloguetechno.com/Thinking-About-Cash-Loan-Look-Here-Very-First--17143777 will normally request a home, cell and work number before they proceed. On top of these numbers, you may also have to supply the numbers of three other references.
With so many payday cash advances out there, you should always compare interest rates before choosing which loan you will apply too. Payday cash advances have notoriously high interest rates, and still, some are higher than others. Try, and choose a payday loan that offers the lowest interest rates possible, so you can save some money.
Do your research on any payday lender before you trust them with your information. Go to review sites and see what others have had to say about their transactions. Review each lenders privacy policy to make sure your information will be protected.
Although there are a lot of negatives associated with payday advances, the major positive is that the money can be deposited into your account the next day for immediate availability. personal finance advice blog is important if, you need the money for an emergency situation, or an unexpected expense. Do some research, and read the fine print to make sure you understand the exact cost of your loan.
You should get payday loans from a physical location instead, of relying on Internet websites. This is a good idea, because you will know exactly who it is you are borrowing from. Check the listings in your area to see if there are any lenders close to you before you go, and look online.
Instead of resorting to a payday loan, consider throwing a yard sale. You may be amazed at the amount of money you bring in from things you no longer use. If it is too cold outside, sell some items on EBay. Go through your attic or basement and see what others might buy.
Make sure you know what interest rate you will be charged for the loan. Companies vary. Some are forthcoming about interest. Others are secretive. Always keep this in mind when you are considering getting a payday loan.
Ease your worries about lack of collateral with a payday loan. Most lenders want you to pledge some asset that you own when borrowing money, so that they have something to take if you cannot pay back the loan. Cash advance loans, although only available in small amounts, provide cash without collateral. This means that, even if you have no assets to pledge, you can still get a payday loan when you need one.
Getting all the facts is very important before making a decision on where to apply for a loan, what to look for and what to avoid. Hopefully, the article you just read has answered your questions and will steer you in the right direction as far as cash advances are concerned and how you can best help yourself out.
Surrounding Oil & gas Fields:Seven Oil and Gas Fields about 60km to the north with estimated reserves of 500 BCF gas and 50 MMBBLO in Triassic & Jurassic sands and carbonates. Sidi Rhalem oil field produced 9 MMBO of oil from Jurassic Carbonates
Tamanar-2 well after drilling to a depth of 4306m is currently suspended. Drilling will be resumed in 2018.
Assignment Essays has experienced and skilled authors who are what you require to get custom APA papers composing remedy.If you are looking for research paper essay example work online and you have carried out a search for an example research paper only to find numerous results of being displayed then you may think that you have stumbled upon an easy way of getting the work done.Next time you require an APA research paper. apa paper, apa research paper outline, apa style, apa style.To ensure that you are as satisfied as possible, you can even remain in contact with them as they produce the work.
There is a specific look to an APA format research paper and to make certain you adhere to the style guidelines, you should format.To be sure of receiving work to a high standard, you can even take advantage of free revisions, and rest assured, all our writers can write to even the tightest deadlines.Our team makes it certain that any order is well-researched and the pieces we.
Every essay is checked for any instances of similarity at all stages of your order to make sure you receive the final product exactly as you specified it initially.
If you were looking for an APA research paper example, or indeed an MLA research paper example, then we certainly can help you.I know a few writing companies with quite nice writers and high level of papers quality, but only here I saw what good service really means. The sophisticated technology that is used these days to check for plagiarism can easily identify the fact that you have used such a piece of work - if you can find it, so can they.
However, when you order essay writing on our site, we try to find a.In case a relevant person is not available at the moment, a student will be offered a different penman.We are not done with your paper until You are completely satisfied with your paper.By having such a tailor-made piece of work created for you, you can be sure to avoid the risks of plagiarism as the work will be entirely plagiarism free.
Academic term papers are just a part of every single education, even APA style term papers.Writing a research paper in APA style is quite...
Just log in to your account and check if you are satisfied with the work done.Writing format your paper:. paper using APA style research paper in APA style.Having heard about the risks of using samples of research papers that you have found online, you may think that finding help to do your work is too good to be true.College Research Paper College Term Paper Paper Writing Papers for Money Chicago Style Papers APA Style Papers MLA.
This caption will be replaced after all of the photos from the Fair are exported to this site. Please check the index page to see if we already know who the principal subject of this photo is.
Can you help us identify anyone else in this or other photographs in this collection? If so, please write to us at CalifSF@usc.edu giving the name of the student (or judge) you see and the picture identifier "h0427". Please describe which student you are identifying.
One day in the near future neurosurgeons may get some help in the operating room from a robot that will have movements that will be at least ten times steadier you’re your human hand. This robot will be used to do delicate brain surgeries. The European Commission is saying that this project is a “breakthrough in robotic neurosurgery”. This type of robotic neurosurgery could help in the future to treat epilepsy, Tourette syndrome, tumors, and Parkinson’s disease.
This steady handed robot was developed by German, Italian, Israeli, and British researchers. A surgeon will guide the robotic hand, which has thirteen different movements in comparison to the four that are available to human hands during invasive surgery. The robotic hand will even give clues which will let surgeons feel the amount of the force they are applying during surgery and to access tissue.
So far the robot has only been used and tested on a dummy performing just keyhole neurosurgery. This type of surgery is where a probe will enter a small hole in a skull to take blood and other liquids or to manipulate tissue. Using a robot like this one can help to reduce the surgeon’s tremor tenfold. This will help to make them very useful to protect the important delicate brain matter.
At this time, there is not projected date when this type of robot would be available to be used on humans.
Tradewinds Airport Hotel, hotel in South Los Angeles - Find rooms at a hotel in South Los Angeles | Spring break and summer vacations
An All suite Hotel conveniently located three miles from LAX international airport with FREE 24 Hours Airport Shuttle Service
FREE coffee tea and fresh baked blueberry muffins every morning. FREE champagne party featuring hot appetizers. FREE Afternoon tea and fresh baked Otis Spunkmeyer cookies
Tradewinds Airport Hotel, hotel in South Los Angeles - Find rooms at a hotel in South Los Angeles | Spring break and summer vacations - Hotels in historic towns
Buy cheaper Eli Lilly by applying coupons and promo codes at Couponeed.com. Smart way to find best top offers and deals at stores online or at its local locations.
Our comprehensive online guide to Kootenays Daily and Weekly Rental Suites listings include hotels, resorts, motels, bed and breakfasts, long-term and short-term rentals and much more. Find your ideal {CITY} Accommodation here!
Be part of In Vancouver Web Services Web Portals. Our 6 regional portals focus on businesses, accommodations, dining, shopping, and events in each city/area of the region.
Welcome to the best Online Guide to Okanagan Accommodations. Our directory listings include hotels, resorts, motels, bed and breakfasts, long-term and short-term rentals and much more. Find your ideal Accommodation here!
Buy designer fragrances, perfumes, colognes and gift sets for guys and girls from Necessary Shopping mall at a reduction of approximately 75% off perfume retail retailers.
Colon Cleaning is known to supply loads of Advantages and one of several meant capacity is to forestall colon cancer. Is that this legitimate or is it merely a ploy orchestrated to lift have a peek here the hopes of individuals and make us scamper to acquire colon cleansing kits?
San Diego aerial photography for business, construction, real-estate and lawful. We've in excess of twenty years of encounter capturing a lot of the very best aerial images probable.
All videos under the management of xvideos, xnxx. Clipqq.com aren't responsible for related to content.
Statistics counter:571 / 19 / 5 - DoDownload made 24.7 MB download traffic in the current month and 742.3 MB overall
SE292.rar file was thoroughly tested by our system on Oct 24, 2010 by the three antivirus programs and passed. Is absolutely clean, enjoy!
Look at the free or trial alternatives and similar apps to Subtitle Edit software by the tags. It's possible also to find substitutes for the most popular titles in the Video & Multimedia category.
The doDownload.com constantly monitors the update of all programs, including information from the Subtitle Edit 3.2.9 changelog file, however sometimes it can happen that data are not complete or are outdated.We assume that author continue's to develop 3.3.0 version with further advanced features, and soon you will be informed. Equally important 4.0.0 upgrades of the program we will continue to monitor. Full Subtitle Edit description has been compared with the overall software database and our algorithm has found the following applications (are showed below).
...2 tool to edit subtitles for GNU...It can be used for new subtitles or as a tool to transform...which makes it easier to synchronise subtitles to voices...
Invalid phone where you can complete the reservation for the hotel deal found on trivago. With Top Secret Hotels, you can enjoy a night in a great hotel room for a be in effect at the time of your search. Prices do not include again. Each of our spacious suites offers a fully equipped kitchen, free Hi-Fi, flat-screen encountered an error. Mac: of Brands © 2016 chg. How? action? The TripAdvisor website may before they're gone! We automatically sync your account across all of your devices. trivago’s hotel search allows users to compare hotel the optimal experience. Soon you'll receive news about
Experts remain debating when people began putting on outfits. Ralf Kittler, Manfred Kayser and Mark Stoneking, anthropologists within the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology, have conducted a genetic Assessment of human body lice that means apparel originated around 170,000 many years back. Physique lice are an indicator of clothes-putting on, given that most people have sparse body hair, and lice Hence involve human apparel to survive.
The 4 important existing vogue capitals are acknowledged to generally be Paris, Milan, Ny city, and London, which can be all headquarters to the greatest manner providers and therefore are renowned for his or her important influence on world wide fashion. Style weeks are held in these towns, exactly where designers show their new clothes collections to audiences.
Considering that fakes are distinguishable by their poorer high-quality, there continues to be a desire for luxurious products, and as merely a trademark or symbol is usually copyrighted, several manner makes make this Among the most visible components of the garment or accent.
The challenge was that even though the Cycle Watch experienced Seattle apartments trapped during the depths on the cycle at posture 2, the actual current market was exploding significantly on the new design facet:
Want to simply sneak absent and read a e book? This condo is the right Option. Get lost to among the list of bedrooms tucked absent over the condo and escape each of the motion.
Ashworth Partners is really a member of Amazon Associates, an affiliate method which allows Internet sites to gain commissions by linking to Amazon. When you purchase a guide on Amazon from considered one of our links we receive a small commission, frequently below fifty cents.
Metropolis governments have authority to generate guidelines governing exercise in cities, although its jurisdiction is normally regarded as subordinate (in ascending get) to point out/provincial, national, and maybe Global regulation. This hierarchy of legislation will not be enforced rigidly in apply—for example in conflicts amongst municipal rules and nationwide rules like constitutional legal rights and property legal rights.
Our household has stayed in see this numerous vacation rentals over the years and Ashworth Condo at Delton Grand is certainly the this website most effective!! We had fifteen adult relations alongside one another for a great weekend of enjoyment.
Ashworth and Bird is a novel sort of garments retail shop. It’s a mix of outdated-style traditional values and the newest types and fashions. The store still retains real to Frank Bird’s values.
Outdoors this cottage in close proximity to Todmorden is actually a mature back garden with a decked space which delivers a stunning House for lights the barbecue and dining alfresco.
Other steps of inflation might be applied but love it or detest it, the CPI-U is readily available. Also Once i corresponded with Dr. Mueller during my research (see under) he didn’t object to your CPI-U getting used. Economists could (and do) have principled arguments about which evaluate to utilize which could (and do) fill entire publications but that is certainly outside the house the scope of the report.
The thought of unisex dressing originated from the 1960s when designers including Pierre Cardin and Rudi Gernreich designed garments, like extend jersey tunics or leggings, meant to get worn by both of those males and girls. The impression of unisex expands much more broadly to encompass numerous themes in fashion such as androgyny, mass-market place retail, and conceptual apparel.[22] The fashion tendencies in the seventies, which include sheepskin jackets, flight jackets, duffel coats, and unstructured clothes affected Adult males to attend social gatherings without having a tuxedo jacket and also to decorate in new methods.
The girls cherished them! Mike's spouse also wrote us the sweetest welcome Be aware. The personal contact is beyond a ten/10! There's also a binder with info on every thing you could need to know with regard to the condo.
Towns ever more get involved in globe political actions independently of their enclosing learn this here now nation-states. Early examples of this phenomenon are classified as the sister town connection and the marketing of multi-level governance in just the eu Union as a way for European integration.
HENDERSON, CO – Nuka Enterprises announced today that Dr. Suzanne A. Sisley has joined the leadership team as Medical Director for New Jersey and will be supporting the [...]
By Sue Vorenberg Cannabis Daily Record Using cannabis to fight stress and anxiety can be a tricky business. While some strains can help you relax and move your mind into the [...]
Your career is just ONE YEAR AWAY! Ridge Technical College offers professional training and certification in some of the fastest growing careers in the nation. With more than 20 pathways within reach, we're here to help you find the path that's right for you.
Ridge Technical College has a long history of service to the students of Polk County... nearly 30 years!
Welcome to Ridge Technical College (RTC). I am elated that you have decided to pursue real world, relevant and skill-based training that is offered at our institution. It is Ridge Technical College's goal to provide all students with practical educational experience that is needed in the society which we live. Regardless of the economy, the education and training received at RTC has helped many individuals experience the American dream.
Career assessment and counseling is available to guide you if there are questions regarding your program choice. Our caring instructional staff is willing and ready to assist you while you develop your employable and leadership skills. You are encouraged to make the most of these valuable resources while enrolled with us.
Ridge Technical College will continue to strive at being one of the best Post-Secondary Institutions that offers Career and Technical education. Come check us out, you will be glad you did.
In 1972, the need for a new vocational-technical center was conceived by the General Advisory Committee of Polk Vocational-Technical Center. As a result, Ridge Technical College was born as: Ridge Vocational-Technical Center, 7700 State Road 544, Winter Haven, Florida 33881.
A survey was developed and completed in 1974 establishing student interests, county goals and graduate job opportunities.
The site of approximately 52 acres was selected in 1975. Its location was geographically placed in the Northeast section of Polk County, eight miles northeast of downtown Winter Haven and two miles south of Haines City. The plans were drawn and Mr. Bill Hampton was hired as the Director.
Construction on the facility started in 1977 and staff development began in the summer of 1978 with Dr. William Blank from the University of South Florida. The postsecondary vocational-technical center opened in 1978 in various locations (not at its permanent site) while the present facility was being completed.
In January of 1979, students and staff moved into the new Center. On May 20,1979, a formal dedication was held with distinguished guests, Governor Bob Graham; Superintendent of Schools; Homer Addair, school board members and friends present. Over the years, several career programs were added to meet the needs of the workforce and the community.
Our basic philosophy at Ridge Technical College is that students will be better prepared to enter the job market if their training closely resembles on-the-job situations. The goal of instructors is to assist students in acquiring the knowledge, skills and attitudes needed to gain entry into and advance in an occupation. Therefore, each training program is based on technical knowledge which applies to the chosen occupation, performance of valid job tasks and the cultivation of healthy job related attitudes and values. Students are provided with effective learning experiences designed to help them attain relevant job competencies.
Every effort is made at Ridge Technical College to assist students in reaching an informed decision about entering a career training program best suited to their individual needs and aptitudes. Students are encouraged to choose their programs after exploring their potential choices and discovering their own strengths and weaknesses, aptitudes and interests. Guidance is also available to help students succeed in their chosen program and secure employment when leaving Ridge Technical College.
It is also Ridge's philosophy to accept students at the level of competency they have achieved upon entering the program and provide competencies to give them training for various jobs. At Ridge Technical College, we make it possible for each student to meet both short- and long-range employment goals. We can tailor instruction to the wide variety of student needs through our policy of open-entry and open-exit, self-paced, individualized instruction. Students enter and exit Ridge Technical College when personal employment considerations dictate. Students progress through learning experiences at their own rate and focus on attaining the competencies necessary to meet their personal career goals.
Ridge's philosophy, when put into practice, means that each program resembles as closely as possible the job setting for which training is being offered. Equipment, tools, supplies and environment closely match those on the job. Each program is managed by instructors who are not only skilled workers in their trade or business but are well trained in the professional skills of teaching their business or trade to others. Our instructors exhibit pride in their profession and enthusiasm in teaching it to others.
The mission of Ridge Technical College is to assess, prepare, and place individuals in successful and rewarding careers in an increasingly competitive and changing employment market.
Ridge Technical College is an authorized testing center for many industry certifications and academic placement tests. Some of these tests are available to individuals who are not enrolled in our career programs. For more information about tests you can take today, click on the tabs below.
Ridge Technical College is a NATE (North American Technician Excellence) testing center. This is an online knowledge-based test for installation or service technicians. You must pass the CORE Service or Installation test and one Specialty test to become certified.
The Florida Department of Education requires that students entering a Workforce Education Certificate Program must have recently taken the Test of Adult Basic Education (TABE).
If you have an A.A. or A.S. degree or higher from an accredited institution or you are enrolling in a program less than 450 hours in length.
For more information regarding exceptions to the TABE Assessment test, visit our TABE Assessment Information page
Without documented instructional time, you must wait 3 months to retest, testing fee waived. You must wait 6 months for a 3rd attempt. Please call (863) 419-3060 for information on retesting and scheduling.
The Southern Association of Colleges and Schools, Council on Accreditation and School Improvement, an accreditation division of AdvanED
Witamy Na Tanie Puma Xt S Rozmycie Mężczyźni Niska Kolekcja Buty Limoges-dark Shadow-płonący Ce, Dostępne Online, Bez Podatku Kupno Sprzedaży Dghmnstvz7
Our client is a FTSE 100 firm - working in Financial Services / Asset Management - they are a great organisation to work for and offer fantastic working environment / work/life balance and career progression.
- You will need experience of Corporate Tax / Operational Tax - ideally / desirably tax work as applied to Alternative Investment Funds / Investment Funds and an understanding (or ability to learn quickly) the withholding tax issues for alternative investment funds and a knowledge of VAT etc for Alternative Investment Funds
You are going to watch Kaidan Restaurant english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 13722 release.
TV Asahi announced a new kids anime "Kaidan Restaurant (Thriller Restaurant)" based on a picture book. Each episode will consist of three stories or ''dishes'': the appetizer, the main dish, and dessert. The first two ''dishes'' will deal with an ordinary sixth-grade schoolgirl named Ako Ozara and the bizarre occurrences that befall her classmates. The third ''dish'' will be a standalone short ghost story told by Ako and her friends.
You are going to watch Aru Zombie Shoujo no Sainan english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 49761 release.
The World Cup final will be contested by France and Croatia on Sunday in Moscow while the 3rd place game will feature losing semi-finalists Belgium and England. It is a game neither team want to play, even if it could determine if Harry Kane wins the Golden Boot.
"It's a young team, the majority of the players will play in the next World Cup with more experience at club level", the Portuguese boss told RT.
Being an Everton fan if big Sam had been the manager of @England we would not have got out the group stages!
However, he was ridiculed during his playing days after missing a crucial penalty at Euro 96 to see England lose on home soil to Germany.
"Everything I have done in my life and in my professional career I owe to my faith, and I am grateful to my Lord", Dalic said.
Thousands of fans gathered at major outdoor screenings for the knockout games as World Cup fever gripped the nation. Didier Deschamps faced a lot of heat for his inclusion but the player has come up with the goods.
Federation Internationale de Football Association has selected Nestor Pitana to referee the World Cup final between France and Croatia on Sunday. It is what it is, but we'll try and play that game with as much pride as a team as try and finish on a high.
Part of the issue, administration officials said, is that the systems weren't set up to reunify parents with their children. Officials say 57 of the 103 children separated at the US-Mexico border were returned to parents as of Thursday.
She was recently seen sticking out her tongue at photographers while arriving at Prince Harry and Meghan's wedding in May. According to the site, she also wore matching Manolo Blahnik suede pumps and a hat from Stephen Jones Millinery.
Trump slams Russia's 'captive' Germany over gas deal ahead of North Atlantic Treaty Organisation summit
Of Nato's 29 members, just five meet that target this year: the US, Greece, Estonia, the United Kingdom and Latvia. Trump called Germany a rich country that could increase its defense spending immediately if it wanted to.
A Downing Street spokeswoman added: "We would like to host a reception for the team who did so well in Russian Federation and that is something we are going to talk to the Football Association about".
At this year's World Cup, teams can pay a heavy price for not getting a second goal to reward itself for a dominating period of play.
What epitomised all of that for me was the way the England fans behaved this week, after arriving in their thousands before the semi-final.
Sensibly, Southgate says he will wait to see how well his players recover from another gruelling contest before picking a side.
Kieran Trippier returned to England training on Friday morning after recovering from a groin problem ahead of Saturday's World Cup third-place play-off against Belgium.
The French teenager has been handed the number 29 shirt following his switch to Arsenal in the summer transfer window. Lucas Torreira , Bernd Leno , Sokratis, Matteo Guendouzi and Stephan Lichtsteiner have all arrived at Arsenal .
And he was up by 0-40 on Anderson's serve two games later and could not convert any of the break point opportunities. Anderson, a three-time All-American at IL , moves onto the semifinals of Wimbledon for the first time in his career.
The storm moved through Watford City shortly after midnight, hitting an RV park the hardest, according to sheriff's officials. Dozens were injured in an RV park in Watford City , North Dakota, when tornado caused widespread destruction.
But services including financial services such as accounting and insurance account for three-quarters of the British economy. Trump planned to meet with May again Friday for lunch and the two were scheduled to hold a joint press conference.
Mrs May addressed the '22, warning that an attempt to topple her risked handing power to Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn. May has faced anger from Brexit hardliners in her party who say her plan makes too many concessions to the EU.
Whole genome sequencing was used to identify the food source, which initially was thought to be limited to frozen corn. Avoiding deli meat while pregnant can reduce the risk of listeria , which is especially harmful to pregnant women.
Meghan Markle seemingly broke royal protocol when she and Prince Harry were on their first overseas trip as a married couple. And she has also been adapting her style as she grows into her new role. (Source: AP) Meghan Markle opted for a Dior dress.
Pickford was similarly heroic at the other end, denying Mandzukic at point-blank range after the striker met Perisic's cross. Harry Kane & Co. will deal with the same disappointment that felled Shearer and Platt, Gazza and Wazza, Beckham and Gerrard.
The payments also were meant to try to prevent insurers from cherry-picking healthier patients to keep costs down. Tell the Republican Congress and administration to quit playing politics with our health.
Oregon Wild, which works to protect and restore Oregon wildlands, wildlife and waters, sees a darker impact from the pardon. The Hammonds, meanwhile, were convicted of a "very serious crime" that shouldn't be brushed aside, he said.
As captain of the Portuguese team in the 2018 World Cup, he scored four goals, including a hat-trick against Spain. Its members will walk out at 22:00 local time on Sunday and remain on strike until 18:00 on the following Tuesday.
The annual salary in 2018 for a circuit court judge is $220,600, according to the Administrative Office of the U.S. But for Kavanaugh, the differences are stark between his finances and those of his would-be peers on the Court.
Last night he exorcised those ghosts, helping to shut Harry Kane down as Croatia reached the World Cup final. "Without being arrogant, I think I have proved to be one of the best defenders in the world".
China promised to lodge complaints at the World Trade Organization but didn't detail what its retaliatory measures would be. The White House has recently increased tariffs on imports from a number of countries.
Facebook has a chance to respond to the ICO before a final decision is made on the fine. Facebook said it was reviewing the report and would respond soon.
England captain Eoin Morgan said his team will have to improve against Indian spinners if it has to bounce back in the series. England never got to grips with Kuldeep as he took apart their top order, initially claiming three for seven in two overs.
Brainard had recently brough Zsa Zsa on the Today show to celebrate her victory, just days before her sudden, devastating death. The dog was previously rescued from a puppy mill in Missouri when she was five years old, according to the Star Tribune .
Northwest history. Lumber industry & by-products. Resources. 1919-02-12 :: WSU Libraries Digital Collections
Description Idaho has a big timber reserve. - That Idaho ranks fourth among the states in wealth of forests, with a total area of more than 20,000,000 acres of heavily timbered land; with a total of 130,000,000,000 feet, board measure, and that the annual production of lumber is 777,000,000 board feet, are some of the statistics compiled by the school of forestry of the University of Idaho, which recently opened a correspondence course in "lumber and its uses."
In the Joint Communique issued by the President of the United States and Mexico, after their meeting in Mexico City, they stated:
"In relation to the problem of salinity of waters of the Colorado River, the two Presidents discussed the studies which have been conducted by the scientists of the two countries. The two Presidents noted that the water which the U.S. plans to release during the winter of 1962-63 for River regulation, and such other measures that may be immediately feasible, should have the beneficial effect of reducing the salinity of water until October 1963. They expressed their determination, with the scientific studies as a basis, to reach a permanent and effective solution at the earliest possible time with the aim of preventing the recurrence of this problem after October 1963."
You will recall that, after the meeting between the two Presidents, we worked out a schedule for the winter of 1962-63 (October February), which coordinated the irrigation diversions of Mexico at Morelos Dam with the water delivered in the bed of the Colorado River. Under this arrangement, there were certain days during the winter of 1962-63 on which Mexico allowed waters to by-pass the headgates of the Alamo Canal. A similar arrangement was worked out for the winter of 1963-64.
Text Annex B My dear Commissioner Herrera: In the Joint Communique issued by the President of the United States and Mexico, after their meeting in Mexico City, they stated: "In relation to the problem of salinity of waters of the Colorado River, the two Presidents discussed the studies which have been conducted by the scientists of the two countries. The two Presidents noted that the water which the U.S. plans to release during the winter of 1962-63 for River regulation, and such other measures that may be immediately feasible, should have the beneficial effect of reducing the salinity of water until October 1963. They expressed their determination, with the scientific studies as a basis, to reach a permanent and effective solution at the earliest possible time with the aim of preventing the recurrence of this problem after October 1963." You will recall that, after the meeting between the two Presidents, we worked out a schedule for the winter of 1962-63 (October February), which coordinated the irrigation diversions of Mexico at Morelos Dam with the water delivered in the bed of the Colorado River. Under this arrangement, there were certain days during the winter of 1962-63 on which Mexico allowed waters to by-pass the headgates of the Alamo Canal. A similar arrangement was worked out for the winter of 1963-64. The Presidents met at Palm Springs, California, on February 22-23, 1964, at which time they stated:
735081 Dairy and fruit juice products, fresh food rations $67,000.00 Department of Defence 2012-07-13 PARMALAT
578932 Dairy and fruit juice products, fresh food rations $31,000.00 Department of Defence 2012-04-17 PARMALAT
Two children raised by single parents attempt to reunite their parents to enjoy the happiness of a complete family.
This is a project about the meeting of eras; the slowly exposed remnants of past dockyard structures, revealed by years of archaeology. And the fast paced comparatively short-lived new developments of large scale housing. They meet in this project at ground level; this level defines the territory of the investigation into this unique site. A place existing +10 meters above sea level and -10 meters below. A place generated from 1513 until 2000 and then degenerated before re-generation.
Places that demand not to be lost are exposed for the first time to the city at large for the first time in their existence. Those people that demanded are free to explore these places for the first time in 500 years and allowed to appreciate all that the place has to offer without displacing the creations of contemporary society.
I am incredibly lucky that during my time at the school, every year has thrown up some surprise that far exceeds my expectations. Honours has been the final highlight of an amazing 5 years; thanks entirely to the great friends, teachers and staff who have all been there to help me through all the up and downs that we all go through. I thank all the people who have tried to teach me something while I keep falling back into the same ideas. I am certain something got through because I think things are changing slightly, and will continue to change as me and all those graduating are unleashed upon the world to continue what we are doing, slightly changed, and hopefully sometimes together, into the years to come.
Shoes worry about cookies. Sneakers say om nom nom This site relies on cookies to give you the full sneaker experience. You won't be able to 'Love' sneakers without them. We won't store personal information about you or your computer.
Tyler, The Creator and Converse made a new Golf Le Fleur* Two-Tone collection just for you… and for everyone else. Several years ago, Tyler, The Creator had a vision to launch a line of sneakers to go with his Golf …
is available from ShelfLife stores Fans of Staples will remember the collection’s Chuck 70s as Staples’ go-to stage wear during his Life Aquatic tour “If you’re not really paying that much attention, you won’t know the difference. But it’s (the …
THE STREETS OF BERLIN INSPIRE NEW COLLABORATION FROM CONVERSE AND LEGENDARY SKATE SHOP CIVILIST Since its debut in 2009, Alex “Foley” Flach has established Civilist as a household name in the global skateboarding community. The Berlin-based store serves as …
Juan Smit is a master of adjusting to crusty spots. In his spare time away from his occupation as a firefighter for the City of Cape Town, Juan spends his time searching for potential skate spots, as well as building …
Converse together with Capsule Fest have taken Waves Brand to its next evolution, a stand-alone stage at a major festival. The Converse Waves Stage will boast the best in urban indie arts with the likes of 2 Lee Stark, J …
LATEST COLLECTION MARKS THE CONTINUED PARTNERSHIP WITH SKATER KENNY ANDERSON Converse Cons has partnered with Kenny Anderson and his long-time board sponsor, Chocolate Skateboards. The new Converse Cons X Chocolate footwear and apparel collection was designed with skaters in mind, …
LA Days is a film composed by Pontus Alv and Ben Chadourne Edited by James Cruickshank celebrating the Converse Cons X Polar Skate Co. Jack Purcell Pro and featuring Cons and Polar riders Aaron Herrington, Jonas Skroder, David Stenström, Paul …
The Cons Euro team explored the Italian city of Lecce for Skateboardmag. The video was filmed and edited by James Cruickshank in association with Converse Cons. Filmed on location in the region of Puglia, Italy, the video stars Felipe Bartolomé, …
Forever Creative – With Every Footstep Seth Pimentel, a.k.a African Ginger, is a Johannesburg born and raised artist whose skills lie in visual art and illustration. His distinguishable art style finds inspiration in hip hop culture, skate culture, punk culture …
The Converse Cons South Africa crew embarked on a road trip in November 2016 from Johannesburg to Durban with a quick stop at Indigo in the valley of 1000 hills. Unfortunately, Durban’s Golden Mile that’s famed for sun, sand and sea …
“If you have a skateboard, you’re never bored”. These words from skateboarding legend Luke Jackson. Luke is known as the most responsible man in skateboarding; he runs local skateboarding bible Session Magazine, Baseline Skate Shop and in a skate consultant …
We are the reliable source for industrial and research tools in all applications: thermal evaporation, sputtering, plasma, electron-beam and specials. Organic electronics, PLD, cat-arc, ion-plating....
We are an engineering and manufacturing company. If you can name it, we've made it; if you can sketch it, we'll make it.
Cooke makes a variety of vacuum components and subsystems, including chambers, feedthroughs, controls and instrumentation. Custom components can be surprisingly economical, as is modification or repair to obsolete or other brand equipment.
Process development and research done on-site. And we don't ask for equity in your company! See our new page.
Okay! Begin buttering the pan you want to use (preferably one made ​​for bread or plumacakes, it leavens alot) and begin to mix all the dry ingredients: flour, baking powder and soda, cinnamon, salt and sugar in a bowl.
Then, squash the bananas (by hand with a fork!) until obtaining a pulp. Add to the second bowl and mix everything.
In the first bowl, make a hole and add the contents of the second bowl. Mix slowly being careful not to overwork the dough. At this point you can add 200 g of dark chocolate (drops!) if you like, and / or 80 g walnuts/almonds/pine nuts toasted and chopped forto.
Aunt Ettorina was a friend of my grandmother that I loved, because she never showed by without her wonderful apple pie.
Peel the apples, pour away the core and thinly slice about half an inch thick, then cut into pieces of about 2 inches per side, taking care to put aside at least ten whole slices for garnish. At this point if you want to avoid blackening due to oxidation, you can put them in a bowl, covering them with lemon juice (otherwise doesn't matter, I didn't and in the cake you will hardly notice any difference).
In a bowl mix the eggs with the sugar first, then add the flour, salt and begin to mix adding milk gradually until the consistency is creamy enough. At this point add the yeast first and mix and then the apple pieces.
Pour the mixture into a buttered baking pan, preferably with a detachable board and on the surface (the mixture should be sufficiently thick) garnish with the
In preheated oven, without fan, at 180 degrees for 40-50 minutes (in any case until a toothpick comes out clean and dry). Let it cool and before eating sprinkle with a little of sugar icing.
Get your daily Celebrity Gossip Fix right here. We bring together the best, funniest, darkest and most amazing stories from around the net featuring the people whos lives you just can ignore.
Brief DescriptionAuto car radiator with aluminium alloy and PA66 plastic. It is for DAEWOO KALOS. The core size is 480x418
Brief DescriptionAuto car radiator with aluminium alloy and PA66 plastic. It is for HONDA ACCORD. The core size is 350x668
Brief DescriptionAuto car radiator with aluminium alloy and PA66 plastic. It is for HONDA CIVIC. The core size is 350x348
Brief DescriptionAuto car radiator with aluminium alloy and PA66 plastic. It is for HONDA CIVIC. The core size is 350x658
Brief DescriptionAuto car radiator with aluminium alloy and PA66 plastic. It is for HONDA CRV. The core size is 400x728
Brief Descriptionauto radiator for nissan,we have ISO 2008 and T/S16949 quality certification,We make quality certificate of 1 year. We are excellent manfacto
Brief Descriptionauto radiator for NISSAN Runny ,we have ISO 2008 and T/S16949 quality certification,We make quality certificate of 1 year. We are excellent manfacto
Brief Descriptionauto radiator for daewoo nubria ,we have ISO 2008 and T/S16949 quality certification,We make quality certificate of 1 year. We are excellent manfacto
Brief Descriptionauto radiator for Nissan,we have ISO 2008 and T/S16949 quality certification,We make quality certificate of 1 year. We are excellent manfacto
Brief Descriptionauto radiator for toyota pick up,we have ISO 2008-2012 and T/S16949 quality certification,We make certificate of 1 year. We are excellent manfact
Brief DescriptionWe are the manufacturer of radiator.Exporting radiator with good quality and low price . please visit our website to know more ahout us:http://www
Brief Descriptionauto radiator for Audi VW Passat,it sells well in Germany,America,Hongkong,and other market. We make quality certificate of 1 year. We are excellent
Brief Descriptionauto radiator for FIAT,we have ISO 2008 and T/S16949 quality certification,We make quality certificate of 1 year. We are excellent manfacto
Brief Descriptionauto radiator for FIAT PUNTO,we have ISO 2008-2012 and T/S16949 quality certification,We make quality certificate of 1 year. We are excellent manfacto
Any unauthorized reproduction of any content herein is strictly prohibited.Global Market Group shall not be responsible nor liable for any liability relating to, arising out of or in connection with any defects of products offered or otherwise provided by third party suppliers listed on this website.Any unauthorized reproduction of any content herein is strictly prohibited.
The Corporate Insight Blog provides our clients with current and upcoming digital trends, news, and insights across financial services industries on variety of digital topics including mobile finance, social media, online financial platforms, user experience best practices and other hot-button tech issues.
Every Tuesday, Corporate Insight releases recommendations to help financial services firms improve a key aspect of the online user experience. Recommendations are taken directly from our Monitor Reports and Consulting Services research, which cover the banking, brokerage, credit card, asset management and insurance industries.
This week’s recommendations come from our Broker Monitor report titled Trade Confirmation Review: Providing Key Data for Clients’ Records and focus on ways firms can improve their paper trade confirmations:
Make sure to provide key details – Beyond required information for recording trade activity and calculating the net settlement amount, a number of firms provide helpful trade details that other firms should emulate. Most – but not all – firms include on their confirmations the client’s account type, a transaction reference number and the security’s CUSIP or security number.
Itemize fees and charges – One of the key items clients may check for on their confirmations is how much the transaction cost them. Clarity on commissions and any extra fees is crucial. Commissions definitely deserve their own data point; many firms also leave space for numerous different charges, such as transaction or processing fees. These different types of fees should be explained in disclosures.
Use a clean table format – The most readable, client-friendly confirmations use an organized table format, with clear headings and borders to make all information clear. Confirmations should not rely on floating text or “Other Information” descriptions, which could cause clients to overlook important details. A well-designed table could also support printing multiple transactions from a given day on one form, presenting totals in an efficient manner.
Provide ample contact information – Confirmations are a last chance for clients to make sure trade details are as they understood. Should clients have any questions, the confirmation should present a clear path for correcting any errors. Firms should make sure clients can immediately turn to their preferred channel or line of support with any inquiries – online, telephone customer service, branch, advisor, etc.
Promote – but do not force – e-Delivery – e-Delivery offers benefits for firms, clients and the environment. It makes sense for firms to promote this option, for instance on mailing envelopes or within documents themselves. However, many clients have good reasons to prefer old-fashioned paper confirmations. Firms should not be heavy-handed in imposing blanket policies across their client bases or charging fees.
POPoNAUT - Ticket- und Musikversand verwendet Cookies, um Ihnen den bestmöglichen Service zu gewährleisten. Wenn Sie auf der Seite weitersurfen, stimmen Sie derCookie-Nutzungzu.Ich stimme zu
The other day, out of nowhere, my new neighbours gave me a giant piece of lemon pie that they made. It was absolutely delicious. Lemon pie is my favourite!!! They handed it to me in a plastic Tupperware container. But, I couldn't give them their container back empty! I do have manners, after all! So, I decided to make them some cookies and they were going to be in for a treat.
I think I may have made my best cookie recipe yet. Double motherfuckin' chocolate cookies with white chocolate chips and walnuts.
I had a couple after they were done, and if awesome had a taste, that's what it would taste like. Jesus, Lord almighty! They are some fine cookies, I tell ya! But, instead of just bragging about how god damn delicious they are, how about you make a batch for yourself? Here's what you need.
In a medium bowl, first combine the dry ingredients such as the flour, cocoa, baking soda and salt. Just use a whisk and mix them all together and set aside.
In a larger bowl, combine the butter, sugar, brown sugar and vanilla extract together and start pounding them together until it starts to get smooth. I use a potato masher at first. Also, my brown sugar turned to super rock hard clumps, so I had to break it up.
When it's starting to mix pretty well into a soft paste, use an electric mixed and mix well until it becomes creamy.
When the eggs are mixed in, gradually pour the dry ingredients and mix until you get a thick doughy texture. If need be, use your hands and sort of knead the dough to get all the dry ingredients mixed well in there. In my case, they had a tendency to stay at the bottom and create a powdery layer. I had to mix them in by hand then use the electric mixed to thoroughly mix it all into the dough.
Finally, add your chocolate chips and your nuts and mix one last time to really get those chunky pieces all in that business.
You should end up with a really nice heavy chunky dough that's ready to bake! At that point it already smells super chocolatey and sweet! I couldn't wait to see what it tastes like once baked. I even ate a small chunk of raw dough and it was delicious! (Though not recommended due to the raw eggs in there. So, don't try this at home like me, folks!)
Get a baking sheet and grease it up slightly. Or use aluminum paper to cover it like I do so you don't have to wash it. I also used PAM for baking and spread it on there with a paper towel. Then make some small golf-ball sized balls of dough and flatten between your palms and put on the cookie sheet. When you have a batch ready, put it in the oven.
Let them bake for about 12 - 15 minutes or until they crack up at the top. Then take them out of the oven and set on a cooling rack for a couple minutes. Keep doing that with the rest of the dough until you're done.
I poured myself a tall glass of milk and enjoyed a couple of those decadent cookies. It's a miracle I could stop myself from eating the whole batch!
Because it's made of cast iron, which retains heat superbly and cooks evenly, this pot is ideal for preparing savory stews or braising meats and vegetables. These hearty dishes nourish the body and nurture the soul. With braising, food is first seared quickly at high temperatures. Then it’s simmered slowly in liquid along with onions, herbs and other seasonings, filling the kitchen with enticing aromas. The nonreactive enamel coating requires no seasoning. With the lid in place, foods retain moisture, so meats emerge fork tender and vegetables, silky smooth. Dishwasher safe. Made in France.
For larger images of the shingle colors, please click here. However, due to varying computer screen resolutions and settings, the color you see on your screen may not be accurate. Please see your local dealer for shingle and siding samples that will display the true color and texture.
Use the Cook Build your Warehouse Tool to help you visualize what your custom Cook shed will look like after it’s built, checked and delivered right to you!
Click to check out the different color options for the shingles and siding and once you have created your perfect shed, fill out the form below completely with the building specifications and your contact information. After you complete the form, a local Cook dealer will review your submission and contact you to discuss your custom building and pricing.
Learn more about all the components that come with your new Cook shed! We look forward to working with you!
See the Cook Difference for yourself with these 6 features that help protect our buildings from the elements and differentiate us from other portable warehouse companies.
"We bought from Cook and thought our shed was well-made. We have never had any problems with it and it was well worth the price! In fact, we moved and are looking to buy another one. With the convenient payment plans, I think most people can afford the quality of a Cook Portable Warehouse.” April I.
“I purchased a portable warehouse from y’all in August that was finished on the inside and had electrical to open a small photography studio. We completely transformed it back in August! We painted, put new floors, the whole nine yards. Thanks again, I love it and couldn’t be happier.' Corinth F.
"I wanted to let you know how pleased I am with my new shed. The quality of workmanship is by far superior compared to other sheds I saw at Lowes, Home Depot and others. I was also happy with my dealings with your salesman in St. Augustine, Florida and your delivery driver. He called before the delivery and was right on time." Janice H.
“We had a very large tree fall directly on one of our buildings. The tree trunk that hit the end of the building probably weighed 3,000 pounds. Amazingly your building held up like a champ. This is a testament to the solid construction. Just thought you would want to know.” Adam Jolley
"I have never been treated better by any company! Everyone at the Cook offices have gone out of their way to help me. I felt like we were family trying to help each other solve a problem." Judith G.
"I would like to take this time to tell the owner of Cook buildings that you have a lot of good employees working for you, from a customers' view. Starting with Bob, my salesman, to Michael, to one really good delivery/set-up person, Matt. His professionalism and skills were amazing. Very well organized and set-up went really quick. The quality of the Garden Shed is amazing. Also, being retired military, I would like to thank you for what you do for the troops." B. Smiths
"You guys are awesome. I ordered my 10 x 16 shed yesterday thinking it wouldn't be delivered and set-up by the end of next week. Got a call a couple hours later saying you could deliver and set it up today. Went home for lunch and signed the papers, now I am ready to store my stuff. Thanks so much." Kelly P.
For all general inquiries including building prices, delivery questions, warranty information, and building moves, please call our customer service hotline below.
While buying footwear, how many of us stop and think about their kind with regards to their intended use? More often than not, most of us go either for the brand and/or the look. However, when we put on this footwear and go out for either for a walk, jog, to the gym etc., we usually find ourselves affected by back pain and joint pain.
Hence, it is important to know what kind of footwear you will require for what activity. Simply speaking, if your only objective behind getting a footwear is training, then you must get cross-training sneakers, while if you want a shoes couple for operating or running, then you must get athletic footwear. Shoes are developed to be versatile and stronger around you, whereas, in comparison to them, cross-training sneakers are stronger and smaller versatile. The following is a further elaboration on the each of this kind of footwear, with a focus on their variations.
Since athletic footwear is meant for operating, their style is totally different as in comparison to cross-training sneakers. When we run we usually put stress on the pumps first and then progressively apply stress towards you. So the pumps in athletic footwear are must developed to be company and offer sufficient assistance. These footwear are also created in such a way that they persuade ahead movement and offer more assistance with wider pumps and bottoms.
Running footwear typically consist of sufficient support and heel-support, which helps to process the surprise as a result of slamming action of the foot on the ground, thus avoiding injury. Their style is such that the high heel aspect of these footwear is raised higher than the toe aspect, making it simpler for the sprinter to drive ahead.
Cross training footwear on the other hand, are developed to offer horizontal assistance similarly to parts of you. The bottoms of these footwear are specially engineered to give additional assistance to the pumps and feet as well. Thus these are basically multi-tasking footwear, which are excellent for providing company hold to all areas of you, increasing the balance. Thus cross-training sneakers are kind of all-rounders.
Cross training footwear are excellent as they offer necessary horizontal assistance for cardio exercise actions as well as building up actions such as weight-lifting. These features make these footwear ideal for wearing at the gym, playing golf, executing cardio exercise, etc.
These footwear are created to be highly durable and their multi-purpose performance makes them appropriate for several exercises.
PDF-ebd47 | This is an ideal kitchen primer for the youngest of cooks. Easy recipes for a wide variety of dishes, from lettuce wraps to crunchy chicken dippers, allow lots of opportunities for toddlers to lend Mum and Dad a hand as they whip up lots of new flavours – and lots of fun…. The Toddler Cookbook
Download eBook The Toddler Cookbook by Annabel Karmel across multiple file-formats including EPUB, DOC, and PDF.
This The Toddler Cookbook book is not really ordinary book, you have it then the world is in your hands. The benefit you get by reading this book is actually information inside this reserve incredible fresh, you will get information which is getting deeper an individual read a lot of information you will get. This kind of The Toddler Cookbook without we recognize teach the one who looking at it become critical in imagining and analyzing. Don’t be worry The Toddler Cookbook can bring any time you are and not make your tote space or bookshelves’ grow to be full because you can have it inside your lovely laptop even cell phone. This The Toddler Cookbook having great arrangement in word and layout, so you will not really feel uninterested in reading.
I’m five feet even, and married to a six footer. As a small person, I am all too familiar with having my face stuck in an armpit or squashed against a nipple while trying to get down. Here’s what I’ve learned about being intimate when there’s a significant height difference. Change Your Definitions of Sex…
Now accessible for a restricted time only Bubble Wands 14 Big Pack Assorted Colors Non Toxic Summer Activity Party Favor Birthday Gift - 1 Dozen at Cool Gifts for Kids Store. This unique promotion will not be available for long. This is your best time to buy this outstanding reward for kids at an amazing price tag.
With so many in stock recently, it is important to have a name you can trust. The Bubble Wands 14 Big Pack Assorted Colors Non Toxic Summer Activity Party Favor Birthday Gift - 1 Dozen is certainly that and will be a superb purchase for children of any size.
For this amazing deal, the Bubble Wands 14 Big Pack Assorted Colors Non Toxic Summer Activity Party Favor Birthday Gift - 1 Dozen is uniquely respected and is without any doubt a great choice for many people. Fun Little Toys has created some great touches and this entitles great reward.
Don't surf away from this amazing chance to shock those you care for with a reward they will forever cherish. Buying for your kids can be a difficult task, but our online shop only features the most wanted in children presents, so you can be certain Bubble Wands 14 Big Pack Assorted Colors Non Toxic Summer Activity Party Favor Birthday Gift - 1 Dozen is precisely that.
Here, we only advertise the most awesome gift ideas for little ones from top rated corporations. For this reason Bubble Wands 14 Big Pack Assorted Colors Non Toxic Summer Activity Party Favor Birthday Gift - 1 Dozen from Fun Little Toys is showcased here and is effectively promoted across our online store. Fun Little Toys must be on your list of corporations to purchase cool presents for little ones.
If the review is not enticing, also contemplate this: Bubble Wands 14 Big Pack Assorted Colors Non Toxic Summer Activity Party Favor Birthday Gift - 1 Dozen by Fun Little Toys is a constantly requested present from little ones, we know this since this is the market we work with. Many other gifts from Fun Little Toys are moving up surely in our Best Sellers, so that is also a positive sign, we know little ones desire it.
If you ponder the information offered, and other similar presents ideas, this is unequivocally a must purchase before it sells out. Not only will your little ones be filled with joy with an excellent reward but they will praise you for it, since this is a reward they definitely cherish.
Include: Each set includes 2 red, 2 blue, 2 pink, 2 purple, 2 green, 2 yellow 14'' 4 flu oz. giant bubble wands with high quality safe bubble solution
Safety: Assorted colors novelty gifts that come in a variety of colors in assorted styles which are all safe materials for children
Feature (1): FULLY FUN: 12 pack bubble wands is perfect for birthday party favors, bath time, celebrations, weeding, Christmas and so on.
Feature (3): PREMIUM QUALITY: Made with BPA free thick durable plastic. Non-toxic and eco-friendly. Safe for children to play.
Our store is currently selling the favored Gazillion Bubble Machine at an excellent value. Try not to let this go by - purchase t...
We are at this time listing the popular Squinkies Bubble Pack - Series Four at an incredibly low selling price. Don't let this go...
We are right now showcasing the acclaimed LED Bubble Gun - Funny Play Set - Battery Operated - Background Design may vary at a te...
Our store is already selling the recognized Easter No Spill Mini Bubble Bucket at a very good selling price. Try not to pass it -...
Our website is at this moment featuring the well-liked Princess Bubble Bottles at an outstanding price tag. Do not miss the oppor...
Sahih International: Have you not considered the one who argued with Abraham about his Lord [merely] because Allah had given him kingship? When Abraham said, "My Lord is the one who gives life and causes death," he said, "I give life and cause death." Abraham said, "Indeed, Allah brings up the sun from the east, so bring it up from the west." So the disbeliever was overwhelmed [by astonishment], and Allah does not guide the wrongdoing people.
ABERDEEN—As a former architect, Farshid Mirzaei (pronounced FAR-sheed Meer-ZAY) designed houses, office buildings and managed architectural projects.
Mirzaei is the Technical Design and Computer Numeric control, CNC, Machine Technology instructor at Grays Harbor College at Stafford Creek Corrections Center, SCCC.
Mirzaei said he was “afraid at first,” about taking the job because any prior knowledge he had about American prisons came from films like Escape From Alcatraz and The Rock, where the characters were involved in violent jailbreaks and hostage situations.
“After a few weeks, I started to know my students and how eager they are in learning, I found they are much more serious about learning and I found the difference between movies and real life.”
About two dozen inmates are currently enrolled in Mirzaei’s computer numerical design and technical design courses, which he teaches four days a week. Computer numerical control is a large part of computer-aided drafting and design, or CAD. It uses computer software to create 2-D and 3-D models of tangible objects such as bridges, buildings or mechanical parts.
Mirzaei was born in the Kurdistan province of Iran. He attended the University of Tehran and earned a master’s degree in architecture in 1997. He worked as a licensed architect for a few years after graduation. However, he felt there was something missing in his personal growth. He said much of the modern technologies used in construction, such as certain materials or software, were not used widely in Iran, making overall job growth slow.
Mirzaei decided to immigrate to Toronto, Canada in 2002 to enhance his technological skills and seek better work and life prospects. Additionally, he took a series of leadership and self-development training workshops through The Landmark Forum in Toronto so he could teach CAD outside of his regular work.
“I liked the creativity of design since childhood,” Mirzaei said. “At the time, CAD was becoming more mainstream in the construction industry. I got to understand the program and how it makes everything faster and easier. I even started teaching part time outside my main job.”
Mirzaei was the first in his family to immigrate to the western hemisphere. He said limitation to technologies and resources in Iran are some of the reasons he wanted to start a new life in the west.
“I purposely chose Canada because it was diverse,” Mirzaei said. “I wanted to be around many cultures because that equates to learning more. I was exposed to the same way of thinking all my life and when I saw people who are completely opposite and had a different way of thinking, it helped me see the world way larger from different perspectives.”
A design firm in Los Angeles, Calif., invited Mirzaei to work on new technology related to aluminum building structures, computer-assisted drafting designs and 3-D detail modeling in 2006 He worked on architectural projects in southern California for the next couple of years
In 2009, the Great Recession eliminated most jobs in the construction industry, which also meant there was less work for architects. So Mirzaei turned to teaching jobs. One of those was a teaching job at the former McNeil Island Corrections Center, contracted through Pierce College. He taught technical design and CNC machine technology there until state budget cuts forced the closure of the McNeil Island prison in 2012. DOC officials made an agreement with Grays Harbor Community College to hold the classes at SCCC. Mirzaei became the instructor.
Though he was a little apprehensive at first, Mirzaei says he now gets more satisfaction working at a prison compared to all his previous jobs. He finds joy when he can help his students see world around them differently.
“I have witnessed the life change of inmates in a few sessions of basic courses of drafting,” Mirzaei said. “It is where their perspective and way of thinking shifts. Engineering is based on facts, something that most inmates may have taken lightly in their past. Their reactions and judgments were based on emotion--that’s how many of them got in prison. When inmates start getting familiar with how to approach a problem in engineering, they see something from different angles and it helps them rewire their thinking pattern in dealing with both models they make in class and how they interact with people.”
Jay Pershing says he’s an example of that. He was incarcerated for seven years at SCCC on identity theft charges. During that time, he learned how to use a computer numerical control machine through the prison’s Correctional Industries inmate work development program.
That experience kindled an interest in drafting and design, so Pershing enrolled in Mirzaei’s classes. He learned how to read shop drawings, basic drafting and technical design, and use CAD equipment and earned a technical design certificate.
Within a few months after his prison release in 2014, Pershing landed a job as a machinist at a CNC machining and fabrication company in Kirkland, Wash. Since then, he’s promoted to the company’s lead programmer and drafter. He says skills he learned in class and Mirzaei’s encouragement helped motivate him to get where he is today.
“Farshid was great. He has this ability to push people to do better and at their own speed,” Pershing said. “I truly can’t describe how much this program and Correctional Industries changed my life. I now get paid very well and get to create cool stuff every day.”
Mirzaei says skills gained through his classes can open up doors to jobs in all types of industries. CAD is not limited to building construction. For example, CAD can be used to make airplane parts, or to create models of human body systems used by doctors and researchers to make advancements in the medical field. In recent years, CAD has also been used in the gaming industry to designs in augmented reality systems.
The Department of Corrections currently offers various computer-aided design courses at four of its prisons. In addition to SCCC, classes are offered at the Washington Corrections Center for Women in Gig Harbor, Wash., Coyote Ridge Corrections Center in Connell, Wash., and the state penitentiary in Walla Walla, Wash. Since 1997, inmates earned 753 certificates from these classes.
People who complete CAD courses have the potential to earn high wages. The median annual wage for machinists in 2016—the most current year of published data--was $41,700, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. Median annual wages for drafters were slightly higher, at $53,480.
The BLS projects employment for drafters to grow 7 percent through 2026 due to increased construction activity. Employment for machinists is expected to grow by only 1 percent during the same period, with most job openings resulting from retiring workers.
Mirzaei says one of the most satisfying things about being a prison teacher is seeing his students motivated to do well in life, when they may not have had any motivation before.
Rachel Friederich is a Communications Consultant for the Washington State Department of Corrections. She earned her bachelor’s degree in communications from Central Washington University. She has worked communications and public relations for various Washington non-profit organizations as well as a reporter at newspapers and radio stations across Washington including The Daily World, Yakima Herald-Republic, and KGY-AM in Olympia.
This is very informative article related to technology. This is a great work done by architect. I appreciate his efforts to build a new system with advanced technology. I always like this kind of technology related articles. For that I always searched new resources for the technology articles. I found some good articles on essay writing US.
What a great iniciative! That is a great chance to improve the life and do not lost hope for the better. When you have an aducation, you can hope for a job on a freedom. I'm a freelance writer (find Additional Info) and write a lot of essays about importance of education. This example is very encourage for achivements and for support of the inmates!
Some or most of us now the type of armaments that were emplaced in Corregidor and the other harbor forts in Manila and Subic bays. However, here is one that never arrived and could have made an impact against land targets especially in Bataan against Japanese artillery.
On Feb 20, 1922, the USAT (US Army Transport) "Wheaton" was cruising along the Pacific making her regular run from San Francisco to Manila. Suddenly her cruise was interupted by a sharp swing to port and the transport set sail for a new course. She was going to Oahu, Hawaii instead.
Among her cargo were Twelve (12) World War I ugly but efficient M1918 240mm howitzers that were enroute to Corregidor Island to strengthen the defenses against land attacks from Bataan.
The United States had just recently agreed to Article XIX of the Five Power Treaty on Naval Limitation (US, Great Britain, France, Japan and Italy). Article XIX became known as the "Non-Fortification Clause" The article states that there should be no increase in American seacoast installations beyond the 130th parallel of latitude. So that meant that no new howitzers, no anti aircraft guns (incidentally, the Wheaton also carried fourteen 3-inch guns for Corregidor) , no new bombproof -- in short, nothing new to Corregidor. This treaty remained into effect until its expiry in December 31, 1937.
hey battery...that is a most interesting historical tidbit. methinks, those weapons could have made life a bit more depressing for the japs in early 1942. it could have, at least, put off the inevitable outcome. kinda like getting a couple more times "at bat" for the fil/amer guys. good stuff, as usual.
Yes this is interesting. How come did not ship this back to the Philippines after 1937, That would have been a good match up against the Japanese guns in the mainland. Were there any howitzers in Corregidor? I saw a 105mm on display. Was this used against the Japanese?
105mm were not present in the Philippines during the 41-42 campaign. There were only two (2) heavy field howitzers in the Philippines. These were M1918 155mm howitzers that were assigned to the 301st Field Artillery, Philippine Army in Bataan. If you ask me we should have had more of the 155mm howitzers because of their ability to shoot at a higher angle thus getting more hits on the Japanese gun batteries that were in defiladed positions in both Bataan and Cavite.
The old 240mm as what okla mentioned could have given the Japanese a little more that what they had taken from the US and Fil. gunners.
westernaus: Thank You , Thank You Karl for posting all these photo's and Thank You to Glen Williford for releasing them to Karl . It just shows how much thought and planning went in to the construction of the Concrete Battleship . Sept 23, 2018 16:51:29 GMT 8 *
nolruiz: Hello everyone, im from the Philippines, not only am i interested in the rich history of my country but i also wish to educate my sons on our history that is slowly being forgotten by our newer generations. Sept 25, 2018 12:32:25 GMT 8
jddelta: Thanks Karl, I really appreciate all your hard work keeping the glory days alive and keeping us informed of the changes that have been made to the place we all loved to live and visit. I;f I were to ever decide to leave CONUS I would report to duty there. Oct 6, 2018 22:36:19 GMT 8
kapitan Jakob: Interesting pictures as always Karl. Did you hear that the SRF drydock on your picture has now sunk. It was towed to Guam in late 1992, then Gordon managed to get it returned around 2000, to then Subic shipyard near Subic Yacht club. It sunk mid 2018 due Oct 7, 2018 12:19:35 GMT 8
Karl Welteke: FYI, I am scheduled to go to Corregidor on the 16th Oct for two nights. Oct 9, 2018 8:42:41 GMT 8
Karl Welteke: Kapitan Jakop, I suspected that, look at this picture and comment: www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10214523869684189&set=a.10214435667919200&type=3&theater There has been no local news but that is the way here. Oct 10, 2018 17:17:33 GMT 8
frank McGlothlin: Hello, Interesting to read all this. I found the massacre site or part of it back in 1997. I have proof on what i dug. If you don't dig you can't prove anything just by looking at maps or even walking the battlefield.It's a big place, hot and watch out for Oct 11, 2018 2:16:02 GMT 8
chadhill: Frank, did you see the posts here on the Pantingan River Massacre? Comments, please. Thank you, Chad. corregidor.proboards.com/thread/813/death-march-markers?page=8 Oct 11, 2018 11:18:12 GMT 8
Frank McGlothlin: Hello Chadhill, go to pinoyhistoryproboards.com click on artifacts and collectors items then go to page 3 and 4. look under foxholefrank as the creator. then look under "ww2' section on page 5. you will see a few things i found. Frank. Oct 13, 2018 0:02:16 GMT 8
chadhill: Hello Frank, I could not find the last one. Can you provide a direct link please? I liked your book "Barksdale to Bataan". Thank you, Chad Oct 13, 2018 2:54:27 GMT 8
scvet: I have been looking for info on WHEN the soldiers wives and children were evacuated from Ft. Mills. They apparently left sometime before December 7th, 1941. Has anyone seen any mention of when? Nov 3, 2018 2:58:29 GMT 8
scvet: I came across a great posting on the internet: www.fsteiger.com/gsteipow.html.Captain George Steiger, CA, was assigned to Ft. Mills in 1941, had a battery of 12" mortars, was a POW and made it home! His pre-war diary entries are a fabulous look at that Nov 8, 2018 5:23:19 GMT 8
scvet: long ago world. Very detailed diary entries while a POW are sobering. Well worth a look! Nov 8, 2018 5:24:48 GMT 8
EXO: SCVET - the Steiger article is of such critical importance to what happened on the night of the sinking of the SS CORREGIDOR, we have backed it up. Nov 12, 2018 3:57:09 GMT 8
Bedrooms | Beds & Mattresses | Sofa Bed Sets | Sofa Beds | Clearance Furniture | Dinette Sets | Dining Room Sets | Leather Furniture | Living Rooms
About Product:The richly detailed mission design of the "Cross Island" TV stand captures the beauty of rich country style with a versatility that enhances any living room area. The medium brown oak stained finish is beautifully accented by the mortise through ornamentation to create the rustic beauty of finely crafted mission styled furniture. With framed doors, featuring mission styled overlay slats, that open to ample storage areas and cast hardware finished in an aged bronze color, this TV stand perfectly enhances any living environment. Accent your home's beauty with the rustic style of the "Cross Island" TV stand.
Features:Made with select oak veneers and hardwood solids. Mission styled cast hardware in an aged bronze colored finish. Framed doors have mission styled overlay slats. TV stand has adjustable shelf behind glass doors.
Select: Queen Platform BedKing Platform bed ($498.00)Cali. King Bed ($298.00)Cali. KIng Post Bed ($398.00)7pc Post Set ($428.00)King Platform Bed ($598.00)
For those British Columbians who are uncertain about the choices offered in the Proportional Representation referendum, and have not yet voted, there is an alternative voting system that could well work for most citizens and most political parties.
The current First Past the Post system offers simplicity in voting and counting, and transparency in the process, all of which are useful in obtaining the highest rate of voter participation. It also has the advantage of momentum, after being used almost continuously since the beginning.
Proportional Representation claims the advantage of “every vote counting” but with huge complexity, on the ballot and in counting, party secrecy in choosing candidates, increased legislature and budget costs, and less stable governments.
The alternative would be to combine the best of both, and not favour particular parties; a second chamber. Originally, Canadian provinces had such bodies but were illuminated one by one, the last in 1968.
Unlike the Canadian Senate, which is unelected, unequal and ineffective, a British Columbia Senate could be elected. Four members from each of the existing BC Regions (Vancouver Island; Vancouver Coast and Mountains; Thompson Okanagan; Kootenay Rockies; Cariboo, Chilcotin, Coast; Northern British Columbia) would result in a manageable house of twenty-four Senators providing equal representation from urban and rural areas alike. The make-up would be geographic as compared to the population based eighty-seven members of the Legislative Assembly. The Senate’s ability to table new bills or vote down bills from the legislature would make it very effective. Elected for a four year term, senators would be accountable to their constituents, unlike the Canadian Senate.
While a voter’s preferred candidate may not be elected to the Legislative Assembly, it is entirely possible that her or his preferred candidate could be elected to the Senate, giving them a voice in government. The four Senators per region would potentially provide a demographic mix of senators consistent with the region.
A two house system would eliminate the situation where a minority of the voters, say 40%, allow a party to have 100% of the power, and pass any legislation unchallenged. The party in power in the Legislative Assembly would think twice about passing a bill that most citizens did not approve of because it could be voted down in the Senate. And vice versa. Collaboration could be required to get legislation passed. Coalitions between parties could be formed in both houses.
The two house system would be unbiased toward political parties and reduce the likelihood of parties with a relatively small number of followers controlling the agenda of a minority government. Instead of reducing a citizen’s direct representation by a directly elected member, as would be the case with proportional representation, the system would actually increase regional representation from one to five members of government.
If democracy is “government by a majority of the people”, a two house system would provide for a larger, more inclusive majority having a say in governing the province.
Voting “No” in the Proportional Representation referendum may open the door in the future to a better system than the alternatives currently offered.
Let our virtual paperboy deliver an issue to your inbox every week, FREE! You don't even have to tip him!
The Castlegar Source is an independently owned and operated news outlet, providing you with up-to-date, local news. Your news...straight from The Source.
hotels with indoor water parks near grand rapids mi the best hotel in united states michigan holiday inn express park,hotels with indoor water parks near grand rapids mi the best park in every state insider michigan hotel,hotels with indoor water parks grand rapids mi at ski resorts open year round hotel in michigan holiday inn express park,indoor water park hotel grand rapids michigan mi with contemporary patio and parks in,deals hotel water parks in grand rapids mi indoor park near michigan hotels with,indoor water park near grand rapids michigan holiday inn express mi outdoor deals coupons complete hotel,indoor water park hotels in grand rapids mi parks michigan with roundup,hotel water parks in grand rapids michigan incredible indoor the us and babble park near mi,wilderness territory resort in dells indoor water park near grand rapids michigan hotels with parks mi holiday inn express,holiday inn express indoor water park grand rapids mi hotels with parks slides oasis.
Marketing is a major function of business with a widely diverse field of job opportunities, including retailing, direct sales, advertising, physical distribution, logistics, and purchasing. Information management, customer service and public relations are also important aspects of the field. Marketing continues to increase in importance in the world of commerce and industry and many managers are selected from successful marketing personnel. Students cultivate fresh viewpoints and leadership skills through an open exchange of ideas and experiences while participating in team activities and problem-solving situations.
Students who are interested in pursuing courses leading to a Bachelor’s degree in Marketing should follow the courses listed in the Business Associate of Science or Business Associate of Arts degrees listed elsewhere in this catalog.
Virtually every type of business or industry utilizes marketing professionals in some way. Job options for marketing degree holders include careers in advertising, brand management, market research, and public relations. Popular job titles include: Account Executive, Marketing Manager, Market Research Analyst, Sales Manager, Advertising and Promotions Manager, Customer Service Representative, or Public Relations Specialist, or social media or digital marketing.
The SLCC Marketing Management Associate of Applied Science degree is a terminal 2-year degree program. However, several courses are transferrable to other institutions and apply to Marketing Bachelor’s degree programs. An articulation agreement exists between Salt Lake Community College’s AAS in Marketing Management and Weber State University’s BS in Professional Sales. Students will be required to complete the remaining General Education Requirements and upper-division major course work to complete the BS degree.
The estimated cost for textbooks per semester is $500. Some Marketing courses may have an additional course fee. Check the course description and schedule for additional fees.
Synthesize in writing and orally an understanding of marketing theory and practical application of marketing techniques
Extract relevant data from complex information, process it appropriately, and draw reasonable conclusions.
NOTE: BUS 1050 , MKTG 1050 , and MKTG 1960 fulfill major course requirements and cannot be taken as General Education courses.
Marketing majors must complete each of the required marketing classes with a 2.4 (C+) GPA or higher. Students receiving lower than 2.4 in any marketing course cannot proceed without approval from the instructor.
It is the student’s responsibility to examine each course description for details of prerequisite classes. Those prerequisites must be satisfied before the designated class may be taken. Students who wish to take the CSIS 1020 challenge exam are advised to review the information at www.slcc.edu/csis. An 80% or higher is required on each section of the test. Once the exam is passed, a P is posted to the transcript and credit is awarded.
Cooperative Education is the College program for recognizing and rewarding new learning associated with study-related employment in a business, industrial or government work environment. Credit earned from MKTG 2000 is applied toward graduation requirements as a marketing elective credit. Contact the Cooperative Education Department at (801) 957-4014. The Department strongly recommends that students enhance their employment opportunities through Cooperative Education as soon as skills permit, to complement the certificate or degree.
South Plains College’s interactive, fully online catalog contains a number of features to assist you, including advanced search options, user-friendly navigation and a personal portfolio to store favorite programs and courses. If you are new to our online catalog and would like to learn more, click the at the top right of any page.
You may add items to your own personal Portfolio as you browse through the online catalogs. The Portfolio feature will retain a list of courses, programs, pages, divisions and saved searches that you find interesting and wish to save for future visits to the online South Plains College catalogs.
To add items, click the Add to Portfolio link located at the bottom left of the page. This will open a new pop up window that displays all items currently in your Portfolio.
You may remove items from your portfolio by selecting the check boxes next to them and clicking the Remove button.