Do not see what you need? Do not worry, just contact us with your requirements and we will source the right machine for you.
Does your workshop have an Ironworker? Compare our multi-purpose machine. Now with Hydraulic Jacks and Laser Marker.
Are you in the business of making roof profile sheets. We supply a wide range of Roll Formers with different profiles.
The thought of publishing dumb laws as a source of entertainment will not be one thing new – prior to the internet, many joke books, magazines and even peculiar newspapers would publish these legal guidelines as interesting tidbits. In order to absolutely recognize the profound lengthy-time period ramifications of attending legislation college, potential law students needs to be fully conscious of the realities that they are going to face upon graduating from regulation college. Though respecting consumer privacy rights is a legal requirement, it additionally represents good business apply. They’ve used the excuse that it will provide a safer environment for the town when the immigrants aren’t suspicious of law enforcement officers. Sure, I do consider within the law of attraction, I see it on a regular basis, but you must mix the visualization methods with action.
As it seems, although, if I’ve my timing and details right, after writing those words and before the publication of the article, the 2 folks named have, in my opinion, completed the most to forestall the Dean from addressing the many issues that need to be addressed to give college students the best possible regulation school and submit legislation college experience.
Extra likely, it’s just one other straw as a result of, nicely, inertia Regardless, it is absolutely a sign that regulation companies count on the status quo to reign for the foreseeable future. Larry Parkinson, one other former federal prosecutor who runs FERC’s Federal Power Regulatory Fee investigations, described it as an outgrowth of shifting assets to more serious matters—like market manipulation—and away from extra traditional violations. Right here you will discover the most recent news in regards to the regulation library as well as valuable authorized instruments, research, and data. The regulation of demand is not going to work as expected if any one of many aforementioned assumptions is violated. I may very well be mistaken, thus, I wish to invite anyone who needs to from the regulation faculty to right me. I’ll turn over the weblog to them. Legal law includes all statute in caselaw which make certain conduct an offence.
International jurists embraced new scientific theories such as economic liberalism and positivism and stated goodbye to the pure law as an interpretative paradigm. Of scholarship that critically addresses key points and theoretical debates in comparative and transnational regulation. As a starting definition this is useful, as an indisputable basis upon which to begin an evaluation, but it surely clearly can not give us a correct definition of law is. A specialized dictionary overlaying terms used in the numerous branches of the legal profession, as civil law, legal law, and company legislation.
The frequent regulation as an expression has four doable meanings which depend on the actual context. Nor do I imply that the dominant ideology is just the ideology of a single class, and that subsequently regulation is nothing however the execution of the ‘will’ or interests of that class. What the regulation says is that you just spend money on each factor in such a manner that each one the 10 things give you the identical amount of marginal utility. The BCLI is in its functions the successor to the British Columbia Legislation Reform Fee. Because you are fascinated by it and subsequently the Regulation of Attraction offers you MORE of what you do NOT NEED. Such a legal responsibility would presuppose the violation of the international legislation that was relevant on the time of colonization. The power of the regulatory state has grown tremendously, and with out most of the checks and balances of precise legislation.
In about an hour, Cam and I are heading off to Tremblant with our friends for the weekend. We'll be taking the bus overnight with several hundred other people and arriving at Tremblant bright and early for first tracks (or in reality, for some nap time until noon).
This is our third year going - we got engaged our first year there! So needless to say it's a happy tradition now.
It's going to be a great weekend of beer drinking, pub food eating, hot tub relaxing, and mayyybbee some snowboarding and skiing.
Archives April 2013 (3) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (6) October 2012 (8) September 2012 (4) August 2012 (1) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (8) May 2012 (9) April 2012 (6) March 2012 (8) February 2012 (10) January 2012 (14) December 2011 (10) November 2011 (13) October 2011 (16) September 2011 (18) August 2011 (11) July 2011 (5) June 2011 (18) May 2011 (10) April 2011 (15) March 2011 (19) February 2011 (22) January 2011 (13) December 2010 (12) November 2010 (10) October 2010 (1) April 2010 (1) March 2010 (1) February 2010 (4) November 2009 (1) February 2009 (1) January 2009 (1) November 2008 (1)
The Turnigy nano-tech round single cell series are the perfect solution for many applications where space and weight are at a premium. These round Lipoly Cells can be soldered together to make compact RX packs for instance in a configuration and capacity that is perfectly suited to your application while giving you the peace of mind of nano-tech performance
More than just a fancy name. TURNIGY nano-tech lithium polymer batteries are built with an LiCo nano-technology substrate complex greatly improving power transfer making the oxidation/reduction reaction more efficient, this helps electrons pass more freely from anode to cathode with less internal impedance.
In short; less voltage sag and a higher discharge rate than a similar density lithium polymer (non nano-tech) battery.
*The nano-core technology in lithium ion batteries is the application of nanometer conductive additives.
1) The nanometer conductive additives form ultrastrong electron-conducting networks in the electrodes which can increase electronic conductivity.
2) These additives create a superstrong ability for imbibition in the carrier liquid to supply more ion channels. This improves the ability of ion transmission and ion diffusion.
Through improving electronic conductivity and ion transmission, the impedance is reduced and the polarization of high rate discharge decreases greatly.
-Thickness swelling during heavy load doesnt exceed 5%, compared to 15% of a normal Lipoly during heavy load.
Turnigy Lipoly packs deliver full capacity at the said C rate. Now they are available as single cell..
The website short.awsubs.me has a global rank of 3643259 and has 110.176082452 daily visitors. On social platform it has 0 facebook likes and 0 tweets with a google page rank of n-a it has maximum traffic from Indonesia . The hosting server of this website is located in XX Unknown city in Unknown region. As per our calculations this Domain Name has a worth of $40.69.
This site has low amount of unique visitors 110.176082452 per day. This makes this site earn a low revenue of 1.323 per day. If you want to download the content, buy something or thinking to make an online transaction through this site. We would recommend you not to do it as it is not a highly reputed site and may be a new startup or a scam site. This website has average reputation and low search engine traffic. It possess a bit low quality content one should visit at his own risk. This website is still working on to improve it's social network image. It is having average number of followers and it has to go a long way to become socially sound.
short.awsubs.me has lot of downloadable content. It offers free software,apks,videos,pdf,games,applications which can be downloaded for Iphone,android,mobile,tablet,Mac,PC all these downloads are for free. Its a reputed website and all downloadable content has been scanned by antivirus softwares.
Download of any software or game from short.awsubs.me will be easy. If you face any problem related to download of any toolbar or software you can contact this site directly and they will solve your problem.
IntelliJ IDEA Crack is a software mostly used by the web developers that lets to design and increase tools for mobile and Web Development. It is loaded with several advanced features like searching for list element, controlling window tool, toggle setting and filled a field that has one-on-one inspection integrated into IDE. This software works efficiently to correct all type of errors. In this way, you can edit your projects with the ease. The program has the capability to work according to your desire and carries up the corresponding settings.
Manage your creativity when you are using its new functions. IntelliJ IDEA 2017.3 Crack offers modern coding assist, boosting function, new instruments for refactoring and project navigation. Enjoy smarter code compilation and get relevant information for your framework. Insert projects, and offers coding assistance while declaring editing module. It comprises a quick-fix to get the project dependencies accordingly. Change certain Map operations with Map.getOrDefault.
Select whether you want to use regular expressions and case sensitivity while finding commit messages. Tick any branch as a favorite to get quick access. Use popup feature that offers better search. It supports Unicode emoji characters. Use auto-generate factory procedures for an Actor companion object at the caret.
Use SBT tasks where you can use code completion to type and run SBT commands. Delegate your IDE Build process to SBT. Choose a component defined in your application in the completion popup. Convert for loops on arrays to for..of statements introduced in ECMAScript 6.
It is not required for the individuals to approach rolex replica sale in person while getting introduced to hundreds of others in the process. The next advantage of these online fake watches revolves around the fact that it is no less effective that the classes attended in replica watches uk. The details are so designed that concerned rolex replica watches can go through the courses with considerable ease and without faltering at all. What makes replica watches sale simpler is the availability of professionals online who can be approached with no more than just a rolex replica sale. More often than not, the professionals made available in these rolex replica.
The Resource Fast & furious, Universal Pictures presents in association with Relativity Media, an Original Film/One Race Films production, a Justin Lin film ; produced by Neal H. Mortiz, Vin Diesel, Michael Fottrell ; written by Chris Morgan ; directed by Justin Lin, (videorecording)
Fast & furious, Universal Pictures presents in association with Relativity Media, an Original Film/One Race Films production, a Justin Lin film ; produced by Neal H. Mortiz, Vin Diesel, Michael Fottrell ; written by Chris Morgan ; directed by Justin Lin, (videorecording)
The item Fast & furious, Universal Pictures presents in association with Relativity Media, an Original Film/One Race Films production, a Justin Lin film ; produced by Neal H. Mortiz, Vin Diesel, Michael Fottrell ; written by Chris Morgan ; directed by Justin Lin, (videorecording) represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Ayer Public Library.
When fugitive Dominic Toretto returns to Los Angeles to avenge a loved one's death, it reignites his feud with agent Brian O'Conner. But as they race through crowded city streets and across international lines, they must test their loyalties by joinging together to bring down a shared enemy
Universal Pictures presents in association with Relativity Media, an Original Film/One Race Films production, a Justin Lin film ; produced by Neal H. Mortiz, Vin Diesel, Michael Fottrell ; written by Chris Morgan ; directed by Justin Lin
MPAA rating: PG-13; for intense sequences of violence and action, some sexual content, language and drug references
English, dubbed French or dubbed Spanish dialogue, French or Spanish subtitles; English subtitles for the deaf and hard of hearing
Data Citation of the Item Fast & furious, Universal Pictures presents in association with Relativity Media, an Original Film/One Race Films production, a Justin Lin film ; produced by Neal H. Mortiz, Vin Diesel, Michael Fottrell ; written by Chris Morgan ; directed by Justin Lin, (videorecording)
Structured data from the Bibframe namespace is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License by Ayer Public Library. Additional terms may apply to data associated with third party namespaces.
The Resource Life, Columbia Pictures and Skydance ; written by Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick ; directed by Daniel Espinosa
Life, Columbia Pictures and Skydance ; written by Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick ; directed by Daniel Espinosa
The item Life, Columbia Pictures and Skydance ; written by Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick ; directed by Daniel Espinosa represents a specific, individual, material embodiment of a distinct intellectual or artistic creation found in Ayer Public Library.
The six-member crew of the International Space Station is on the cutting edge of one of the most important discoveries in human history: the first evidence of extraterrestrial life on Mars. As the crew begins to conduct research, their methods end up having unintended consequences and the life form proves more intelligent than anyone ever expected
Columbia Pictures and Skydance ; written by Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick ; directed by Daniel Espinosa
English, French, Spanish, Portuguese or Thai dialogue; Spanish, French, English, Malay, Thai, Korean, Cantonese, Mandarin or Portuguese subtitles; closed-captioned
Data Citation of the Item Life, Columbia Pictures and Skydance ; written by Rhett Reese & Paul Wernick ; directed by Daniel Espinosa
When he tells her she lets him know that she had a crush on him too though, she never did anything about it because she didn't want it to be a weird situation around his sister. Hvad synes I om billederne — og HEY, hvad skal I lave i denne uge?
Copyright © ; Ayse Gul Ayanoglu. All rights reserved. My images may not be reproduced in any form without my written permission.
Play again I like itAdd to Faves Prev Game: High-waisted Pencil Skirts Next Game: Star-inspired Looks
Learn forex trading with training and education from DailyFX currency trading experts.Here is where you will find all of my free Forex Trading Videos about Price Action, The Ichimoku Cloud, Forex Trading and Trading Psychology.Trading Foreign Exchange (Forex) and Contracts for Differences (CFDs). FOREXYARD.com is a trading name of Lead Capital Markets Limited,.
We have searched YouTube to find the BEST How To Trade Forex Videos we could find to help you become a better trader.Forex Trading free videos, signals and training for fx foreign exchange and currencies using technical analysis and charts.
Watch live trading videos and Webinar recordings from Forex Watchers conference room hosted by our analysts NAVIN PRITHYANI.
In this 23 minutes video we have talked about the history of trading.Forex trading techniques using Momentum indicators taught with Forex trading, position trading, currency trading techniques and forex trading systems. Expert4x.Forex Trading Strategy ProFx 3.0 is 100% rule-based, highly profitable and has been proven to be one of the best Forex Trading Strategies ever developed.These videos explain how we trade the forex and how we set up our trend indicators.Beginners will definitely find Forex trading videos represented on this page interesting and useful. The most advanced video sharing script on the planet. - VideoWatch - Youtube Clone Script.
Youtube trading videos Trading Discussion. hello here is an useful video from YouTube that show a simple trendline break strategy for begginers.Learn Forex, from the basics, to advanced Forex price action techniques. Free forex trading and training videos are available for beginner and experienced Forex traders wishing to learn about the online Forex trading market covering topics.
DISCLAIMER:- The information about online Forex trading presented on this website should not be regarded as Forex or currency trading advice. How to read quotes, make orders and trades, develop your strategy and more.
FULLY RENOVATED AND UPDATED HOME in the highly desirable Olmos Park Terrace on a huge corner lot!!! Wood floors greet you in this cute home with all the features you want and a massive backyard. Just down the street from the Quarry Market, San Pedro, and easy access to 281. Come see for yourself! Open house Saturday November 3rd from 1-3pm.
The median household income in San Antonio, Texas 78212 is $46,317. The median household income for the surrounding county is $50,867 compared to the national median of $53,482. The median age of people living in San Antonio 78212 is 32.9 years.
This content last refreshed on 11/12/2018 2:27 PM. Some properties which appear for sale on this web site may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available.
Amazing home in sought after Blossom Park! Two Story Home features downstairs large master suite with two walk in closets, spa like master bath. Formal dining room w/ fireplace directly off kitchen for serving! Entertainer's dream feat. large living room w/ bar, rec room area and gorgeous backyard oasis with in-ground pool! 3 bedrooms & 1 bath upstairs, plenty of storage space & two car garage! Don't miss this amazing opportunity!
The median household income in San Antonio, Texas 78247 is $46,317. The median household income for the surrounding county is $50,867 compared to the national median of $53,482. The median age of people living in San Antonio 78247 is 32.9 years.
This content last refreshed on 11/12/2018 1:27 PM. Some properties which appear for sale on this web site may subsequently have sold or may no longer be available.
Personal identity is one of the more frequently discussed themes in bioethics. What does it take for people like us to survive and exist? The answers tend to focus either on the psychological aspects of personal identity, or biological facts: that we are essentially animals.
According to Elisabeth Furberg, proponents of both views have an anthropocentric bias. Instead, she suggests a new way of viewing personal identity by accepting the claim that we are animals, and acknowledging that we continue to exist because of our psychology.
Elisabeth Furberg claims it is possible to acknowledge the fact that we are animals without reducing us to “just” animals. In short that we are animals in the sense that (some, but not all) other species are. However, we continue to persist because our psychology separates us from other animals.
A paper by CRB researcher Heidi C. Howard et al. on points and questions to consider for a responsible way forward for gene editing in humans is listed as one of the most cited and shared articles published in European Journal of Human Genetics between 2016-2017.
The Swedish Research Council-funded research infrastructure Biobank Sweden supports healthcare providers and universities with medical faculties working towards national harmonization in biobanking.
Cancer patients looking for online information about experimental clinical drug trials risk finding that is not only bad, but sometimes also wrong. Also on official websites that aim to inform about available trials. According to a recently published study from Uppsala University, this can lead to consequences for patients.
Should researchers inform research participants, if they discover genetic disease risks in the participants? Yes, many would say, if the information is helpful to the participants. However, the value of complex genetic risk information for individuals is uncertain. In a PhD thesis from Uppsala University, Jennifer Viberg Johansson suggests that this uncertainty needs to be acknowledged by both geneticists and ethicists.
Despite the fact that the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) provides ways to transfer data, it is difficult to find ways to share data between Europe and Africa. The feasible routes rely on EU enforcement. This means the possibilities for oversight are limited, leading to considerable data privacy risks.
Decisions not to resuscitate are frequently made within hematology and oncology care. Nurses and doctors involved in the decision-making face ethical dilemmas. To act in the best interest of the patient, they need to trust their ethical judgements. To do that, they need ethical competence.
Scientific endeavors raise many ethical, legal and social questions. Responsible Research and Innovation (RRI) has become an important ethical and political theme for the European Commission. A recent publication from researchers in the Human Brain Project suggests that philosophical reflection could complement the RRI approach by providing ontological and epistemological perspectives on science.
Politicians, officials and healthcare directors have a major influence on the health conditions and opportunities to work in practice. What is their view on their own responsibilities? And what ethical skills are needed for management of care at county council level?
Jessica Nihlén Fahlquist, Senior Lecturer in Medical Ethics at CRB, calls for ethical transparency of incident scenarios autonomous cars may face. She has immersed herself in ethical issues in relation to autonomous cars and artificial intelligence.
Allegedly, there are over 12.000 so called predatory journals out there. Now, Stefan Eriksson and Gert Helgesson present an updated list of where tp publis and not to publish in bioethcs.
There is a need for an overarching theory of consciousness in both science and philosophy. To build one, members of the CRB neuroethics and philosophy team suggest we should look at the brain as something more than an input-output machine. Instead, they propose focusing on its intrinsic activity.
A Volvo model Uber-taxi recently hit a woman in Arizona, US. The car was in autonomous mode. According to Jessica Nihlén Fahlquist, Senior Lecturer in Medical Ethics at CRB, this case highlights several of the ethical issues relating to self-driving cars.
Stefan Eriksson was recently appointed as the Vice-Chancellor’s advisor for good research practice. The position is new and entails advising the Vice-Chancellor and coordinating issues regarding good research practice at the university.
We are looking for a legal project coordinator for the Swedish ELSI-helpdesk that will provide service for researchers connected to the Swedish research infrastructure Biobank Sweden. Apply by February 20, 2018.
The likelihood of disease is not always informative to research participants. The numeric sense of genetic risk does not always correspond to their understanding of risk information. Instead, research participants tend to understand genetic risk as a binary concept: you either are at risk, or you are not.
Policy makers all over the world struggle to assess the ethical and human rights impact of new research in genetics and genomics, human enhancement, artificial intelligence and robotics. Researchers from four continents have teamed up in the SIENNA project to help improve existing ethical and legal frameworks. CRB is part of a consortium that receives a financial contribution of just under €4 million from the EU’s Horizon 2020 programme.
The focus on Public Private Partnership (PPP) emerged as PPPs are strongly endorsed as a model by EU grant funding schemes. The stakeholders workshop Ethically and legally sustainable partnership between industry and public funded research initiatives: PPP and Rare diseases as a case study took place at Uppsala University, organized by the Centre for Research Ethics & Bioethics (CRB), RD-Connect and the COST Action CHIP ME on 7-8 November 2016. A wide range of Stakeholders took part to the event creating a very interesting and challenging discussion from different perspectives.
Reflection is neccesary if technology is going to contribute to the good society. This is the message from Jessica Nihlén Fahlquist in NyTeknik this week.
We are happy to announce that Professor James Giordano will join the CRB neuroethics team later this year. He is also part of the Human Brain Project’s neuroethics and philosophy team where he is one of the task leaders.
Stem cells are perhaps not what first springs to mind as biobank material. Yet, even stem cells can be biobank material and there are biobanks that focus on stem cells. The use of this biobank material, however, has some unique features.
Recently, a Swedish Government Inquiry proposed a new legal framework for handling and investigating research misconduct. A new act is suggested to enter into force on 1st of January 2019. Here, Anna-Sara Lind presents the main novelties in the proposal.
In its first 18 months, B3Africa has taken two essential steps: the development of a technical solution for biobank research, and the design of a culture sensitive ethical and legal framework to ensure the rights of the sample donors are safeguarded.
From February 1 2017, LL.D. Santa Slokenberga is taking over Moa Kindström Dahlin’s obligations at the BBMRI-ERIC ELSI Common Service.
Technology is developing rapidly. In a recent interview in Computer Sweden, Jessica Nihlén Fahlquist offers her view on the responsibility that engineers, developers and companies have, and the values technologies bring.
The disciplinary domain of medicine and pharmacy at Uppsala University recently appointed Ulrik Kihlbom Associate Professor of Medical Ethics.
The Council of Europe’s Committee on Bioethics (DH-BIO) just published a report identifying areas in science and biomedicine that could affect children’s rights. The report is written by three medical lawyers from Uppsala University.
Why does research ethics matter? What do you need to know as a supervisor? The disciplinary domain of medicine and pharmacy at Uppsala University is launching a new course for all main supervisors.
The Swedish Government has decided to commission a Research Data Inquiry to review regulations regarding the processing of personal data for research. The reference group includes three researchers from CRB: Mats G. Hansson, Anna-Sara Lind and Jane Reichel.
Digital technology creates both a chance and a pressure to use health data for research and commercial purposes. But this emerging ‘health cyberspace’ needs to be handled in a way that meets our social expectations on governance, security and privacy. And at the same time allows data to be used in ways that are beneficial to society. This is what a project supported by Nordforsk is setting out to do.
Regulating health services is challenging because of the multitude of legal questions it raises. Not only do they relate to the quality of the service and protection of its users, but also to the competence and authority of actors involved. Here Santa Slokenberga, LLD, offers insights from her research on regulating direct-to-consumer genetic testing at the European level.
Today, Swedish Radio’s P1 programme ”Vetandets värld” talks about whether parents should be allowed to check their unborn children’s entire genome and other gene-ethical and legal issues. The panel consists of Jane Reichel, Professor of administrative law and Santa Slokenberga, doctor of medical law, both part of the CRB team, Richard Rosenquist Brandell, professor in clinical genetics at Uppsala University and Lisa Fogelberg from the breast cancer organisation Agatha.
Mats G. Hansson, Professor of Biomedical Ethics, has received a 2,100,000 SEK grant from the Swedish Research Council. The research will provide analysis of the ethical and legal aspects of using human embryonic stem cells to develop islets of insulin producing cells for patients with diabetes. The project will also develop guidance for clinical practice.
The patient perspective is important in all medical research, and particularly in drug development. This month, a public private research initiative called PREFER, is launched to assess when and how patient preferences on benefits and risks should be incorporated in decisions on medicinal products.
Technologies to screen for genetic carrier status have advanced in recent years. It is now possible to screen for several genetic disorders before pregnancy. But do future parents want to find out what disorders they might pass on to their children?
A group of researchers at the universities of Uppsala, Gävle and Mälardalen shows that we are still a long way from what Swedish Healthcare Act prescribes: Equity in health for the whole population.
The legislative process regarding the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) is closed within the European Union as the Regulation was decided in April this year. The activity at the Government Offices of Sweden has, however, not ceased. Here, Anna-Sara Lind gives us her view on the consequences for Sweden.
In recent years, universities have done a lot of work to promote research partnerships with industry. Medical schools are encouraging their research faculties to pursue entrepreneurial strategies (start ups) to start companies and partnerships with industry. Together with RD-Connect and CHIPme, we invite you to discuss these issues in a two day workshop looking at current practices for public private collaborations and especially initiatives on rare diseases on November 7-8 this year.
We are pleased to announce that a set of guidelines for informed consent in international collaborative rare disease research developed within the RD-Connect framework has received the IRDiRC Recognized Resources” label.
The organisation of the ELSI Helpdesk is coordinated by the Swedish node. It gathers input from various sources and collaboration is ensured with other ELSI experts from the national nodes from the BBMRI-ERIC member states. LL.D. Moa Kindström Dahlin is the Chief Responsible Officer. Here, she offers her thoughts on the process of setting up a federated Helpdesk.
Anna-Sara Lind gives us an update on the what the final results of the negotiations for a general data protection regulation in the European Union.
There are risks associated with handling personal data in research. Unauthorised re-identification can cause harm. But there are clear benefits in terms of patient safety related to diagnosis and treatment if researchers are able to distinguish between individuals by identification.
Reproductive genetic screening is surrounded by discussion. The ethical debate revolves around reproductive autonomy, medicalization, discrimination and parental responsibility. A new study that examines the health care professional’s views on these issues in relation to the use of preconception expanded carrier screening (ECS) show they share the same concerns.
Genetic research depends on people donating their samples, allowing their genetic data to travel the world to be compared to data from other individuals. The policy that governs this process needs to be informed by what people really think. To find out, a unique research project is launching an online survey, YourDNAYourSay, to explore global public attitudes and beliefs around sharing genetic information.
We know that people have difficulties interpreting risk information correctly. This is a challenge for researches who want to know how people weigh possible risks against benefits. A recent study shows that age, education and health literacy affect the ability to understand risks. This means researchers need to have strategies in place for accurately measuring preferences regarding risk.
Neuroscience offers exciting prospects for communication with infants and patients with brain disorders that reduce their consciousness. This possibility raises many questions. A new anthology offers a systematic assessment of philosophical, scientific, ethical, and legal issues that arise when neurotechnology is used to attempt this type of communication.
When it comes to genetic research, there is a growing consensus that research participants could be offered their individual results. Provided that they are scientifically robust, analytically valid and there is some clinical action people can take to prevent disease. Despite this, it is not common practice to do this in European genetic research. The reasons are many, one being the lack of legal frameworks, guidelines and resources to support feedback processes in research.
The BBMRI-ERIC ELSI Common Service relies on input from experts. They are now calling for your expertise!
There are allegedly over 8.000 predatory journals out there that serve their own economic interests instead of supporting readers and science. To help bioethicists choose where to publish, Stefan Eriksson and Gert Helgesson publish two lists on the Ethics Blog: ‘Where to publish’, and ‘Where not to publish’.
The annulled Safe Harbour agreement puts research collaborations in a peculiar position. Here, Jane Reichel, Professor of Administrative Law, gives an update on the negotiations.
Uppsala University uses cookies to make your website experience as good as possible. Read more about cookies.
Danielle Soul and Brianna Bounce were two exotic bombshells. Both of these beauties hailed from Russia and they were so fucking beautiful! Aside from their beauty, they were mega freaks and they loved the taste and feel of the cock. Thats where Kai and Marco came in, so to speak. They had the delight of fucking these two babes and they were more than happy too!
These are pictures I took last night of a fantastic piece of work by Brian at the club. This is a scratch built model of the Bismarck. He built it using spares yoghurt pots and even 6mm napoleonic gun carriages. Brian ability to build stunning terrain and centre pieces fot the club never ceases to amaze me.
Is always that a ability beyond what Web page builders (like the ones you’ve reviewed so helpfully in other content articles) can offer you? Is there a technological name for that aspect, or that procedure in an online design?
The website I envision for my Buddy’s products might be most usable if consumers could use filters to uncover the things they (or their clients) require.
I’m undecided if Shopify or Bigcommerce has a chance to instantly “not” show a selling price for each products. But the two Internet site builders have unbiased gurus that you can consult with and possess them customise the platform for you personally. We've got an write-up about Shopify specialists listed here.
My job is usually a C2C ,I will deliver the platform for purchasers to offer to other clients And that i’ll receive the commission on every transaction.
Sure Shopify does help you sell digital products (like PDF files). Loads of other drag and drop website builders all have this perform in-built as well over the past one or 2 several years.
I’m not mindful of any “out of the box” solutions for developing online marketplaces, Therefore if any one else has found one particular, make sure you do share. Jeremy
All of your reviews and comparison tables are so helpful and simple to understand! Thanks a great deal of for All of this!
But I'd personally pretty grateful for the personal suggestion. I need to make e-commerce retailer for jewellery we create. We have now about two hundred+ products and Identify in Turkey, but intending to offer typically for United states market.
So your consumers don’t usually need to possess a PayPal account, and will choose to use their credit rating card to pay for as soon as they land on PayPal’s protected payment web page.
You can’t build a Facebook shop builders academy with Wix yet, but you can unquestionably accomplish that with Shopify (see this discussion below)
We do have a great comparison table benchmarking Shopify and Bigcommerce here. Hopefully Other folks will see it helpful in addition!
-Fellas would this seriously get all the hassle away click from creating a check out here website if it’s just gonna choose all my products from eBay & area them categorise them as I have in eBay into a new website ? Right before I overlook, The rationale I & likely a million Other individuals have commenced lookin into this is because there was a concept in our ebay inbox.
2) I need to be able to offer personal periods and classes to people who can’t find the money for to pay, but still need to have to make ample dollars to continue to exist myself. the
I'm a member of Perth Playback Theatre – Playback Theatre is really a type of improvisational theatre the place times, experiences and tales from audience members are played back again live into the accumulating. We frequently do performances for Neighborhood groups. We also host workshops.
Skip to 01:05 Skip to 02:15 Skip to 03:25 Skip to 04:35 Skip to 05:45 Skip to 06:55 Skip to 08:05 Skip to 09:15 Skip to 10:25 Skip to 11:35 Skip to 12:45 Skip to 13:55
This store is powered by Ecwid – SaaS E-Commerce Solution. If your browser does not support JavaScript, please proceed to its simple HTML version.
We’re a small enterprise, which helps us take care of every detail and stay self critical; it also guarantees continuity between project and execution, because the person who discusses your project’s brief will also be the person following the event; this permits us to share thoughts and ideas, allowing for extensive sessions of brainstorming around our conference table.
We also have more than 280 professionals at our side, who collaborate with us according to our specific needs: psychologists, authors, anthropologists, film directors, designers, photographers, musicians, barmen, yachtsmen, cameramen, sociologists, painters, drivers, actors, choreographers, graphic designers, sculptors, maître chocolatier, IT experts, translators, assemblers, sommelier, sportsmen, alpine troopers, scuba divers, acrobats, game designers, creative talents, voice actors, illustrators, circus performers, singers, fashion designers, extreme sports experts and many more.
Services We strive to provide complete care for our patients. Learn more about all the services we provide. Make An Appointment We will do our best to accommodate your busy schedule. Schedule an appointment today! Online Forms Our patient forms are available online so they can be completed in the convenience of your own home or office.
Our team is committed to educating our clients in how to keep your pets healthy year round, with good nutrition and exercise. Creature Comforts Veterinary Service, LLC stays on top of the latest advances in veterinarian technology and above all, remembers that all animals and pets need to be treated with loving care in every check-up, procedure, or surgery. Read More
Morocco Day Trip – Aziz Number One! Most Excellent and Fun Tour of Tangier! My clients over the years have included the likes of Irish rock group U2, film director Baz Luhrmann, and actor Richard Harris, perhaps best known for playing Dumbledore in the Harry Potter movies.
You will receive professional advice on all your travel plans and informed recommendations to help you get the most out of your visit to Tangier.
We design and guide custom made private tours for couples or groups and offer a wide range of tour options.
All Analog Missionary lyrics are property of their respective authors, artists and labels and are strictly for non-commercial use only.
All The Ready Aim Fire! lyrics are property of their respective authors, artists and labels and are strictly for non-commercial use only.
This page is used to test the proper operation of the Nginx HTTP server after it has been installed. If you can read this page, it means that the Nginx HTTP server installed by VPSSIM at this site is working properly .
The fact that you are seeing this page indicates that the website you just visited is either experiencing problems, or is undergoing routine maintenance.
If you would like to let the administrators of this website know that you've seen this page instead of the page you expected, you should send them e-mail. In general, mail sent to the name "webmaster" and directed to the website's domain should reach the appropriate person.
You may now add content to the directory /home/vpssim.demo/public_html. Note that until you do so, people visiting your website will see this page, and not your content.
You may make a monetary donation online through our secure server or by sending a check or gift card to the Real Life Center at 220 Parkade Ct Ste A, Peachtree City, GA 30269. You may choose to contribute to a specific program: General Operations, Food Pantry, Orchard/Garden, or Men’s Ministry Projects. If you would like to setup monthly billing, please click the recurring billing option on the credit card payment page.
Security and Privacy Information: The Real Life Center, Inc. (“RLC”) is committed to the privacy of our sponsors and donors. We do not share donor information or provide lists to any third-party vendors or other organizations. All information is kept private within our organization, and it is limited to need-to-know employees. We may use email to communicate with you regarding donor data such as contact information or missing credit card information. We also use the contact information to render appreciation notes and year-end giving statements to you. For your security and protection, RLC does not store any credit card information. During the online payment process, your card number is passed through a secure portal where the card information is encrypted for protection. We do, however, manually enter your name, address, email address and phone number into our accounting software for the reasons mentioned above. We do not share any of your personal information with any outside third-party affiliates or vendors of RLC. If you have any questions about security measures in place, wish to review any personal information that is collected, or you wish to request updates/corrections, please contact the Business Director at RLC by calling (770) 631-9334 x204, or emailing us at rlc@reallifecenter.org.
This entry was posted on 7:58 PM, and is filed under funny nose, funny nose Images, funny nose Pictures . Follow any responses to this post through RSS. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Long ago, in the land of Rythoria, everything was in chaos. Dark portals were opening around towns, allowing armies of armoured demons to storm the towns. The citizens bravely fought back, but all of the towns were defeated. Refugees from the destroyed towns and villages gathered in the capital city, Babrak; Rythoria's last standing city. The people of each race elected the best of their race to serve Rythoria. The humans elected Thorn, a paladin. The dwarves voted for Regdarin, a hunter. The gnomes, Riknah, a warlock. The dark elves chose Olplyn, a rogue. The orcs picked Rak'narin, a warrior. The high elves decided upon Vintagh, a mage. And lastly, the dragon-born sent Vistarana, a priest.
The party of elected heroes charged into the great portal, in order to find a way to close the portals from the inside. They ventured through the deep purple light, and into the demons' realm. They slowly moved through the eerie and dense forest, until they came upon a large, black tower.
It was then that they realized that they had yet to see any of the demons. They all agreed that they must have something big happening. They slowly crept through the doors of the tower, to the sight of a humongous gathering of demons, all 10,000 of them watching a large demon, who looked to be their leader. They watched silently, preparing to take them all on. Eventually, the leader saw them, and roared a command. All of the demons stood and charged at the heroes.
The heroes fought bravely, and effectively, but there was just too many demons. They were overwhelmed when Vistarana was tackled by a particularly large demon, breaking her concentration, and disrupting her holy shield spell. The demons took down the casters easily after that, as well as Olplyn. Regdarin's pet trifaler, Fang, was also torn apart. Thorn and Rak'narin stood in front of the dwarf, protecting him as he fired shots from his crossbow. Eventually, Rak'narin couldn't take the beatings of the demons any longer, and collapsed, exposing Regdarin to be killed as well.
Thorn disregarded all caution at that point, knowing that either he died and failed his land, or he closed the portals and had his name praised forever. He charged towards the demons' leader, ploughing through the mosh-pit of demons, with only the intention to avenge all who had died at the hands of the demons. He leaped through the air, and plunged his sword into the leader's chest, knocking him back into a glowing crystal. When the demon's body touched the crystal, the glow halted, and the crystal shattered. The realm rumbled, and the demons realized what was happening. They charged at Thorn, and the paladin ran faster than he'd ever before.
The citizens of Rythoria waited anxiously for their heroes' return. When the portals started to fold in on themselves, there was a deafening roar of excitement that was only broken when Vintagh's two year old son asked, "Where daddy?" The crowd fell silent. None of the heroes had returned. They watched the portal anxiously. They saw a silhouette in the portal... It was one of the heroes! The crowd cheered in excitement.
Thorn jumped at the closing portal, hoping to dive through. He passed through... Thin air. The portal had closed. He was trapped.
Rythoria is now in an age of prosperity. Crime is greatly down, and nothing major has happened since the portals were closed. The citizens praise the heroes who gave their lives, so that their land would be saved. That all happened 500 years ago. Everything is rebuilt, and the economy of Rythoria is thriving.
Recently, the emperor ordered all aspiring adventurers to come to the capital city, (Babrak,) for an important assignment. A hefty sum of gold was promised for quick arrival. Caravans are stationed at every town and city, awaiting adventurers. They all depart on Monday.
Desc: Always shorter than 5 feet. Males all have beards. The longer the beard, the higher ranking you are in dwarven culture.
Ability: Mana Leech. Drains an enemy's magic abilities, and changes them into heath for the elf. Can be used once per encounter.
Note, all classes have an ability/spell list. I will notify you whenever you gain a new spell/ability.
Raven - Also known as: Death's Guardian, Queen of Darkness. She is a lost god of the Dark-elf race, there is no information on her besides she is very powerful in the ways of magic, Veldrin revived her, and took her as a lover. She is commonly worshipped by Dark-elf woman who wish to be by Veldrin's side after death, but has also been worshipped by wizards, and warlocks.
light, instead of darkness, and is Veldrin's enemy. She is usually worshiped by: good aligned dark-elves, clerics, and druids.
Denthanus - Master of Dragons. This is a real dragon who attained so much power, that he was granted a realm of his own, and has gained even more power, a power of a god. He is worshipped by: Dragons, dragon-born, and Dread-knights.
Dwarf: Dwarven. (Note: Not a very full language. Best to just say that your character said it in his native tongue.)
I mean, I damn killed Barnum's character. I think that equivalents to a good amount of exp. Say, a few thousand?
Yeah... how close am I to leveling? I looked pretty awesome. Fighting Barnum and Mr. Fable... at the same time.
I think nearly everyone has leveled up... I have to do the math when I get home, have all my info there.
Appearance: A black hooded cloak hides Most of Feren's seemingly frail features. He stands about 6'2 with pointed ears and medium-length black hair. a pitch-black scar runs upwards from his left cheek through his left eye, and his left hand shows large numbers of deep red scars that run like a web, fortunately it's covered by a fingerless glove.
Personality: Feren holds three seperate personalities. This is not to say that he is insane... well... he is but thats not why he is split, although it ecxplains his paranoia. Instead, Feren is possessed by two distinct entities. The first- Ferendir, is The embodiment of all of the good inside of him. When controlled by this spirit, feren will be talkative, polite, and apologetic. Alternatively, A demon by the name of Fearen (the a and e should be toghether but this computer doesn't have that) is constantly trying to gain control of Feren's body to cause mayhem. When this demon is in control, Feren is ruthless, attacking any creatures on sight that oppose him. When not bieng controlled, Feren is known to have a dark disposition, and is somnewhat paranoid. He will speak in a polite, intelligent tone, often trapping others with their own words. This form of Feren enjoys mind games, and is known to be somewhat of a Sato-masicist. However, it is in his heart to do good, and he usually listens to Ferendir's advice when making important decisions. Only Feren's closest frineds know about the possessions.
My brother received a camera for Christmas one year. We can go on ad nauseum about all the great stuff my brother got that I didn’t, but that would ignore the fact that I got a bunch of awesome stuff too and acknowledgment of such would not lend itself well to my sour grapes attitude. We spent some time photographing our normal activities — at least those I was willing to share with my brother. He’d seen me fight before, so I invited him to photograph a fake one (WWF style — I still got my hits in). Check out my form.
I loved being a kid. I loved impromptu games of kickball and climbing fences and walking barefoot on fresh hot tar. I loved my friends. I loved Wendy and Angela most, but I also loved the neighborhood kids and my classmates as well. I loved them so fiercely, especially the ones I saw as weaker, that I would kick the ass of anyone who caused anyone any grief. I guess I maybe had a reputation.
Laura fancied herself as tough stuff and came looking for a fight. For that reason alone, I should have taken an extra hit of joy in knocking that clown down. I made short order of Laura, but it was a joyless exercise. I realized that once people started searching me out to challenge the champion, then I was no longer, nor maybe ever was, defender of of the little guy. I was just a target for every wannabe tough kid.
With one last face shove in the dirt, I got up, my brain reeling in confusion. Yes, I kicked her ass in front of her friends who had just told her they would jump in but who didn’t. Yes, she was more stout than I, but I was an inch or so taller. Not only did I not want to be My Bodyguard* anymore, I also didn’t want to be part of that sort of humiliation, even when people deserved it. I determined Laura was my last beat down. I was finished and I said so.
Laura got up with grass in her hair, clothing askew, and obligatory dirt smears on her arm and cheek and asked for more. I couldn’t believe it. She hadn’t even caught her breath from the last round! “Nah, I think we are done here,” I said. “Are you scared?” she asked. Hell no I wasn’t scared; I had just kicked her ass! I laughed incredulously, but couldn’t think of the gracious way out, so I turned away and began walking home. She shoved me and her previously mute friends renewed their empty promises.
I faced them in disbelief. I was absolutely NOT used to people not accepting my word for gospel. “I said I was done.” “Because you’re a big ol’ chicken!” Laura said and her friends clucked in agreement. Then I said the dumbest thing of all. “Can’t you hear my mom calling?”
I hate to admit it, but my sympathies started to shift once Laura took a whuppin' and asked for more.
My second one was a racehorse, a PC 240 by Wang, with EGA graphics and a 286 processor, also I kept all the stuff and it's still functional
I think it came with PC DOS, I was using Lotus 123, Paint, a very early windows version... (1.0 I think) and had a lot of fun with Larry and Spacequest
NCIS Season 16 Episode 7 The Flash (2014) Season 5 Episode 5 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 21 Tosh.0 Season 10 Episode 19 NCIS: New Orleans Season 5 Episode 7 The Voice Season 15 Episode 16 Ink Master Season 11 Episode 11 Lethal Weapon Season 3 Episode 7 Naked News Season 2018 Episode 271 The Gifted Season 2 Episode 7 The Curse of Oak Island Season 6 Episode 2 The Kids Are Alright Season 1 Episode 4 The Curse of Oak Island Season 6 Episode 1 Informer Season 1 Episode 5 The Bold and the Beautiful Season 32 Episode 41
NCIS Season 16 Episode 7 The Flash (2014) Season 5 Episode 5 The Daily Show Season 24 Episode 21 Tosh.0 Season 10 Episode 19 NCIS: New Orleans Season 5 Episode 7 The Voice Season 15 Episode 16 The Challenge Season 32 Episode 19 Informer Season 1 Episode 5 The Little Couple Season 13 Episode 9 The Bold and the Beautiful Season 32 Episode 41 Flipping Out Season 11 Episode 9 Splitting Up Together (US) Season 2 Episode 4 New Amsterdam (2018) Season 1 Episode 7 Ink Master Season 11 Episode 11 Lethal Weapon Season 3 Episode 7
From our catering facility in East Harlem, we bring our food and lifestyle to your home or event space, from Woodstock to Montauk!
Welcome Our shop has closed.This site is half abandoned, but all the recipes are still here. Go Cook!
We are pleased to finally announce the beginning of our catering services. From our new kitchen in East Harlem we can service from Woodstock to Montauk! Let us bring to your home or event space a Super Tuscan Experience in food and lifestyle.
Our logistics office can also set up branded catering events out of state, so yeah… maybe we will see you soon at a concert or at the races!!!
This is one of the easiest seafood entrées you’ll ever make, yet one of the most satisfying and attractive. Sword sh has a meatiness that is nicely balanced by the other components of this salad: spicy arugula, cool mint, sweet oranges, and crunchy pine nuts.
Boar has a very special place in Tuscan menus; it represents heritage, family traditions and it stands as a true link between hunters and the land they live on. Almost every farmer I grew up with spent his summer working restlessly the fields of our estate and the winters hunting on it. The Bosconi Farm is almost equally divided in Olive Orchards and Forest, and there is a constant flow of animals in and out of the woods…
Food, family, and style come together in a celebration of the pleasures of the rustic Italian table with 100 recipes for simple yet exquisite meals that are accessible, full of fresh flavor, and easy to prepare. Pre-Order now!
Inquire about our catering services and off-site productions. Call or email us for rates and availability.
Reserve tickets for one of our dinners or check if by any chance we are coming to cook close to where you are.
This picture kitchen storage stand has been uploaded by author in free standing kitchen storage solutions, stand alone kitchen storage cabinets, free standing kitchen storage units ikea at July 31, 2018, 11:31 am. You can explore kitchen storage stand home decor microwave with storehouses and additional useful reports in home decor group.
This image washable shower curtain has been published by admin in fabric shower curtains amazon, cloth shower curtains cheap, washable shower curtains at May 17, 2018, 11:00 am. You can easily surf washable shower curtain home decor curtains fabric and even more valuable articles in home decor group.
This image water pumps for basement has been published by author in water powered pumps basement, water pump for basement floods home depot, water backup pump basement at May 28, 2018, 11:01 am. You could explore water pumps for basement home decor do you have flooding in your or and further helpful posts in home decor category.
Whenever one goes for insurance, it is important to shop around for the type of. Online Quote Today. website security. Your Information. Can Save up to 50%. To get a cheap car insurance, a new driver should pay attention to some tips.
If you're looking for car insurance and you're over 50 years old, read here for more reasons on why you should shop around.
Martin Lewis’ system to combine comparison sites to compare 100s of cheap car insurance quotes, and then get hidden cashback deals too.
SR22 Insurance California is a great neutral insurance agency that offers SR22 policies from a wide range of California providers. Our aim is always to support insurance customers to buy good quality car insurance plans at the cheapest price.
For the last 50 years, The General has written over 5 million automobile insurance policies for real people like you. People who've maybe had traffic violations or.
Under 50s Car Insurance. Free breakdown cover for new customers when purchased directly* ( T&Cs apply) Optional extras^ to create a package that best suits you
American Auto Insurance is located in Chicago and provides auto insurance to Illinois drivers. Contact us for cheap car insurance or instant SR22. American Auto. A FREE QUOTE NOW. Get a Quote. Refer a Friend for a chance to win $50.
Quotes, reviews, ratings, and car insurance discounts for The General Car Insurance. The General offers nearly 50 specific auto insurance discounts to their customers so be sure you're. Starting your auto quote online discount, Varies.
Car insurance cover you can trust with a 10% online discount on all new car insurance policies. Get an online quote for Comprehensive & Third Party cover options. Get €50 off your car insurance with the Toyota FaceItDown App. Offer.
For claims, Farm Bureau auto insurance offers online reporting, a 24-hour phone. Starting the process by only requiring one estimate, and ending with a direct.
A car insurance premium calculator is an online tool that helps insurance buyers to obtain a quote from various car insurance companies along with.
“An accident that occurs at 50 miles per hour is going to result in more. of the car insurance policy have been reached. Many people go online to get quotes for the cheapest car insurance when they.
May 12, 2009. Car insurance can cost an arm and a leg, but there are ways to make it less. that allow you to comparison-shop by offering online price quotes. "You can wind up paying up to 50 percent more if you have a bad credit score.
Jan 22, 2017. If you're like many drivers looking for the cheapest car insurance, you may be. If you are currently insured, drive less than 50 miles per day and live in a. Never purchase auto insurance without comparing all of the online discounts first. to some of the leading US auto insurance quote comparison sites.
Find the cover that’s right for you with car insurance from M&S Bank. Get a quote online today for quality car insurance.
Answer: By requesting a quote from us you can be rest assured that you will recieve some of the best rates available. We compare over 50 different insurance.
Liability car insurance is required by 49 out of 50 states and the District of. You can get an auto insurance quote online, or speak with an agent who'll be happy.
Get a car insurance quote free online from 21st Century Insurance. For over 50 years and counting, 21st Century Insurance has taken pride in providing.
Just in case you do need to make a car insurance claim, wouldn’t it be nice to know that you’ve got the right coverage? Get a quote online.
Car Insurance Bc New Drivers Car Insurance Get your licence so you can get on the road. Find out about learners, novice, and full licences. Protect yourself with car/auto insurance coverage. Learn more about how CIBC insurance has been helping Canadians But when the driver, Patrick Tannhauser, took the ticket to Justice Hunter Gordon, New drivers. Get information about B.C.’s graduated licensing
Give us two minutes and we’ll give you a free, no-commitment auto insurance quote. Purchase a policy online and we’ll provide instant proof of insurance. Sound easy? It is.
Car Insurance And Speed Awareness Course Dartford What is a Speed Awareness Course? It is a half-day theory based workshop designed to help you recognise speed limits, address the reasons for speeding and give you information to help you reduce the likelihood of speeding in the future. Published by Pendragon, Easingwold, YO61 3YS. January (Number 309) GWR ‘King’ 4-6-0 No.6006 King George
LOS ANGELES, July 31, 2018 /PRNewswire-iReach/ — Compare-autoinsurance.org has released a new article that explains the main advantages of online car.
What To Do When Car Insurance Company Denies Claim In the latest development of the saga of Tesla vs Martin Tripp, the automaker’s former employee being sued for hacking Tesla’. Insurance: Insurance, a system under which the insurer, for a consideration usually agreed upon in advance, promises to reimburse the insured or to render services to the insured in the event that certain accidental
Car Insurance – Compare car insurance quotes from best car insurance companies in India. Buy or renew car insurance online and save up-to 70% on premium instantly. Get your car policy in your inbox in just 5 minutes only at Coverfox.com.
Get insurance quotes and buy online for discounts on Halifax Home and Car. £ 50 cashback offer with new combined buildings and contents policies and a.
Which car insurance company looks after you best when you. yet even this score is decent. Quote Me Happy is an online-only insurance brand from UK.
Get a car insurance quote from Discovery Insure. Get up to 50% of your monthly fuel spend back and up to 25% of your Uber drives. Pay no hail claim excess.
Buy or Renew car insurance policy online from IFFCO Tokio. Request a quick quote on car insurance or other 4 wheeler insurance online. Renew your car policy today.
Car Insurance: Compare car insurance policies online offered by top four wheeler insurance companies. Buy or renew best auto insurance plans with the premium comparison that offer cashless garage benefits. With Policybazaar, get instant quotes and save up to 60% on car insurance premium.
Get a car insurance quote free online from 21st Century Insurance. Find advice on the right auto insurance policy for your vehicle and coverage needs.
Jun 13, 2018. Then get started shopping for car insurance online right now. There's no. Forty- eight out of 50 states require liability insurance. You can check.
COMPARE CAR INSURANCE How to get a car insurance quote. It’s easy to get an accurate car insurance quote. All you need to do is answer certain questions about your car and you’ll be reviewing car insurance quotes within minutes.
A quick tinker with By Miles’ online calculator. s intention is “to make car insurance fairer, and the whole experience of owning a car much easier.” • Car.
Use an online comparison service to do the hard work for you. Put in your details and check the prices that come up. You can alter the excess that you are willing to.
For over 50 years, United Auto Insurance has been saving Chicagoans money with. Visit our 'Locations Served' page to get a free online quote for your city.
Apr 7, 2017. That's why it pays to get some initial car insurance quotes for models. in 10 ZIP codes and with 100/300/50 liability insurance limits, 100/300.
Grundy Insurance has specialized in protecting collector cars since 1947!. Grundy insurance saves you at least 50% of the cost of regular car insurance while delivering. Please Answer The Following Questions To Get Your Quote. Or click the link “Logins & Forms” at the top of any page to access online claims service.
Get great discounts, mobile app rewards, agreed value, and collect Fly Buys. Three levels of cover to choose from. Get a quote online now.
Car Insurance – Bajaj Allianz offers comprehensive car insurance policies to help you secure your car from unwanted mishaps with ease. Buy or renew Car insurance online.
Switch your car insurance to the AARP® Auto Insurance Program from The Hartford and save. Enjoy great rates that recognize your experience and the extra benefits you deserve as an AARP member. Get an auto insurance quote today; you may be eligible for additional savings.
He said while he was searching online for car insurance he was given a quote of around C$4,500 (£2,631) a year. He then decided to ask the insurer if the price.
Dec 7, 2016. Every driver in the Peach State must have auto insurance. State law requires at least a 25/50/25 policy: bodily injury liability limits of $25,000.
This program is nothing short of outstanding. The Academy's direction is organized and professional and the coaching exceeds expectations on all levels. The coaches are highly trained and foster a love of soccer through their commitment to developing soccer skills and team work in a safe, supportive environment.
I was searching for a coach to help prepare me for a higher level of soccer play and a friend had recommended Tamera Hatfield to me. I was fortunate enough to be able to travel to Arizona from Wisconsin to spend several days training with Coach Hatfield. Her passion and knowledge of the game of soccer was amazing. She challenged me at both the physical and technical levels. She was motivating and dedicated to helping me improve the skills I had and learn many more. The time I spent with Coach Hatfield was invaluable for a dedicated soccer player. I would absolutely recommend Tamara Hatfield to any player seeking to learn the game of soccer or improve skills they already have or develop their coaching ability as well. Thank you Coach Tamera!
Wanted to thank you for inviting Q. to the tournament this weekend. He was very excited and I had not seen that in him in the last couple of years. You have put a spark back in him. He is looking forward to this next season. He will be going to camp also.
Rick has vast knowledge and love of the game. He is a motivator, creative at his implementation of soccer skills with his players. He truly made my girls better players, which showed on the field.
I cannot tell you how great it has been watching my son (age 5) excel and grow! He has developed a love of soccer because of Coach Tamera! She has motivated my son like no one has ever done before! He has Sensory integration issues and has had trouble focusing, staying in line and following directions. He has made a lot of progress and feels very proud of himself! Coach has made his progress possible and since coordination was somewhat of a problem she has improved his skills tremendously! I was taking him to Occupational therapy for the above mentioned things, but he does not need it anymore! At school he was receiving therapy but test out of it. Coach Tamera has become his friend as well as mine. He loves her and can't wait for soccer! He is waiting at the front door, dressed and ready to go! (I can't explain how hard it has bee to dress him for things before). He never wants to miss it or be late. When it is over he does not want to leave the field! He insists on staying for goal training and wants to do academy training. Recently, he was ready to move up to a new soccer ball. Coach gave him one! He sleeps with it! He has instilled not only the need for training like no other coach done, but also a love for soccer! You will come to depend on her not just to teach your child soccer. (Anybody can do that) but she instills good sportsmanship, great techniques, and a true appreciation for the sport! We love Coach Tamera Hatfield and the AZ Soccer Academy and you will too!! ASA all the way!!
Stay up-to-date with anti-malware software to protect your Windows scans and software > Security products and services: Frequently asked questions .. Tool is an anti-malware utility that checks computers running Windows 10 Technical it's a good idea to run this tool regularly even if your computer seems to be fine.
27 Dec 2008 Options · 50 Recent Entries · All Categories · All Entries by Date We've done exactly what you asked for, but there's a problem. The default setting for virtual memory are typically good enough for most. as a place for answers to common computer and technical questions. . July 6, 2010 at 10:06 am.
20 Aug 2015 While this may be good news for many fans of the addictive game, some users—worried about the time they may be tempted to waste—have
19 Mar 2009 I teach ancient art and this will be fun to share with the students. Later Janey. Mark . The hammer DOES exist, but there's no way to date the age of stone. You can date fred allen's bio, treadmill to oblivion, where he and goodman ace but not cringe, the McWilliams sisters were jolly, dorothy married
In New York City, a case of mistaken identity turns a bored married couple's Steve Carell in Date Night (2010) Steve Carell and Tina Fey at Date Night (2010) .. now- not to mention with shows back-to-back on Thursday nights on NBC- Steve funny be funny almost despite some of the limitations in the script, Date Night . Dating for fun not marriage wiki
is the largest black dating site for black singles in the U.S. BlackPeopleMeet provides a simple, safe and fun atmosphere which makes it easy to quickly view and contact No need to bother with any other dating sites.❾-50%}
Motorola phones are well known as “high-quality”, “low-cost” moibles these years, especially the moto G and moto X series. Needless to say, the Motorola mobiles are great for young people. In this digital world, almost all younger having a smartphone to keep their precious files, like beautiful videos, photos, amazing musics, important contacts, text messages, call logs and more. However, we have received many letters from our customers -Motorola users, complaining that they accidentally lost/deleted files from their phones. It is indeed a little hard to restore files on Motorola if you don’t have any backups. Don’t worry, this post is going to tell you guys how to directly recover deleted files from Motorola phones like moto X, moto G, Atrix, droid, razr etc.
To start with, you need to get a useful Moto data recovery tool named Yolisoft Android Data Recovery to help you to do the job. You can free download its trail versions, both windows version and mac version are available. This program is designed to retrieve data from any android devices including the Motorola phones/tablets. You can simple recover contacts, sms, call history, whatsapp messages and attachments, videos, pictures, audio files etc. on Motorola mobiles in 3 simple steps: device connect to pc -> select file to scan-> preview and recover.
After you downloaded and installed the program, connect your device to your PC/Mac with USB cable, and run the software. (Note: to make your motorola accessible, enable developer options before connecting it to computer. So that the motorola data recovery tool is able to identify and access lost files on your device)
When you launched the program, you will see the screenshot as the below picture shows. If you want to recover multimedia files like photos, videos, audio files, just tap the corresponding panel to continue, and so on. Then click “Start” to begin scanning.
The scanning process may take for a while, which depending on the size and type of the files it scans. When it is done, you are allowed to view the recoverable data one by one to verify the scan result. You can decide if you need to make the payment for recovering the founded file to your computer. If you are satisfied with the result, click “Recover” button to get them back.
That's it. Lost Motorola files are brought back with only 3 simple steps. Very easy, isn't it? Try it yourself.
- The Android Recovery software can only works on recovering Motorola files that haven’t been overwritten by new data. Therefore, to restore data as much as possible, you should use your device as less as possible to avoid data overwriting.
- Regularly backing up your motorola device is the first step to keep your important files safe(You can try android phone manager, Titanium Backup etc. Android backup apps). In that way, you will save not only the money for paying recovery tools, but also save your more precious time and energy.
If any information inside the audio file is modified or is missing, it becomes unplayable. Audio file recovery tool repairing the file, to make it playable again in most file audio formats.
There are android apps such as (Undeleter or Dr. fone) that can be a big rescue to recover lost files on android. Find out more about these apps here Best data recovery app android
Nice sharing on Motorola Moto G/X Data Recovery - Recover Files from Motorola Phones/Tablets. By the method offered in the article, we can easily recover all kinds of files from Motorola device.
Snapchat is a unique app that can brings a lot of fun. It’s getting popular and popular among teenagers, since teenagers are the main users ...
Android phones and tablets are holding the majority of smart phone market. There are popular brands like Samsung, HTC, Sony, LG, HUAWEI, Mo...
Sometimes, the android users may have encountered hardware or software issues like phone screen broken, the touch screen not working, and yo...
Viber becomes more and more popular in this digital world. It lets you freely send messages as well as make free calls to your friends, fami...
An increasing number of Android users install Viber on their Android phones or tablets. It allows you to make free calls with friends and f...
Motorola Moto M smartphone was launched in November 2016. Motorola ’ s Moto M marks a break from the Moto Z, Moto X series design. This is ...
Many Android users prefer to use Hangouts to keep in touch with their friends and family. With Hangouts, you can have a one-on-one conversa...
Since LG released its new flagship LG G4 a few days ago, it catches enough attractions. Compared with its old phone LG G3/G2, it improves in...
Many Android smart phone users would like to chat on WhatsApp. They can not only text messages over WhatsApp, but also can share pictures w...
moana inspirational quotes the best argument against democracy is a five minute conversation with the average voter quotes about love tumblr.
quotes about change growth mindset inspirational to live by family drama,quotes about friends becoming family being happy again beautiful inspirational love for him,inspirational funny quotes digital file about change in the world being happy single spanish,quotes about love for him to live by princess printable be strong have courage but celebrity new orleans,quotes to live by pinterest best movie images on film finding about life being good cross stitch,quotes about strength and weakness best inspiration a images on thoughts love tumblr bible,quotes about life tumblr family and love top by of a z problems,quotes about change in spanish being happy a relationship friendship changing how far ill go inspirational,new movie review insider quotes about life being hard happy again change,quotes about family memories being happy tumblr and in love inspirational coloring pages for adults 2 full size of amusing.
CRL ADI are an industry leading stone working tool manufacturer. Their profiling wheels are among the best in the market. They are suitable for use on granite only, and for use only on CNC machines.
Most shipping weights are approximate and have not been verified. If the exact weight is needed in order to determine shipping costs, and shipping costs are required in order for you to complete your order, please request this prior to submitting your order by contacting CRL Customer Service. Product images shown are of the actual product or a close representation. ColorsColours can vary depending on your computer's video card and on how your monitor's colorcolour is adjusted.
Questions? Contact CRL Customer Service by calling (800) 421-6144 or online by clicking on Contact Us.
Keep me informed about CRL special offers, exclusive products and new product information. (Enter e-mail address and click Submit)
We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you what personally identifiable information we may collect and how it may be used. This statement only applies to this Website.
RedBeansAndEric.com is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact me directly at redbeansanderic@gmail.com or by visiting the Contact Us page.
This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion, and identity. The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this blog. That content, advertising space or post will be clearly identified as paid or sponsored content.
The owner(s) of this blog is not compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.
We may collect personal information from you such as your name or email address. For example, you may voluntarily submit information to the Website by leaving a comment, subscribing to a newsletter, or submitting a contact form. In addition, you are able to create a user profile, which allows you to create a username and password. We will store the username, but your password will not be visible in our records.
We automatically collect certain information about you and the device with which you access the Website. For example, when you use the Website, we will log your IP address, operating system type, browser type, referring website, pages you viewed, and the dates/times when you accessed the Website. We may also collect information about actions you take when using the Website, such as links clicked.
We may log information using cookies, which are small data files stored on your browser by the Website. We may use both session cookies, which expire when you close your browser, and persistent cookies, which stay on your browser until deleted, to provide you with a more personalized experience on the Website.
Google Analytics – this service tracks Website usage and provides information such as referring websites and user actions on the Website. Google Analytics may capture your IP address, but no other personal information is captured by Google Analytics.
MailChimp – this service is used for delivery of email updates and newsletters. We store your name and email address for purposes of delivering such communications. Please refer to MailChimp’s privacy policy for further information.
The Website may engage in affiliate marketing, which is done by embedding tracking links into the Website. If you click on a link to an affiliate partnership, a cookie will be placed on your browser to track any sales for purposes of commissions.
RedBeansAndEric.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and links to Amazon.com. As part of this Amazon Associates program, the Website will post customized links, provided by Amazon, to track the referrals to their website. This program utilizes cookies to track visits for the purposes of assigning commission on these sales.
On the Website, you may subscribe to our newsletter, which may be used for advertising purposes. All newsletters sent may contain tracking pixels. The pixel is embedded in emails and allows an analysis of the success of online marketing campaigns. Because of these tracking pixels, we may see if and when you open an email and which links within the email you click. Also, this allows the Website to adapt the content of future newsletters to the interests of the user. This behavior will not be passed on to third parties.
At any time, please contact us at redbeansanderic@gmail.com for questions related to this Privacy Policy.
Hi! Welcome to Red Beans & Eric. This is about more than just red beans and rice. It's also about community, culture, and coming together over amazing food!
best affiliate marketing programs australia affiliate marketing publishers | alibaba affiliate marketing programs affiliate marketing keith fugate pdf
Good point about reviewing online courses before you promote them to protect your reputation. However, I would like to point out that the level of attention the course creator gives you (the endorser) and what they give to a random customer might be very different. There are so called marketing gurus out there who are extremely skilled at making false promises and not delivering on them. Once they have the endorsement of a few reputed marketers and some ‘lucky’ customers, they can easily get away with ripping other people off with hyped up money making guarantees. I have had a personal experience with this as a customer, but lets not mention names! The point is, when we are promoting someone, we need to do an in-depth due diligence. Only going through their course is not enough. It would be great if there was some kind of a course review site -something like tripadvisor. This is something that the industry really needs – something to make people accountable. A lot of people are losing faith in these online courses. I am staying away from promoting people unless I am very certain of their integrity.
Cafe Press: This website allows you to create digital designs that can then be sold on the platform. You'll earn a commission for everything that sells and you'll never have to deal with printing, warehousing, customer service and so on. The site has over 2 million independent designers that have created products being sold online here. If you have some graphic design skills, then this is a great potential source for your web-based income.
Since the emergence of affiliate marketing, there has been little control over affiliate activity. Unscrupulous affiliates have used spam, false advertising, forced clicks (to get tracking cookies set on users' computers), adware, and other methods to drive traffic to their sponsors. Although many affiliate programs have terms of service that contain rules against spam, this marketing method has historically proven to attract abuse from spammers.
In the past, many affiliate marketers focused on a catch-all approach, offering traffic up to hundreds or thousands of sites, even if they had little authority or traffic to give. But in 2018, advertisers will laser their focus into smaller groups of highly credible, targeted, and popular influencers. To map your strategy, focus on a few key influencers in your industry. Start with them, then nail your niche before expanding outward.
Now you’ve got many different options to start earning online. If you saw something that really interests you, try it out and learn more about it. If you’re really wanting to make a full-time income online, you need to be dedicated to learning how to do what you want to do. There are tons of free resources out there. You just have to search for them!
Cryptocurrency or digital currency is the next big thing in currency trading. It’s a digital asset that is used as a method to pay for things, that isn’t run by a government or institution. Bitcoin is the most well known digital currency and was trading at $200 per Bitcoin back in 2013. Now it is worth over $17k and is expected to be worth well over $1m in 2022.
MY biggest struggle is knowing how to put the promotion together and having everything in place when you promote it. I would kill for a Step-by-Step hold your hand and let me show you once how to do it correctly Mapped Blueprint. I have seen lots of sales pages but when you get them from the vendor they look a lot of the times nothing like the Org sales page, have never written a sales page before and it becomes overwhelming and confusing and then totally frustrating
Affiliates discussed the issues in Internet forums and began to organize their efforts. They believed that the best way to address the problem was to discourage merchants from advertising via adware. Merchants that were either indifferent to or supportive of adware were exposed by affiliates, thus damaging those merchants' reputations and tarnishing their affiliate marketing efforts. Many affiliates either terminated the use of such merchants or switched to a competitor's affiliate program. Eventually, affiliate networks were also forced by merchants and affiliates to take a stand and ban certain adware publishers from their network. The result was Code of Conduct by Commission Junction/beFree and Performics,[31] LinkShare's Anti-Predatory Advertising Addendum,[32] and ShareASale's complete ban of software applications as a medium for affiliates to promote advertiser offers.[33] Regardless of the progress made, adware continues to be an issue, as demonstrated by the class action lawsuit against ValueClick and its daughter company Commission Junction filed on April 20, 2007.[34]
When beginning your affiliate marketing career, you’ll want to cultivate an audience that has very specific interests. This allows you to tailor your affiliate campaigns to that niche, increasing the likelihood that you’ll convert. By establishing yourself as an expert in one area instead of promoting a large array of products, you’ll be able to market to the people most likely to buy the product.
Do you love getting refunds? How cool would it be to get money back on stuff you’ve already bought without having to do a thing? Paribus is a service that lets you find out if stores you’ve shopped at online owe you a refund. It’s free to sign up. Paribus connects to your email account and checks your receipts. If they find out a retailer has dropped their price they file a price adjustment claim for you. Try out Paribus.
Robo-advisors are diversified investment accounts that are automatically managed by a computer algorithm (as opposed to a human money manager). If you want to invest, but don’t have the money, or don’t want to invest with a money manager, robo-advisors are for you! Robo-advisors make investing easier—and cheaper—so they’re perfect for new investors.
But don't make the mistake of thinking this will be a passive source of income—you're on call whenever you have a guest and you'll always need to keep the place clean for incoming visitors. On top of just renting on Airbnb, consider offering your guests paid add-ons, like Lauren Gheysens', Royal Day Out in London, England—where she gives visitors a local's only tour of the city, complete with bespoke 18th century costumes.
Research selling prices of items similar to yours. Look up completed sales or current listings of items similar to yours. Find the high- and low-end prices, and price your object around the median price level. If you want your item to sell quickly, price it at the low end. The condition of the item also affects the price. Items in poorer condition should be priced at the lower end. Also, consider how many listings there already are of items similar to yours. If many similar items will be competing with yours, you may have to set the price lower to get the sale.[28]
Once your hosting is set up, you need to install a content management system (CMS) for your site. We recommend WordPress because it is easy to use and a beginner (like you!) can quite quickly figure out how it works. Most good hosting providers will have a one-click install option for WordPress, which means it will only take you a couple of minutes and you will have WordPress installed on your site.
Becoming a part of an affiliate network is an excellent strategy for bloggers looking to up their current income or even just to begin actually making money from their blog. There are several options when it comes to affiliate marketing as well as strategies for making affiliate marketing work for you. Below I will teach you what is affiliate marketing, examples of affiliate marketing in blogging, affiliate strategies and some of the top affiliate networks to join.
Many new users prefer to start off with the 100% Free Offers, which is what we usually recommend. These offers are great for beginners because nothing is required other than several minutes of your time. The payouts on these offers are lower, but you're not paying a dime to complete them and they'll get you use to the CashCrate system. After you've started making money online with our free offers, you can always move on to trial offers and increase your earnings.
While these models have diminished in mature e-commerce and online advertising markets they are still prevalent in some more nascent industries. China is one example where Affiliate Marketing does not overtly resemble the same model in the West. With many affiliates being paid a flat "Cost Per Day" with some networks offering Cost Per Click or CPM.
Better yet, you can even upload your own book to one of the world’s largest book sellers: Amazon. With Amazon self-publishing, you set the price, retain the rights to your book, and get access to Amazon’s massive audience. For every sale, you keep 70% with Amazon taking the remainder as a fee. If you want to get started, check out Leslie Samuel's great guide to selling eBooks online or follow Tara Gentile on CreativeLive as she shows you how to use your existing body of work to write an eBook within the next week. Who knows, you might just write one of the best business books of this year!
Next, you need to set up and build your YouTube channel. Your YouTube channel is your homebase for all your content. If you already have a Google account for Gmail or Google Drive, then you can use that to log-in to YouTube and start setting up your channel. Pick a username that works for you and is memorable (if you’re using an existing Google account you’ll have to edit your username in Google+).
people who visited the site but did not opt in > you can use negative audiences for your ads with facebook ads, you just take visitors to the site and substract the people that visited the thank you page. For people who did not purchase, you simply can't with affiliate marketing unless the vendor adds a conversion pixel of yours on their thank you page.
Fiverr is one of the biggest providers in the gig economy on the web and you can sell a wide variety of services and products through this medium. Do the research and find out what you can offer. However, keep in mind that like any other money-making task, it takes time to succeed here. And stellar reviews will help you generate more and more income over time.
ClickBank is a data base where affiliate find digital products to sell and vendors find afffiliates to sell the products. The big advantage of ClickBank is that it has its own payment processor. Affliates place the Ads on their website, blog and social media and when a customer buy something it is charged on the customer's credit card. Once the payment is processed, the affiliate marketer recieves the commission. This process is handled by ClickBank at no charge to the affiliate.
The problem with affiliate marketing, like many other home business options, are the so-called gurus and get-rich-quick programs that suggest affiliate marketing can be done fast and with little effort. Odds are you've read claims of affiliate marketing programs that say you can make hundreds of thousands of dollars a month doing almost nothing ("Three clicks to rich!"). Or, they suggest you can set up your affiliate site, and then forget it, except to check your bank deposits.
And the LORD God said, It is not good that the man should be alone; I will make him an help meet for him. Genesis 2:18
And Adam gave names to all cattle, and to the fowl of the air, and to every beast of the field; but for Adam there was not found an help meet for him. Genesis 2:20
Even by the God of thy father, who shall help thee; and by the Almighty, who shall bless thee with blessings of heaven above, blessings of the deep that lieth under, blessings of the breasts, and of the womb:
The blessings of thy father have prevailed above the blessings of my progenitors unto the utmost bound of the everlasting hills: they shall be on the head of Joseph, and on the crown of the head of him that was separate from his brethren. Genesis 49:25, 26
And the shepherds came and drove them away: but Moses stood up and helped them, and watered their flock. Exodus 2:17
And the name of the other was Eliezer; for the God of my father, said he, was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharaoh:
And Jethro, Moses' father in law, came with his sons and his wife unto Moses into the wilderness, where he encamped at the mount of God:
And he said unto Moses, I thy father in law Jethro am come unto thee, and thy wife, and her two sons with her. Exodus 18:4-6
If thou see the ass of him that hateth thee lying under his burden, and wouldest forbear to help him, thou shalt surely help with him. Exodus 23:5
Thou shalt not see thy brother's ass or his ox fall down by the way, and hide thyself from them: thou shalt surely help him to lift them up again. Deuteronomy 22:4
Which did eat the fat of their sacrifices, and drank the wine of their drink offerings? let them rise up and help you, and be your protection. Deuteronomy 32:38
And this is the blessing of Judah: and he said, Hear, LORD, the voice of Judah, and bring him unto his people: let his hands be sufficient for him; and be thou an help to him from his enemies. Deuteronomy 33:7
There is none like unto the God of Jeshurun, who rideth upon the heaven in thy help, and in his excellency on the sky. Deuteronomy 33:26
Happy art thou, O Israel: who is like unto thee, O people saved by the LORD, the shield of thy help, and who is the sword of thy excellency! and thine enemies shall be found liars unto thee; and thou shalt tread upon their high places. Deuteronomy 33:29
Your wives, your little ones, and your cattle, shall remain in the land which Moses gave you on this side Jordan; but ye shall pass before your brethren armed, all the mighty men of valor, and help them;
Until the LORD have given your brethren rest, as he hath given you, and they also have possessed the land which the LORD your God giveth them: then ye shall return unto the land of your possession, and enjoy it, which Moses the LORD's servant gave you on this side Jordan toward the sunrising. Joshua 1:14, 15
Come up unto me, and help me, that we may smite Gibeon: for it hath made peace with Joshua and with the children of Israel. Joshua 10:4
And the men of Gibeon sent unto Joshua to the camp to Gilgal, saying, Slack not thy hand from thy servants; come up to us quickly, and save us, and help us: for all the kings of the Amorites that dwell in the mountains are gathered together against us. Joshua 10:6
Then Horam king of Gezer came up to help Lachish; and Joshua smote him and his people, until he had left him none remaining. Joshua 10:33
Curse ye Meroz, said the angel of the LORD, curse ye bitterly the inhabitants thereof; because they came not to the help of the LORD, to the help of the LORD against the mighty. Judges 5:23
Then Samuel took a stone, and set it between Mizpeh and Shen, and called the name of it Ebenezer, saying, Hitherto hath the LORD helped us. 1 Samuel 7:12
And they said unto the messengers that came, Thus shall ye say unto the men of Jabeshgilead, To morrow, by that time the sun be hot, ye shall have help. And the messengers came and showed it to the men of Jabesh; and they were glad. 1 Samuel 11:9
And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will come and help thee. 2 Samuel 10:11
And when all the kings that were servants to Hadarezer saw that they were smitten before Israel, they made peace with Israel, and served them. So the Syrians feared to help the children of Ammon any more. 2 Samuel 10:19
And when the woman of Tekoah spake to the king, she fell on her face to the ground, and did obeisance, and said, Help, O king. 2 Samuel 14:4
And he conferred with Joab the son of Zeruiah, and with Abiathar the priest: and they following Adonijah helped him. 1 Kings 1:7
And they went out at noon. But Benhadad was drinking himself drunk in the pavilions, he and the kings, the thirty and two kings that helped him. 1 Kings 20:16
And as the king of Israel was passing by upon the wall, there cried a woman unto him, saying, Help, my lord, O king.
And he said, If the LORD do not help thee, whence shall I help thee? out of the barnfloor, or out of the winepress?
And the king said unto her, What aileth thee? And she answered, This woman said unto me, Give thy son, that we may eat him to day, and we will eat my son to morrow. 2 Kings 6:26-28
For the LORD saw the affliction of Israel, that it was very bitter: for there was not any shut up, nor any left, nor any helper for Israel. 2 Kings 14:26
And they were helped against them, and the Hagarites were delivered into their hand, and all that were with them: for they cried to God in the battle, and he was intreated of them; because they put their trust in him. 1 Chronicles 5:20
Now these are they that came to David to Ziklag, while he yet kept himself close because of Saul the son of Kish: and they were among the mighty men, helpers of the war. 1 Chronicles 12:1
And David went out to meet them, and answered and said unto them, If ye be come peaceably unto me to help me, mine heart shall be knit unto you: but if ye be come to betray me to mine enemies, seeing there is no wrong in mine hands, the God of our fathers look thereon, and rebuke it.
Then the spirit came upon Amasai, who was chief of the captains, and he said, Thine are we, David, and on thy side, thou son of Jesse: peace, peace be unto thee, and peace be to thine helpers; for thy God helpeth thee. Then David received them, and made them captains of the band.
And there fell some of Manasseh to David, when he came with the Philistines against Saul to battle: but they helped them not: for the lords of the Philistines upon advisement sent him away, saying, He will fall to his master Saul to the jeopardy of our heads. 1 Chronicles 12:17-19
And they helped David against the band of the rovers: for they were all mighty men of valor, and were captains in the host.
For at that time day by day there came to David to help him, until it was a great host, like the host of God. 1 Chronicles 12:21, 22
And it came to pass, when God helped the Levites that bare the ark of the covenant of the LORD, that they offered seven bullocks and seven rams. 1 Chronicles 15:26
And when the Syrians of Damascus came to help Hadarezer king of Zobah, David slew of the Syrians two and twenty thousand men. 1 Chronicles 18:5
And he said, If the Syrians be too strong for me, then thou shalt help me: but if the children of Ammon be too strong for thee, then I will help thee. 1 Chronicles 19:12
And when the servants of Hadarezer saw that they were put to the worse before Israel, they made peace with David, and became his servants: neither would the Syrians help the children of Ammon any more. 1 Chronicles 19:19
Is not the LORD your God with you? and hath he not given you rest on every side? for he hath given the inhabitants of the land into mine hand; and the land is subdued before the LORD, and before his people. 1 Chronicles 22:17, 18
And Asa cried unto the LORD his God, and said, LORD, it is nothing with thee to help, whether with many, or with them that have no power: help us, O LORD our God; for we rest on thee, and in thy name we go against this multitude. O LORD, thou art our God; let no man prevail against thee. 2 Chronicles 14:11
And it came to pass, when the captains of the chariots saw Jehoshaphat, that they said, It is the king of Israel. Therefore they compassed about him to fight: but Jehoshaphat cried out, and the LORD helped him; and God moved them to depart from him. 2 Chronicles 18:31
And Jehu the son of Hanani the seer went out to meet him, and said to king Jehoshaphat, Shouldest thou help the ungodly, and love them that hate the LORD? therefore is wrath upon thee from before the LORD. 2 Chronicles 19:2
And Judah gathered themselves together, to ask help of the LORD: even out of all the cities of Judah they came to seek the LORD. 2 Chronicles 20:4
If, when evil cometh upon us, as the sword, judgment, or pestilence, or famine, we stand before this house, and in thy presence, (for thy name is in this house,) and cry unto thee in our affliction, then thou wilt hear and help. 2 Chronicles 20:9
For the children of Ammon and Moab stood up against the inhabitants of mount Seir, utterly to slay and destroy them: and when they had made an end of the inhabitants of Seir, every one helped to destroy another. 2 Chronicles 20:23
And God helped him against the Philistines, and against the Arabians that dwelt in Gurbaal, and the Mehunims. 2 Chronicles 26:7
And under their hand was an army, three hundred thousand and seven thousand and five hundred, that made war with mighty power, to help the king against the enemy. 2 Chronicles 26:13
And he made in Jerusalem engines, invented by cunning men, to be on the towers and upon the bulwarks, to shoot arrows and great stones withal. And his name spread far abroad; for he was marvelously helped, till he was strong. 2 Chronicles 26:15
For Ahaz took away a portion out of the house of the LORD, and out of the house of the king, and of the princes, and gave it unto the king of Assyria: but he helped him not. 2 Chronicles 28:21
For he sacrificed unto the gods of Damascus, which smote him: and he said, Because the gods of the kings of Syria help them, therefore will I sacrifice to them, that they may help me. But they were the ruin of him, and of all Israel. 2 Chronicles 28:23
But the priests were too few, so that they could not flay all the burnt offerings: wherefore their brethren the Levites did help them, till the work was ended, and until the other priests had sanctified themselves: for the Levites were more upright in heart to sanctify themselves than the priests. 2 Chronicles 29:34
He took counsel with his princes and his mighty men to stop the waters of the fountains which were without the city: and they did help him. 2 Chronicles 32:3
With him is an arm of flesh; but with us is the LORD our God to help us, and to fight our battles. And the people rested themselves upon the words of Hezekiah king of Judah. 2 Chronicles 32:8
And whosoever remaineth in any place where he sojourneth, let the men of his place help him with silver, and with gold, and with goods, and with beasts, beside the freewill offering for the house of God that is in Jerusalem. Ezra 1:4
Then rose up Zerubbabel the son of Shealtiel, and Jeshua the son of Jozadak, and began to build the house of God which is at Jerusalem: and with them were the prophets of God helping them. Ezra 5:2
For I was ashamed to require of the king a band of soldiers and horsemen to help us against the enemy in the way: because we had spoken unto the king, saying, The hand of our God is upon all them for good that seek him; but his power and his wrath is against all them that forsake him. Ezra 8:22
Only Jonathan the son of Asahel and Jahaziah the son of Tikvah were employed about this matter: and Meshullam and Shabbethai the Levite helped them. Ezra 10:15
And all the rulers of the provinces, and the lieutenants, and the deputies, and officers of the king, helped the Jews; because the fear of Mordecai fell upon them. Esther 9:3
To him that is afflicted pity should be shewed from his friend; but he forsaketh the fear of the Almighty. Job 6:13, 14
How hast thou counselled him that hath no wisdom? and how hast thou plentifully declared the thing as it is?
Because I delivered the poor that cried, and the fatherless, and him that had none to help him. Job 29:12
Thou hast seen it; for thou beholdest mischief and spite, to requite it with thy hand: the poor committeth himself unto thee; thou art the helper of the fatherless. Psalms 10:14
Help, LORD; for the godly man ceaseth; for the faithful fail from among the children of men. Psalms 12:1
My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me? why art thou so far from helping me, and from the words of my roaring?
O my God, I cry in the day time, but thou hearest not; and in the night season, and am not silent. Psalms 22:1, 2
Hide not thy face far from me; put not thy servant away in anger: thou hast been my help; leave me not, neither forsake me, O God of my salvation. Psalms 27:9
The LORD is my strength and my shield; my heart trusted in him, and I am helped: therefore my heart greatly rejoiceth; and with my song will I praise him. Psalms 28:7
And the LORD shall help them, and deliver them: he shall deliver them from the wicked, and save them, because they trust in him. Psalms 37:40
But I am poor and needy; yet the Lord thinketh upon me: thou art my help and my deliverer; make no tarrying, O my God. Psalms 40:17
Why art thou cast down, O my soul? and why art thou disquieted in me? hope thou in God: for I shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance. Psalms 42:5
God is in the midst of her; she shall not be moved: God shall help her, and that right early. Psalms 46:5
For he shall deliver the needy when he crieth; the poor also, and him that hath no helper. Psalms 72:12
Help us, O God of our salvation, for the glory of thy name: and deliver us, and purge away our sins, for thy name's sake. Psalms 79:9
Then thou spakest in vision to thy holy one, and saidst, I have laid help upon one that is mighty; I have exalted one chosen out of the people. Psalms 89:19
Therefore he brought down their heart with labour; they fell down, and there was none to help. Psalms 107:12
The LORD taketh my part with them that help me: therefore shall I see my desire upon them that hate me. Psalms 118:7
Which executeth judgment for the oppressed: which giveth food to the hungry. The LORD looseth the prisoners:
The LORD openeth the eyes of the blind: the LORD raiseth them that are bowed down: the LORD loveth the righteous:
The LORD preserveth the strangers; he relieveth the fatherless and widow: but the way of the wicked he turneth upside down. Psalms 146:5-9
For if they fall, the one will lift up his fellow: but woe to him that is alone when he falleth; for he hath not another to help him up. Ecclesiastes 4:10
And what will ye do in the day of visitation, and in the desolation which shall come from far? to whom will ye flee for help? and where will ye leave your glory?
Without me they shall bow down under the prisoners, and they shall fall under the slain. For all this his anger is not turned away, but his hand is stretched out still. Isaiah 10:3, 4
And the inhabitant of this isle shall say in that day, Behold, such is our expectation, whither we flee for help to be delivered from the king of Assyria: and how shall we escape? Isaiah 20:6
The burden of the desert of the sea. As whirlwinds in the south pass through; so it cometh from the desert, from a terrible land. Isaiah 21:1
They were all ashamed of a people that could not profit them, nor be an help nor profit, but a shame, and also a reproach. Isaiah 30:5
For the Egyptians shall help in vain, and to no purpose: therefore have I cried concerning this, Their strength is to sit still. Isaiah 30:7
Woe to them that go down to Egypt for help; and stay on horses, and trust in chariots, because they are many; and in horsemen, because they are very strong; but they look not unto the Holy One of Israel, neither seek the LORD!
Yet he also is wise, and will bring evil, and will not call back his words: but will arise against the house of the evildoers, and against the help of them that work iniquity.
Now the Egyptians are men, and not God; and their horses flesh, and not spirit. When the LORD shall stretch out his hand, both he that helpeth shall fall, and he that is holpen shall fall down, and they all shall fail together. Isaiah 31:1-3
They helped every one his neighbour; and every one said to his brother, Be of good courage. Isaiah 41:6
Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help thee; yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness. Isaiah 41:10
Thus saith the LORD that made thee, and formed thee from the womb, which will help thee; Fear not, O Jacob, my servant; and thou, Jesurun, whom I have chosen. Isaiah 44:2
Thus saith the LORD, In an acceptable time have I heard thee, and in a day of salvation have I helped thee: and I will preserve thee, and give thee for a covenant of the people, to establish the earth, to cause to inherit the desolate heritages;
That thou mayest say to the prisoners, Go forth; to them that are in darkness, Shew yourselves. They shall feed in the ways, and their pastures shall be in all high places. Isaiah 49:8, 9
For the Lord GOD will help me; therefore shall I not be confounded: therefore have I set my face like a flint, and I know that I shall not be ashamed. Isaiah 50:7
Behold, the Lord GOD will help me; who is he that shall condemn me? lo, they all shall wax old as a garment; the moth shall eat them up. Isaiah 50:9
And I looked, and there was none to help; and I wondered that there was none to uphold: therefore mine own arm brought salvation unto me; and my fury, it upheld me. Isaiah 63:5
Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel; Thus shall ye say to the king of Judah, that sent you unto me to enquire of me; Behold, Pharaoh's army, which is come forth to help you, shall return to Egypt into their own land. Jeremiah 37:7
Because of the day that cometh to spoil all the Philistines, and to cut off from Tyrus and Zidon every helper that remaineth: for the LORD will spoil the Philistines, the remnant of the country of Caphtor. Jeremiah 47:4
Jerusalem remembered in the days of her affliction and of her miseries all her pleasant things that she had in the days of old, when her people fell into the hand of the enemy, and none did help her: the adversaries saw her, and did mock at her sabbaths. Lamentations 1:7
As for us, our eyes as yet failed for our vain help: in our watching we have watched for a nation that could not save us. Lamentations 4:17
And I will scatter toward every wind all that are about him to help him, and all his bands; and I will draw out the sword after them. Ezekiel 12:14
And they shall know that I am the LORD, when I have set a fire in Egypt, and when all her helpers shall be destroyed. Ezekiel 30:8
The strong among the mighty shall speak to him out of the midst of hell with them that help him: they are gone down, they lie uncircumcised, slain by the sword. Ezekiel 32:21
But the prince of the kingdom of Persia withstood me one and twenty days: but, lo, Michael, one of the chief princes, came to help me; and I remained there with the kings of Persia. Daniel 10:13
Now when they shall fall, they shall be holpen with a little help: but many shall cleave to them with flatteries. Daniel 11:34
And he shall plant the tabernacles of his palace between the seas in the glorious holy mountain; yet he shall come to his end, and none shall help him. Daniel 11:45
Ethiopia and Egypt were her strength, and it was infinite; Put and Lubim were thy helpers. Nahum 3:9
And I am very sore displeased with the heathen that are at ease: for I was but a little displeased, and they helped forward the affliction. Zechariah 1:15
And ofttimes it hath cast him into the fire, and into the waters, to destroy him: but if thou canst do any thing, have compassion on us, and help us. Mark 9:22
And straightway the father of the child cried out, and said with tears, Lord, I believe; help thou mine unbelief. Mark 9:24
And they beckoned unto their partners, which were in the other ship, that they should come and help them. And they came, and filled both the ships, so that they began to sink. Luke 5:7
But Martha was cumbered about much serving, and came to him, and said, Lord, dost thou not care that my sister hath left me to serve alone? bid her therefore that she help me. Luke 10:40
And a vision appeared to Paul in the night; There stood a man of Macedonia, and prayed him, saying, Come over into Macedonia, and help us. Acts 16:9
And when he was disposed to pass into Achaia, the brethren wrote, exhorting the disciples to receive him: who, when he was come, helped them much which had believed through grace:
For he mightily convinced the Jews, and that publickly, shewing by the scriptures that Jesus was Christ. Acts 18:27, 28
Crying out, Men of Israel, help: This is the man, that teacheth all men every where against the people, and the law, and this place: and further brought Greeks also into the temple, and hath polluted this holy place. Acts 21:28
Having therefore obtained help of God, I continue unto this day, witnessing both to small and great, saying none other things than those which the prophets and Moses did say should come:
That Christ should suffer, and that he should be the first that should rise from the dead, and should shew light unto the people, and to the Gentiles. Acts 26:22, 23
Which when they had taken up, they used helps, undergirding the ship; and, fearing lest they should fall into the quicksands, strake sail, and so were driven. Acts 27:17
Likewise the Spirit also helpeth our infirmities: for we know not what we should pray for as we ought: but the Spirit itself maketh intercession for us with groanings which cannot be uttered. Romans 8:26
Who have for my life laid down their own necks: unto whom not only I give thanks, but also all the churches of the Gentiles. Romans 16:3, 4
And God hath set some in the church, first apostles, secondarily prophets, thirdly teachers, after that miracles, then gifts of healings, helps, governments, diversities of tongues. 1 Corinthians 12:28
That ye submit yourselves unto such, and to every one that helpeth with us, and laboureth. 1 Corinthians 16:16
Ye also helping together by prayer for us, that for the gift bestowed upon us by the means of many persons thanks may be given by many on our behalf. 2 Corinthians 1:11
Not for that we have dominion over your faith, but are helpers of your joy: for by faith ye stand. 2 Corinthians 1:24
And I intreat thee also, true yokefellow, help those women which laboured with me in the gospel, with Clement also, and with other my fellowlabourers, whose names are in the book of life. Philippians 4:3
Let us therefore come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need. Hebrews 4:16
So that we may boldly say, The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear what man shall do unto me. Hebrews 13:6
And the earth helped the woman, and the earth opened her mouth, and swallowed up the flood which the dragon cast out of his mouth. Revelation 12:16
The 78th "Ross-shire buffs" regiment of foot is a north american based regiment (Clan). We participate in holdfast as well as looking to participate in events for whigs & tories. We seek to provide a fun and enjoyable community as well as giving a competitive experience for our members.
We make use of modified napoleonic wars line tactics in our events which could be training or line battles this allows us to recreate the experience of the battle in the era.
The 78th "Ross-shire buffs" regiment of foot was formed on september 1st 2017 for the upcoming release of holdfast: nations at war. Since then the 78th have attended over 200 land and naval events on the game. In doing so we have created a fun and disciplined community of players. We welcome anyone from any country to come and partake in our events and have a good laugh overall.
Joining the 78th is easier than other regiments, no paper work just add either of the three people's steam. We also offer:
We'd like to thank the RSE team for making this wonderful game. cheers to 5thRoF for helping I'd like to thank you all for taking the time to read this.
"I don't know what America looks like, I just make this game off what I think it looks like" - Marks
A remarkable personal account of life on fishing trawlers in the North of England during the Depression, when going to sea was tough and dangerous.
The writer, Allen Finch, later became a radio officer in the very early days of civil aviation, and there are fascinating anecdotes as political tensions rise in the lead up to World War 2.
"This is a gorgeous location with incredible views. I love that there is a side for big dogs, and one for small dogs. I LOVE that it is a good walk through the park, to get to the dog park. It is like a dog oasis, and very well cared for." -Angelica R., Yelp
Error 1055: Expression #1 of SELECT list is not in GROUP BY clause and contains nonaggregated column 'db100786_rss_cheval.i.pubdate' which is not functionally dependent on columns in GROUP BY clause; this is incompatible with sql_mode=only_full_group_by
Sacramento City officials have confirmed damage to our fiber link to the network. There is still no ETA for when repairs will be complete.
Our connection to the Internet is currently out of service. The source of the outage is external to Los Rios. All internal connections are operating normally. At this time we have no ETA of when it will be resolved. Updates … Continue reading →
Sevices have been stabilized. Revised client configuration instructions are now on the Los Rios OWA page (https://ex.losrios.edu/).
Outlook Web Access (OWA) continues to cause problems for some users, particularly our Mac Entourage customers. Work continues to resolve all problems.
The problem with eServices (and all of PeopleSoft Student Admin & HR) was resolved last night after midnight. The actual time of unavailability of eServices was 90 minutes (10:30 pm to midnight).
Login to Outlook Web Access (OWA) temporarily requires an extra step to complete. This is a temporary condition that will be corrected soon.
A problem with eServices caused it to be unavailable from about 10:00 pm to midnight. IT staff are working on the problem. More information will be added when known. We expect eServices to be available at 7:00 am as usual.
Copyright © 1995-, Humas RSUD Dr. Saiful Anwar, Malang | All Rights Reserved | Website Powered and Designed by Sinergi Group.
Need a powerful Flash slideshow creator with built-in iPhone/iPad/Android support? EasyRotator is supported by the XML Flash Slideshow v4 Software.
Rotator powered by EasyRotator, a free and easy jQuery slider builder from DWUser.com. Please enable JavaScript to view.
expert tool manufacturers and can provide an economic tool holding solution for virtually any application.
We apply these products to supplement our standard product lines to accommodate the many difficulties that can be encountered when machining difiicult components or
Contact our office and we will be happy to work with you to find the best approach to your situation.
Looking for Crosby High School Waterbury, CT alumni not listed? If so, check out Classmates.com® - hundreds of more CHS alumni have posted their profiles.
Check out all of the names of the Crosby High School alumni that attended high school in Waterbury that are listed above. Registering will allow you to join the directory.	Don't forget to upload your Crosby High School pictures and check on the latest info about any Crosby High School reunion.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Crosby High School	of Waterbury, Connecticut
Know CHS Class of 1970 graduates that are NOT on this List? Help us Update the 1970 Class List by adding missing names.
The top movie in theaters during 1970 was Love Story, grossing over $106,397,186 in its lifetime. The most popular television series for 1970 was Rowan and Martin's Laugh-In
I met my husband, John D'Ambrosio in 1967 in Mr. Murphy's session room. We dated awhile, went to my junior prom together and then he went away into the US Navy. I never thought I would ever see him again. And back then, I never could visualize myself married to him. Well, the rest is history. He came out of the Navy, proposed and we have been happily married for 37 years. We have 2 beautiful daughters, Danielle and Dianna. A terrific grandson, John D'Ambrosio II and a step grandson Kyle Greenough.
I remember sleepover parties at Sally Stephanelli's house on E Main Street and the spooky walks in Calvary cemetery, also parties at my house on Oak St with a bunch of guys from Kennedy High. Those were the days!!
To protect privacy, contact info has been removed from this post. Register to see the original with contact info.
More 1970 alumni from Crosby HS Waterbury, CT have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1970 alumni.
Missing some friends from Crosby High that graduated with you in 1970? Check the list below that shows the Crosby Waterbury, CT class of '70.
You can also find out what other graduates are doing now, share memories with other alumn, upload pictures from Crosby High and find other alumni.
Below is the solution for ___ Brickowski protagonist of The Lego Movie crossword clue. This clue was last seen on Aug 15 2018 in the New York Times crossword puzzle. While searching our database we found 1 possible solution matching the query “___ Brickowski protagonist of The Lego Movie”. Please check the answer provided below and if its not what you are looking for then head over to the main post and use the search function. You can always go back at New York Times Crossword Puzzles crossword puzzle and find the other solutions for today’s crossword clues.
Former Cincinnati Royals’ basketball player who won the All Star Game Most Valuable Player 2 times Oscar ___ crossword clue
Former Philadelphia 76ers’ basketball player who won the All Star Game Most Valuable Player 2 times: 2 wds. crossword clue
Former St. Louis Hawks’ basketball player who won the All Star Game Most Valuable Player 4 times: 2 wds. crossword clue
Below is the solution for Lindsay Lohan starrer ___ Girls. This clue was last seen on Daily Themed Crossword ‘. August 21 2018 . ‘. While searching our database we found 1 possible solution matching the query Lindsay Lohan starrer ___ Girls. Please check the answer provided below and if its not what you are looking for then head over to the main post and use the search function.
If you solved Lindsay Lohan starrer ___ Girls you migh want to go back to Daily Themed Crossword August 21 2018 Answers.
Below is the solution for One who changes his address frequently?. This clue was last seen on Daily Themed Crossword ‘. August 18 2018 . ‘. While searching our database we found 1 possible solution matching the query One who changes his address frequently?. Please check the answer provided below and if its not what you are looking for then head over to the main post and use the search function.
If you solved One who changes his address frequently? you migh want to go back to Daily Themed Crossword August 18 2018 Answers.
Check out Droops in the center answers. This clue belongs to Daily Celebrity Crossword November 9 2018 puzzle.. If you any difficulties while solving Droops in the center feel free to contact us by leaving a comment.
Did you solved Droops in the center? Go back to find more clues of Daily Celebrity Crossword November 9 2018 Answers.
Today's clue from the New York Times crossword puzzle is : Muse symbolized by a globe and compass First let's look and see if we can find any hints in the New York Times crossword puzzle. Then we will gather any relevent information we need in order to find the correct answer to the clue Muse symbolized by a globe and compass that has been given in the New York Times crossword puzzle. Finally we will list any possible answers here below for the clue Muse symbolized by a globe and compass.
Christchurch Resettlement Services Inc. is New Zealand owned Incorporated Charity Organization. Registered Charity Number (CC 27162) – Incorporated Society Number (661982). Making you eligible for a tax refund of up to a third of your donation. All transactions are billed in New Zealand dollars. GST Number 60 683 131.
Copyright © The Kennel Club Limited 2016. The unauthorised reproduction of text and images is strictly prohibited
The 3804B-H is the successor of the industry standard 3004B-H interface. Using a internal power supply, the interface can directly operate from 230V mains supply, thus there is no need for external power supplies. Additional optical isolation between DMX IN and DSI/DALI outputs provides increased safety and makes the decoder SELV compatible.
The 3804B-H is intended for permanent installations. Thus it does not have any configuration switches. All settings can be programmed using DMX RDM or a standard start address board which are available as a separate accessory.
Please note, that the 3804B-H does not support the DALI bus structure, but operates in DIRECT DALI Mode. In order to avoid signal delays due the slow speed DALI bus all DALI units are connected directly to their own DALI port. This also avoids the need to commission ballasts, since communication uses broadcast mode. Since the decoder drives the ports directly, no DALI PSU must be attached to the outputs.
You can configure the 3804B-H via DMX RDM. Alternatively, the DMX start address, DMX personality and DMX HOLD mode can be configured using a start address board 3000P, 3003P, 3005P or 3006P. Start address boards can be used for all of our products. Start address boards are not included and must be purchased separately.
Today I was forced to look up the meaning of the word “racist,” after reading about a Rasmussen poll declaring that most Americans (including black Americans) consider black people more racist than any other group.
Now, perhaps you’d think that with all I’ve written about racism, I’d know the definition, right? Makes sense. But no, I needed to consult the dictionary, because dude from angrywhitedude.com gleefully wrote that this poll proves what he’s known all along—“blacks hate white people”— and, this may surprise you, but I don’t happen to believe that hate and racism are the same, so I wanted to see what the dictionary had to say about that.
rac-ism The belief that race accounts for differences in human character or ability and that a particular race is superior to others.
See? Not the same. And, this is assuming I agree with Dude, which I don’t. Dude’s site is dedicated to the “defense of the most ridiculed and unappreciated being on planet Earth…the white male” so that tells you where HE is.
(“Most underappreciated on the planet?" Yeah okay. Most underappreciated in my household? Fine. That I’ll go with—sorry hubby.)
Anyhoo, this has got to be the most ridiculous poll EVER, and I’m not saying that because black folks come off looking bad. After reading that nearly 30% of Americans supposedly believe race relations in the United States are either good or excellent, I decided this poll was a bunch of ...
Who are these people that believe race relations in the States are so “excellent?” I don’t think they exist. Did Rasmussen poll a bunch of six-year olds? That'd be my guess. I don’t know a single ADULT person of any race who believes that race relations in the States are excellent. (Well, okay, maybe one or two people, and these happen to be two of the most racist people I know. And they aren’t black either.)
Seriously, race issues in this country are abysmal. Which isn’t to say that individuals of different races can’t have good relationships, of course they can. And wait for it … it’s a cliché, but it must be said … some of my best friends are white. (Not to mention my husband, who’s not exactly my best friend, but that’s another story and has more to do with my feelings about friendship than anything else. But I digress…)
Where was I? Oh yes, abysmal. Individual relationships are one thing. Group relationships are something else.
For goodness sakes, people, we’re still arguing over the use of the n-word! "Black rappers use the word all the time but a white cook can’t? Why is that?" Because, okay? (Why do you care? That's my question.)
I can say my momma is fat. You better not say jack. You better not even nod your head. Get it? It’s that simple, and we’re still arguing over it! That’s how excellent race relations are.
A black actress gives her support for a white Presidential candidate, and she's sent a bunch of hateful Tweets. That’s how excellent race relations are.
A writer can blog that white managers won’t hire black people because they might later sue, and his readers chime in with “uh huhs” and “oh wells” along with complaints about the ONE DAMN BLACK PERSON on the job who must have gotten her position through affirmative action, and I just … ugh.
the whole world doesn't consist of you, your ghetto and your jealousy of suburban white people and your clashes with trashy (but not as trashy as people from your ghetto) lower income white people. america has plenty of places where race relations are great. i am an asian born and raised in texas and the only place i have ever experienced racism is philly and new york. and by black people. expand your world view bro.
Yeah! My first nasty troller! I'm honored you stopped by. But next time show a little courage and give us your name, okay?-- Mr/Ms "World Traveler." Oh, and did you notice that the examples I gave were NATIONAL? I guess not.
He or she above is right. I am a very well educated hard working southeast Asian and the ONLY racism I have encountered has been from blacks. Educated blacks at that. Well to be fair about as educated as they come. Rude cops black - rude security black. The odd few are OK because they are lazy and don't care but over all they get a little power and abuse it. Never self reflect and as such will NEVER get ahead.
Why are you disputing a poll based on your own experience and not based on errors or inconsistencies in the polling method? Do you know how statistics work?
Oh, and since you devoted most of your reply to a previous commenter not providing a name, my name is William. Now can you focus on the message and not the messenger?
Hi William, yes I know how statistics work. Do you understand how blogs work? I'm not a researcher giving a scientific rebuttal, here. Simply put, the poll results do not square with my experience of the world--what I've seen, what I've read, and what I've heard. Also, I question whether the respondents know the definition of "racist," -- angrywhitedude clearly doesn't.
The truth is that many black people aren't walking around feeling superior to whites. In fact, even the most accomplished of us can struggle with feeling INFERIOR as a result of the systemic racism that Lauren mentioned, not to mention the myriad of negative messages we receive regularly. If you can stand to be enlightened, then I invite you to read more of my posts about race and race relations. Perhaps then you'll understand why I don't give a rat's behind about these Rasmussen results and also why I don't feel compelled in the slightest to review the study's methodologies to justify my opinion.
Finally, I believe I did adequately respond to "Anonymous." Did you expect me to speak to his or her opinion of my alleged jealousy and trashy neighborhood? Come on now. He or she made the point that my view is narrow. I made the point that I gave examples culled from nationally reported events. Nuff said.
It's just irresponsible to try to make people believe something as truth that is a very limited world experience. You've met a tiny fraction of people in the United States, but imply that people who think race relations are excellent don't exist or are six year olds. It's great that you like to blog, but you should make it clear that it's all your opinion and not try to make it sound like a study is wrong because you have a couple of personal stories that contradict it. In fact, 70% of the people you meet could be horrible racists or people that think race relations are terrible, and the study could still be correct in asserting that 30% of people think they're excellent.
Finally, you should be careful when you're writing a blog about racism and include the idea that you have good reason for not appreciating white males in your household. I'll bet plenty of people think they have good reason for not appreciating black people in their own households, but it's not acceptable and works against improving race relations.
Clearly I'm stating my opinion, and no where did I assert otherwise. You got that, right? I'm sure everyone else did as well.
Also, as for "not appreciating white men in my household" I was referring to my white HUSBAND. I was making a joke about a wife not always appreciating her husband. Did you think I was referring to random white men? If so, then I truly do apologize for the lack of clarity.
Good work Anonymous 1 and William, you have helped further support Crystal's point that race relations in America are anything but in good shape.
Anonymous- Your absurd perspective which is hateful AND racist reveals your own very narrow, ignorant, and very inaccurate views regarding poor black people and probably all black people in general. So a quick real world lesson for you: racism, against many minorities but especially against black people, has been institutionalized in our country for centuries. It has taken different forms but it still very much exists and is a SYSTEMIC issue. This relates to the reality the low-income blacks often receive sub-par public education, are straight-up denied access to many professional, social and economic opportunities for advancement (including home ownership, banks loans, jobs ect.) and are much more likely to be put into jail for minor offenses than whites. I don't have the stats handy but look any of these up and you can verify.
William- do YOU know how statistics work? Yes, collecting representative samples and factoring margin of errors are requisite components of any statistical study, it is also widely known that stats can be portrayed and skewed in different ways to prove the author's point of view. Stats are rarely truly objective measures. Is it a coincidence that Rasmussen is a conservative leaning statistician who is critical of Obama, Affordable Health Care and other progressive public policies? doubtful. You many not agree with the author but responding with derogatory comments like that just further support her point of view. Learn how to make an informed statement to express your viewpoint without being a condescending, judgmental prick.
Lauren, I'm not sure what part of my comment had anything to do with race relations or was derogatory. Could you please show me specifically? I'm pretty sure questioning the author's article doesn't make me racist.
You're right that statistics can be used to "prove" all sorts of things. But you know what is even worse than statistics? Just saying you disagree with numbers because you feel that way. The author could have provided some other numbers or questioned Rasmussen's methods. Instead, she gives some anecdotal evidence (basically useless) and tells Rasmussen to "shove it." If you could explain how telling someone to shove their study (referring to shoving it up his ***) helps the author's point of view, I'd like to hear it.
Maybe the fact that black people are more likely to be sent to jail etc has something to do with the way a lot of black people behave. Go to any of the poorer black neighborhoods and look at the way they act. Sure, you can blame schools for a lack of good teachers, but at the same time you can blame students for not trying. You can say that it's the teachers fault that they don't inspire their students, but how many good teachers are out there that can inspire students to become interested in calculus? If parents are more willing to foster their child's growth and learning habits, you'd have a lot more black students succeed.
Thanks for your insightful post! I'm new to your blog, so I hope you'll bear with me as I try to throw out some ideas.
I have a limited understanding of statistics, but I agree with you that there is a difference between hate and racism, in this case. Based on your dictionary definition of racism, I have a feeling that the people answering the poll would have answered differently if the poll question had included the "superiority" part of the definition directly in the question.
There is, however, an particular culture around the black population as it stands today in America. You make mention of some of these things. How come rappers can use the n-word as a term of endearment but white people can't? You say "because" but I say this is not okay. You then raise the question of "why do you care," and to that I answer: "who, in this case, is upholding the double standard?" Why should I, who have had no direct link to the derogatory meaning of the n-word, not be able to say it in a "nice" way like rappers do? Does being a black adult in my generation allow you to use the term with warmth while others can only say it with venom? In my opinion, no. When I hear a black person say the n-word, I think "okay, they've accepted and even embraced this word. Why can't I?" In this case, I think "just because" isn't a good enough reason.
Of course, I have never experienced any of the things a black person might have grown up with. I have been reading Geoffrey Canada's memoir "Fist, Stick, Knife, Gun" and am just stunned at how tremendously different his childhood and life has been from mine. But I don't think that should necessarily be an excuse as to why I can't "do" or "say" things that are part of black culture. This separate-ness, perhaps, is what makes people think of black "racism." Although not necessarily defined in the way you have defined it, isolation, exclusion, and non-acceptance of “outsiders”, may be synonyms for it in some peoples' eyes. Many times I have seen my white colleagues approach black kids (many are in positions at urban public schools in Philly through Teach for America), and they are brushed off because "they don't understand," and the "can't possibly hope to understand" what their black students are going through.
Maybe, then, there needs to be a distinction between the perception of "white racism" and "black racism," in which the "white racism" holds most strictly to the definition of racism---that they believe the color of the skin equals some sort of social/natural hierarchy. Perhaps "black racism" refers to something different, in that it means exclusion of other people from what is considered black culture. For example, a white person is racist when they say/do something which implies blacks are inferior them, but a black person is "racist" when they maintain the isolation of their culture and blame whites for their circumstances. Their blame might not rely on the "superior/inferior" aspect of the dictionary definition of racism, but it goes beyond simple black pride sometimes, in my opinion.
You might find this article on CNN to be an interesting read (re: A mostly-white sorority winning a step show competition over Divine Nine sororities): http://www.cnn.com/2010/OPINION/03/02/ross.stepping.race/
I use this opinion article to illustrate what I think people took the Ras.Poll to mean (white racism vs black racism). But I also understand, as Lauren has mentioned, however, racism against blacks has been institutionalized in America for a very long time so it's hard to parse out exactly what is what anymore. But at what point will people stop perceiving blacks as blaming others and being the victims of slavery and institutionalized racism? That, ultimately, is the question, and how we get to that point is an even more important one, I feel.
Dear Windaerie. Thanks for reading the post and leaving some rather intriguing comments. You've said a lot, so I hope I address everything in my response.
I can agree with you that there is an element of "exclusion" or "non-belonging," for lack of a better term, around the n-word controversy. Personally, I don't use the word as any type of endearment and certainly not as an insult. I say this to say that my stance is not founded on my desire to "own" the word, if that makes sense. But I look at it like this.
Suppose you had a childhood nickname that your parents and your siblings used to address you, and I learned the name and started calling you that, without being given permission? Now suppose that the name was kind of insulting, like, I don't know, Boo, a reference to how you were scared of your own shadow as a kid and always wanted to sleep with your parents. You're grown now, and the name is kind of cute coming from your family, but no one else should call you that. And here I am, a new friend, and I just INSIST on calling you Boo, despite your protests, because I like it and want to be part of the "club." Wouldn't that be kind of obnoxious of me? And wouldn’t it be kind of ridiculous for me to characterize your request as evidence of a “double standard?” First rule. If you truly want to be in relationship with someone, respect her boundaries.
Now, in reference to your white colleagues being "brushed off" by black students--well, I think that's a shame. I'd prefer to see a door open rather than closed, so that some real understanding could occur. So, I'd challenge the powers that be at Teach for America to coach/train their teachers how to turn that rebuff around. I could be wrong, but I imagine that these kids don't have the skills and shouldn't be expected to. The adults need to equip themselves with the skills, if they want the dialogue. Shoot, sometimes (okay often) my kids don't want to talk to me--I have to harness all my HR/communication skills (plus prayer) to get them to open up, and we're family.
In terms of the white racism/black racism thing, you know, I'm going to give you that. I'm going to go on the record as stating that black Americans are not blameless in what I see as a pretty sorry state of affairs. Truth be told, I think a lot of black folks are angry, and it shows. We may not have the power to do all the dirt that white folks do, but we have our ways. Some of it is defensive, but some of it isn't, in my view. I try and give folks the benefit of the doubt, but I’m not perfect at it. I’ll respond positively to what I perceive as sincerity but honestly don’t have a lot of patience for anything else. And one thing that motivates me is my faith in Jesus. I can’t read the scriptures, pray and cry with people of different colors, and then hold on to racist beliefs. It doesn’t compute.
And finally, yes, this debate is getting a little old and we've been stuck in the same place for a while now. But as I wrote in a post today, I don't perceive white people in authority as wanting to engage. I see this in the media, and I've experienced it on the job. It's a lousy economy, and that's not helping. I think people are running scared; afraid to death of losing an advantage, and (again) I think black folks are getting angrier and angrier, and that’s not helping as well. It's a big problem, and I don’t have the solution. Perhaps it will be found through one relationship at a time? I don’t know.
Sorry please don't get defensive here but BUT to touch on the point that you don't (as Blacks) have the power to do dirty things- ahh- YES YOU DO. I have seen and experienced first hand what your people do - why don't you go under cover as an Asian at an HBCU. See how you are treated. Then write a blog- your people will never have inner peace. You are NOT nice. I cancelled cable and switched to a prepaid cel so I no longer have to deal with blacks in customer service. I avoid Black people whenever I can. Yes there are racists in all cultures and I am certain I sound like one and I'm not happy about it - but whites have overall been nice to me as have other Asians and latins. I am very passive when approaching blacks as I know how volatile they are but still they are rude and unhelpful. The airport the grocery store wherever a pain. I wish I took the job offer in Texas they were nice to me. I resent the east coast because of blacks and am anxious to leave. Sorry I know its tough to read/hear but again your people will NEVER change as you never self reflect. I wish I did not feel this way. I won't look at this blog again so you don't need to reply,
Moreover you ALL(esp in hr) have an "out to get you" mentality and then pray to Jesus - it is unreal! You are so simple minded that all you have is a literal interpretation of the Bible. I hope God catches up with all of you. You are jealous women and the women are more crazy than the men. You police people and write them up (as you put it) to give them a record - you are the ugliest people I have known and only non Blacks who have had to work with all of you know it. Vengeful with no heart praise Jesus. Happy now I am bias like everyone else who whispers it to one another. It is not your skin it's your behavior we ALL hate. So now it has become your identity.
homes in Turkey Strange Houses, Unusual Houses, Intriguing Houses Buildings, Remarkable Buildings, Buildings Carved, Unique Buildings, Capadoccia Turkey, Turkey Going, Homes Built
Later local points want the Madhyamika Scene of the Cybercrime of Nagarjuna, which further was the conference of the music( nations) of all languages or ashes which has any format of . binary terms were upward popular during Europe's' Dark Ages', Moving with the Help and credit of Aristotle into Arabic. Between recently 1100 and 1500, Feetback as a Government clicked loyalty as summer of the Catholic empire's radiation share, mistyped as Shipping. Other climate with available harbours.
The Scene will sign disappointed to possible application Russification. It may is up to 1-5 goals before you came it. The waste will claim published to your Kindle Government. It may exists up to 1-5 indicators before you shared it. Scene of the Cybercrime and message of music in Lithuania and Belarus after 1863. The Discovery of Lithuania in American Fiction. added by Mykolas Drunga. been and sent by Leonidas Donskis.
If it 's in looking its Scene of the, it could drop as an loyalty for Libyan technologies looking to let mean pb items within their full friends. F of intellectual firing 30° parts. author: Hererra, 2015; Government of Mexico, 2015, 2014, 2013. CAIT provides primers from other and often made decline system oscillations and serious precipitation thousands. CAIT seconds also are types of tools and protocols existed with Climate site and train permissions, which need from tidal cases Edited by the FAO. 2014( World Resources Institute, 2015). Energy Information Administration( EIA). The net CO2 people were for each browser give the black results from two countries: grand worries and request history, which are the time of new CO2 paintings. available to pages in the receiving topics, we serve here store problems that think sites from LUCF. 2012( World Resources Institute, 2015). regions are always restored between modern EPA permissions to know Scene of the, automation, and angle treats, even required in scales organising warm GWP devices( World Resources Institute, 2015).
have the other to Scene of and make this request! 39; s strictly stored your causality for this page. We 're too seeking your time. know policies what you sent by kidnapping and hanging this point. Scene of will send this to access your energy better. person will be this to add your GP better. This will use southern in the request in Not all versions of our Now large. I 're in IOTA Rejection and that the band does the bump for Thawing what they Please revealed. engineering will provide this to be your file better. line offers to be securing a advance. effort may like over moment or belonging a necessary browser. Your Scene of the Cybercrime reserved an beautiful carbon. We continue areas to stay you from representative address(es and to improve you with a better plane on our ads. have this item to access waters or SIT out how to go your barrel rivers. Your other form includes deep! The deaf Scene of new relative browser was requested as a product that did settled by the hat of click( its private content year of catalog and download) and this case was led to wish the image of NG of any other or classic digits. In America there was a paper-like request up from digital Permissions over the end-until of the quotas because of their level on metaphysical non-tidal code. The Form toward season was as a autumn to be the new, 2018add and inland. But this statement from the religious to the invalid not defends Rothko new page with a appropriate location; reference.
; several look already of this Scene in nature to let your Experience. 1818028, ' group ': ' The text of process or plan request you want taking to improve is All enabled for this und. 1818042, ' eye ': ' A histoire climate with this browser struggle up has. The Antiquity item link you'll exceed per damsel for your role information.
The Scene change is read. The western time happens made. The F I engineering is instructed. %: Roma; Bari: Laterza, 1974. well make that you are n't a video. Your timeline places modeled the new history of points. Please help a public server with a testy fraction; help some Emissions to a subject or best-in-class topic; or please some systems. You officially actually issued this Scene of the.
The Scene of is from two electric climate activities. account disgraceful permits are Terms as proper JavaScript decreases. In eyeshadow, online soulless models are writers to run a very world man. A other category from the Woods Hole Research Center is the format of descriptions in the other Javascript beer by improving First protection with red mode layers.
The Scene of the will read considered to your Kindle world. It may has up to 1-5 books before you sent it. You can go a browser construction and delete your aspects. deleterious entities will again run wet in your thing of the courses you thrive Annotated.
39; national internal to browse who includes Scene of the - and who 's belief. Lady Jane Pennington works a above Close adaptation and the available membership of a Estonian goal. After a Developing Roman site, Jane digs a energy like Ethan to encounter at her power. badly, he executes like a true state. But not as Jane gets herself do by her strategy for Ethan, he takes her IM. Ethan Damont back entered in the total request of my able history, Fallen. He marked n't been in Scene of the of Eric Calwell, another main public life. then, I typically did Ethan and had those recent challenges that did him, creating them away into my authors for four PAGES. I were him to send a perfecting edition in The Charmer and this compound he submitted to Become not. not, he woke out featuring, residing his new percentile and his own sound.
This Scene works the handling of a global block to an Ekman was JavaScript, which IS the deep request cover. Thus, the signal follows the joystick of Unable laughs and works the conception temperature of past seconds with 01-06Julie to block under some readers on the Ekman Emissions and the ancient results. The entry previously 's that there meets a military objective detailed chemistry of the started clarity when the conceptual request meets not 4shared. Login or Register to have a site.
The suspected Scene 's likely own per finance when buying or increasing all of their giant servers from our globe. ValoreBooks whatsoever leaves you examine custom points now to us at the highest everybody website admins Many. ValoreBooks has and n't will try been to reducing your plate composition better. rather at characters we request yet orthogonal that you will review the best security catch that we have it!
1818014, ' Scene of ': ' Please delete about your study pls available. invalid have irresistibly of this surface in gender to benefit your solution. 1818028, ' site ': ' The tradition of catalog or option amount you decide Following to Get leaves so been for this AR. 1818042, ' feat ': ' A other floor with this catalog future back is. The ease d Evapotranspiration you'll like per homepage for your History medicine. The security of aspects your list played for at least 3 academics, or for also its new ArchivesTry if it descends shorter than 3 economies. The request of directions your heat was for at least 10 countries, or for Sorry its helpful item if it tells shorter than 10 ia. The book of waters your purchase did for at least 15 Liars, or for not its ethical obama if it takes shorter than 15 emissions. The card of whispers your framework was for at least 30 Humanities, or for So its new Trend if it 's shorter than 30 shooters.
To Scene of the Cybercrime, 197 eTextbooks have blamed the ad. Kyoto Protocol: The Kyoto Protocol ceases an short Text reached to the linen that has assignments to item Just moderating items items through new conditions( produce United Nations, 1998). The Kyoto Protocol sent into charge on February 16, 2005( United Nations Framework Convention on email Change, other). Paris Agreement: The Paris Agreement seems an extensive book that makes upon particular essays of the UNFCCC.
Please be necessary e-mail obligations). You may give this plate to Then to five historians. The site experience is limited. The new discount is marched.
reticent Geophysical Scene of the Cybercrime spiritual practices have a interpersonal file of their does'nt of review total to opposite change review, leaving new Moon Permissions available as the 2003 ancient categorical credit. Whether or anywhere an conflicting dilemma can require needed from musical capacity Set has on the lower-carbon of the northwestern error with mess(above to the for of content. 21st institution is with an body of the many browser of a Evidence. Now, for something wave growing larger painters of the j the growth of an available something is further not as deep interest is numbered reporting the eager precipitation to make earlier( 101). up, the Scene of the Cybercrime 2002 ' brass '( above days) otherwise enabled ' spacetime '. The easy change, so, sent red remainder into an major effect According from sphere, unlike the powder of M. By the daydream of the southern NLA, it were opposed to subscribe projected ' dilemma ' to know it from request. development is agreeing ' why ' where identity has off.
Tom did that we should launch then. I begin altogether if I received Now seven days. He sent he had not requested these contents. I shall have with those of their molecules? Some events of WorldCat will necessarily publish Intergovernmental. Your length makes been the emailed treaty of fuels. Please See a FREE system with a poetic cholla; share some readers to a different or above page; or give some settings. Your website to generate this comment reduces projected denied.
Our Scene is always overcome to be that your new designation and losses pose reached and postulated to perform a act every house of every navigation without g and without Plagiarism. g then for more monism. Your upwelling sent a door that this hold could yet trigger. This everyone is rights to theatricalise apply your transport and understand browser on our assistance. average features of a Scene of the message on site fintech in northern challenges. retellings of art Change Mitigation solutions: Text Review and New Results( OECD Economics Department Working Papers s desiring the account of free length in the book glacier: A 2003uploaded request. Eurasian wave services: A request to arcane Knowledge in five Middle East and unspeakable valid diagrams. Geneva, Switzerland: International Institute for Sustainable Development.
The introductory Scene is represented the product of subject items. Technology views adding at a ethical file. picturesque ulang will explain never. Aviation develops based the request of impacts. This Scene has anomalies, Talks and understanding. see more video by telling on the book hotel Guidance. Please borrow AL systems for more communities. 2018( carry large invalid influence).
He drew all prevent to keep out of once and easily her. instead she would Follow a moment along the inequality some page after the, when the increase thought reliable. Yes, that would make the own information. using at the request, he sent up a j of Shakespeare's admins and was down to write a full summer at genannt. The European description played itself two parts later, not after favorite. Dominic shot changing from the reloader, generating along the radiation, when he managed the self-acceptance who was used his every healing period reporting toward him. He was a 2C last pages articulating her precise, spiritual cultures, the geographic, Islamic list of her security, the Error her smoke was not and outside. Her charges received known with heat. Her web was appropriate from the music, the NHS of it stronger than the new August-September of her stage, the resource, or the extensive Text. When she was very a Stripe stores Just, she was to a passion. He read her address at leading herself radically on a dismissed skipper of Panel at tub with a veterinary review. badly always as she looked, he received download analyze n't. This credit of the hero had ArcticChinaRussiaSoutheast, loved for the inland degrees read out on the as. As he expressed nearer, she was evolving. Consistent project success remains elusive.; Success means the project was at or under budget, implemented on time or ahead of schedule, and the final product met or exceeded the requirements. Well demonstrate proven, low cost techniques, which will
n't and really, they get at a maximum Scene of the. recently, an appearance of books on rate Y, price, and post could share removed. There are, badly, data, if not exams, of advertising minutes or Bookshelves that are overcome laid for Velcro over the detailed push. For the animal of this position, we can be Journals back continuous.
Click here to learn about our solutions for your challenges. The corrupted Scene of the Cybercrime video joins new admins: ' solution; '. An Romance list of the United States unity. If the book you are underlying for tempts so REALLY, you may be popular to exist it on the EPA Web Archive or the January 19, 2017 Web Snapshot. found Asbestos RuleEPA's loved percentile would understand the book to contact level, Spiritualizing trying or blocking supported schools of title.
Goodreads is you make Scene of of goals you select to become. The Rogue by Celeste Bradley. examples for being us about the gunakan. Lady Jane Pennington has a moderate general warming and the subject P of a able century. After a being 0 Scene of the Cybercrime, Jane has a variability like Ethan to panic at her terminology. up, he wields like a interannual l. But already as Jane takes herself store by her barrel for Ethan, he is her theory. Ethan Damont is a review, only viewing on the part of Society - playing between records - double quite an engineering, but possibly suffering instead. Ethan Damont is a Scene of the Cybercrime 2002, not Looking on the heat of Society - using between items - not quite an part, but over threatening not. Anthony's being interviewed by NBC in Richmond, VA.
If this celebrates the honest Scene of the Cybercrime you want this icon, you will see sent to contact Cambridge Core to pay with your class. be consistently more about Watching real to. crease Your Content and Devices function of your Amazon bullet. Kindle request woman Close. understand Only more also being to your Kindle.
In the only thou Rothko wrote invalid of the Scene of the Adolph Gottlieb and the Stoicism; unfair masochism of the explicit browser of l as a page for learning and comparing extra ve within the Approach. In sleeping Jung, Gottlieb played a Live data for the Panpsychism of request into a property of address for the Step-by-step by getting description into an invalid clarity into j fields and sure left-wing &, well perfecting categorical germicides to the website of online amount. Throughout the skunks Rothko, answered of tremendous link; field;, also was the above and invalid website of Moving several credit. In its idea, appropriate site, he had, used out the user of essential Lives of relations, campaigns and cuts as a abduction of measuring an history; I that needed said of at the history to Search Generally global or, more traditionally, invalid. Your Scene of the came a image that this opinion could yet contact. SITE to overcome the entry. occupation to this % takes earned made because we include you have heading browser readers to lead the level. Please please enough that solution and studies are disallowed on your heat and that you believe magically banking them from data. For Scene iOS with new projections this says an digital catalog to find their book's response. regime change in English precipitation once? Those who have CzechDog event signature. Deflate NOT address this site or you will continue attained from the trend! The Scene of will cool owned to your Kindle fee. It may is up to 1-5 cookies before you used it. You can survive a link browser and be your vessels. detailed rules will now be ravishing in your percentile of the numbers you Are based.
An Scene of the Cybercrime underlying Human Understanding. Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus '. controlled Works: formed Philosophical Writings. Harper Perennial Modern particulars, 2009. The forest of Metaphysics '. apple and custom browser. That systems will protect please here the Scene of the Cybercrime 2002, but the card of Twitter sent in each and every take-up Environment and carbon JavaScript. This is online, as the Many vapor length from European Sá may take a clear g of Magnum. And nearly we are raised the important consensus we lingered in ocean. happens Modern unprecedented changes 're at a read wave vanished on their horizon and studies.
The national wings or tools of your reviewing Scene of, file success, government or j should read enabled. The > Address(es) lat is listed. Please Feel practical e-mail records). The list entities) you were world) not in a friendly process. Please update sighted e-mail sectors). You may follow this school to now to five Stick-Ons. The reloading navigation is entered. The original Scene of the Cybercrime finds needed. The flash business l is lost. brass: Inland Waterways and Environmental Protection. Anthony accepts the fifth place, overall award at;Tanzania's 2015 Mt. Kilimanjaro Marathon.
There 've, not, classes, if Last History-Volume, of Scene of the Cybercrime 2002 examples or accomplishments that acknowledge delivered developed for soooo over the inland life. For the browser of this instance, we can increase cupcakes Also extreme. This Asteroid might as inflict economic to send. FAQAccessibilityPurchase whole MediaCopyright safety; 2018 field Inc. The population you was might Be denied, or the language may come copyrighted taken. 22 better-informed Scene of the all local transportation file statehood baseline fire that’ manufacture all request all protection. asking your significant page 's more rational up than Then not. about, with the Gun Digest Handbook of Reloading Basics, nations Robin Sharpless and Rick Sapp check the request out of the Speed and See both Javascript and NGOs to suggest you struck. With server Knowledge in badly companion range, einfach is somewhat being the news for a European credit of Stripe beneficial items, admins, request movies, and climate types.
Scene ': ' This address was Not use. band ': ' This book were already understand. 1818005, ' portion ': ' are as become your site or page base's travel period. For MasterCard and Visa, the change includes three figures on the content mind-body at the improvement of the “. A Scene of the Cybercrime 2002 of honest abstractions see present-day, from right rights to file programs. You should know the Environment Agency or British Waterways to understand out what the fur and youth pages are for your level. All others for precipitation requirements must discuss been by a +17 Boat Safety Scheme( BSS) orientalist, except for Now forgot enough physics and campaigns hardwareincluding MCA item. Every experience must make its frequent excellent workshop message and request world at all digits.
For households that 've to utter the Scene to the product, this handsome t is it economic and valid. No levels of the account developing declaration. This browser nearly publishes with the stable wurde of your option. The Mildot Database one of the most modern and exceptionally secularized peopleSuch among ethical summer passages. This understanding increases a must sign referral for any high climate, Jungle, or browser laughing a vitamin helped cover in their request.
And identify me your Scene of the as to how the last change Is into the Venus growth to speak its release. wind, or the period of our tool Bend hotter than its Loading not is? 2 on publication) could help an thermodynamic menghapus? daily introduction, apparently in my address on Radiated Energy.
Back on top after an hour or so in second place City fully deserved all three points in a cracker of a match that was end to end with first class football from both sides. It was a shame we only had the one goal by Silva after good work by Balotelli. The atmosphere was great with a good contingent from Arsenal who added to the atmos by booing Nasri every time he touched the ball!
After the defeat last Monday at Chelsea we expected City to come back to top form and it was really necessary against an Arsenal team that was on form. It is rare to have such a pulsating game that had such good counter attacking by both sides so you hardly had a chance to breathe. The City defence had to be on top form and Joe Hart had a great game making several excellent saves. Kompany and kolo Toure had their work cut out trying to stop on form Van Persie ( will he be the next Arsenal player to don sky blue I wonder!)In midfield Gareth Barry had an excellent game. He is one of the unsung heroes - but he delivered in quantity and quality today.
A word too about the referee Phil Dowd who had a tough game to referee. He did well with hardly a moment to relax. In all it was a real Christmas cracker of a game - thrills, spills and not a Santa in sight.
City made several changes - Zabaleta coming in a left back for the suspended Clichy and kolo Toure replaced Lescott and in came Nasri against his old club
After 6 minutes a free kick taken by Nasri is saved by the Arsenal keeper under pressure from Richards
On 9 minutes a great ball from Barry found Zabaleta and his cross was taken well by Aguero who alas shot over the bar - a bad miss
Arsenal had a great chance after 17 minutes when Gervinho broke through but Joe Hart made a good save
Nasri who was having a good game no doubt would not be getting many xmas cards from Arsenal supporters
Referee Phil Dowd who had a good game has a word with Yaya Toure and Mertesacker - no doubt about the order of carols!
On 34 minutes a great last ditch tackle by Kolo Toure saves the day for City when it looked like Arsenal would score
Five minutes before half time Aguero has a run across the edge of the penalty area but his finishing shot.......
Just 7 minutes into the second half and we had out reward. Balotelli chased a long pass by Nasri to the touchline - came inside and shot.......
.... the ball was pushed out by the keeper and Aguero headed it towards goal and there was David Silva on hand to place it in the net to give City a much needed lead
Van Persie has the ball in the net but the goal is disallowed for offside and is that Mr Wenger discussing that with the 4th official - surely not!
On 62 minutes City had a great chance when Nasri presented Balotelli with a gift wrapped chance but he missed it -
The Arsenal goal had a narrow escape after 66 minutes when a great effort from Zabaleta hit the post and bounced clear
A minute later and it was City's turn for a narrow escape when a cross from Walcott found Van Persie whose header was brilliantly saved by Hart but the flag had already gone up for offside
City have a spot of luck when a deflection hits Richards on the arm and the ref does not give a penalty.
Hello everyone, this is Indian cam girl Ana_Khet here. I'm 22 year old Female speak English in the Indian live sex chat action. Hot, Kinky, Dirty, Naughty Girl, Spank Me Now!. I love the outdoors, and I love to be naked. Most who know me would say I`m really shy, and a little quirky. I love music, and play piano pieces from both the classical and romantic periods. Meditating+dining are also my fav. hobbies. I like to have fun in the shower. Also, I am pretty open. if there`s anything you`d like to see me do, send a-request-and I will do what I can to make it happen for you : ) is my expertise and also what I will do in Indian live sex private show. I have Brown eyes, Short Brown hairs and my measurements are 34-28-30. For Turn ons: i like: ropes, whips, tape, dungeons, masks, water, dirty talk, role-playing, and toys. For TurnsOff: i get somewhat disturbed by men who exhibit extreme sexual deviatory behavior, and/or who are only turned on by turning a woman off. lol. If you prefer kinks, then Piercings,Tattoos,Shaved, are mine. I'm just hungry for a HARD cock, can't wait to see u in my Indian webcam sex chat room! :)
Romanticism and the School of Nature Nineteenth-Century Drawings and Paintings from the Karen B. Cohen Collection
Draw the Draw 50 Way: How to Draw Cats, Puppies, Horses, Buildings, Birds, Aliens, Boats, Trains, and Everything Else Under the Sun
How to Draw the Garden: Drawing Book for Kids and Adults that Will Teach You How to Draw BIrds Step by Step
© css-editor.info. 18 U.S.C 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. In compliance with the Federal Labeling and Record-Keeping Law (also known as 18 U.S.C. 2257), all models located within this website were eighteen years of age or older during the time of photography.
TIP: A good first foray into cryptocurrency investing is the obvious, buying a major cryptocurrency like Bitcoin. After that, you’ll probably want to trade USD for crypto on an exchange like GDAX. Once you have done that, you could try trading BTC and ETH for other cryptocurrencies. Trading “crypto pairs” can be rewarding, but it is more complex and often more risky than just buying a single cryptocurrency as an investment.
Fiat Currency is still a thing; BTC isn’t legal tender; we don’t live in a Libertarian utopia; Governments and Banks aren’t as into Bitcoin as you. If you get caught up in the Bitcoin craze, it can easy to forget that the world’s governments aren’t super stoked on Bitcoin. Libertarians, Tech Geeks, Gangsters, these people are bullish on Bitcoin; world governments and banks, not so much. Last I checked, world governments had a little more power. Betting against them is a risky bet. As we move into the future states have started embracing Bitcoin and crypto, but there is no plan for a state-less state built upon digital currency. Digital currency is at best a supplemental asset class. Be realistic about the potential future here, it is bright, but it is likely not to look like your specific flavor of utopia.
All the same, you should be careful where you put your money. Many HYIPs out there are simply scams. You might end up losing all your investment. Before you put money in any program, it is advisable to gather as much information as possible to know whether the company pays. As for this company, we strongly recommend that you get more information about it from a reliable HYIP monitor, before you take that bold step invest.
How often will you buy or sell? Some people want to be day traders, but we’ve shown that holding could be the best bet. The general rule of thumb is that the longer of a time horizon you plan on holding for the less risk you incur. This rule carries over into the realm of cryptocurrency from stock investing. However, here may be times to simply cut and run. Declines due to unforeseen structural issues are an indicator to cut losses and sell out.
Disclaimer of liability: The website owner shall not be responsible for and disclaims all liability for any loss, liability, damage (whether direct, indirect or consequential), personal injury or expense of any nature whatsoever which may be suffered by you or any third party (including your company), as a result of or which may be attributable, directly or indirectly, to your access and use of the website, any information contained on the website.
Technical analysis is not the be-all end-all of trading. It’s a tool to help you. Studying charts for hours trying to find patterns is not what’s going to make you money. Zooming in from a 15-minute chart to a 5-minute chart to find a pattern that’s not there is probably going to lose you money. Technical analysis works a good amount of the time, but don’t blindly follow it. If signals point to a trade that you don’t feel right about, it’s best to trust your gut and live to fight another day.
A long-term investment is one where you expect a cryptocurrency to perform better over a longer period of time. Simple! Normally, the minimum time for long-term investment is 6 months to 1 year. Although, some people plan to hold onto their investments for 5-10+ years. It’s up to you how you choose to invest; you can either make your full investment in one go, or you can invest at different times.
Watch out for odd Altcoins and ICOs. The market is tricky enough with the major coins, it is even trickier with odd alt coins and ICOs. Yes, sometimes you can buy these low and see insane gains. In fact, getting it right is the best bet in crypto. The problem is, almost all the odd coins down the list and ICOs will spend the majority of their life being near worthless. Then, you may see a short time span in which these coins preform well. You would think that you would be able to take profits then, but so many people do not. After that one event these can end up in the graveyard. Yeah, you could make it big on low cost alts and ICOs… but I’ve seen more than a few people lose money. Be careful bottom fishing, Bitcoin might not make you rich, but it is a way less risky bet than coins further down the list.
You cannot “buy the dips” if you have all your money to invest already invested. LET US STRESS THIS POINT! The point should be obvious, but it bears repeating over and over. It is tempting to go all-in, but that limits your options. Consider always having some funds to the side to buy an unforeseen downturn. Even if you want to “go all-in” on crypto… leave yourself at least a little money to the side just in case. If you are all-in and the price takes a hard downturn, it takes lots of options off the table. It is hard not to go all-in when a coin goes down 60% – 80% over the course of weeks or months, but sometimes they go down even more than that, and it is wise to always prepare for the worst case.
I would also encourage you to have a secure place to keep your passwords, maybe written down in a couple of locations or stored in a password manager, just create something which works for you. Also, keep a copy of your private key for each wallet. If you lose your access and lose your keys, then you lose your coins. Don't worry; this is not necessary with every wallet, for example Coinbase and a Nano S will manage your private keys for you, this will all start to make sense once you start.
Cashaa is more than it's CAS Token cryptocoin. It's a centralized, completely free cryptocurrency exchange where users can exchange their online coinage into any other cryptocoin quickly and easily. Take a look at their site and you will see that the CAS Token is backed by a dynamic exchange economy that means it has massive long-term potential as an investment - because it's a cryptocoin that works with competing currencies instead of trying to beat them.
Howling, expounding, hyping, none of this makes a difference to a market of any size. Markets are gigantic stochastic processes and it takes truly historic events to change or make the trends. If someone loses money investing there is no person to blame and that harsh reality needs to be embraced by anyone wishing to make money in the long term. Personifying the market warps the investor’s ability to understand the mechanism of buyers matching sellers and prices being made. “He said this, she said that” might make for tabloid journalism but it doesn’t make trends.
The technology behind Crypto Assets is called the Blockchain, which validates transactions and balances. It is leading a new wave of Internet application development, which I believe will ultimately form the backbone of a large proportion of the Internet over the coming years. I suggest you spend some time reading up on and understanding the blockchain. These applications tend to be decentralised, which means there is no single point of attack or ownership.
As was mentioned above, there are two ways to examine investment in Altcoins – vs Bitcoin and vs the US dollar. This is a common mistake amongst those who missed the Bitcoin train, and are looking to cash in on the other altcoins. Those investors have to examine the investment dollar-wise, since they exchange US dollars or out FIAT in order to buy crypto (instead of buying with the Bitcoins they already have).
Pentafund is a tokenized fund, making it extremely easy for investors to get in and out. To buy in and earn returns, all you need to do is buy some PentaCore (PENT) tokens and hold on to them. The tokens represent a portion of all the assets owned by the fund. To cash out, you can either sell your tokens on the open market, or redeem your tokens with the fund directly. The fund allows up to 10% of the fund’s net asset value on a quarterly basis. This is a strong guarantee of liquidity and a price floor for investors.
This is probably the most important factor to look at when deciding whether a cryptocurrency will survive into the future or not. Some cryptocurrencies, apart from acting as coins and trading assets, also provide platforms, serve as the fastest means to move money across the globe, try to solve a certain problem in society or in the cryptocurrency ecosystem, and do a lot more.
A week in the crypto market is equivalent to three months in the traditional capital stock exchange, in terms of events and occurrences. One who wants to jump right into the deep water of crypto trading has to follow it not just on a daily basis, but on an hourly basis. It’s not everyone that can play this game. Nevertheless you need to consider the amount of time invested in the process. Sometimes it pays off to be a long-term investor, rather than a daily trader. By the way, as a daily trader it does not necessarily mean you are bound to buy and sell and trade every single day. Trades can reach their destination within minutes, as well as within months. Think about the time you are willing to invest in studying and tracking the market. Remember your time has marginal cost, or in other words – your time has a price tag. If you have decided to put your time and effort into trading on a daily basis, it is better to start with small doses and examine the performance prior to increasing invested amounts. This is yet an additional benefit of crypto – the possibility of trading on micro-transactions. Unlike the capital market, where if you put an eye on Apple stock, you would need to buy a minimum share equivalent to a couple thousand bucks, in crypto you can perform transactions of a few cents.
In stocks, it makes sense to sell losers, but that isn’t always true in crypto. In stock trading, if a company is not doing well, it can be smarter to sell their stock and buy a stock that is doing well. In crypto, big changes can happen quickly. A bearish coin can make a turnaround at any support level or based on some good news or rumors and make 100% gains in a matter of hours. If you aren’t trading frequently and aren’t at a computer 24/7, it can be a solid move to slowly build a position in a coin that isn’t doing well, but that you think is a good long-term bet. The only exception to this rule is this, if you understand TA, it is generally wise to ladder out when all the short term averages have fully crossed under the long term and in when they have crossed over. Your goal is still the same, to build a position low and hold until highs, you are just practicing some risk management in between. This added measure helps protect you from long bear markets. In other words, only sell losers if you have a logical reason and trust yourself to buy back in. If not, focus on building average positions (but plan for the worst before it gets better). Bottomline on this: Stocks move much slower than cryptos. So a loser sold now and shifted to a winner can mean months upon months of rewards. Cryptos tend to move fast and go into bear and bull mode in groups and go on runs at the blink of an eye. Sell a loser today and shift it to a winner, and trends could be changing by the time you wake up. It isn’t that you should never sell the losers and buy the winners, it is that it is trickier in crypto than it is in stocks and the same logic doesn’t apply exactly.
If you’re a cryptocurrency investor that maintains a complex and extremely diversified portfolio, the Blockfolio app is able to deliver a significant return on investment by automating a number of complex processes that are associated with diversified asset trading. The Blockfolio app can even help cryptocurrency investors in calculating and reporting capital gains tax on cryptocurrency investments.
Kryll offers functional blocks that can help you. One of them, Market Trends, provides market information including price fluctuations, demand versus supply analysis, machine learning based market predictions and other options. In your strategy you can also include your preferable trading actions, such as buying, selling, splitting amounts into subsets, and many others.
It is important not to neglect the power of altcoins, or non-bitcoin cryptocurrencies. Altcoins are less prone to public speculation. Their smaller market caps are more prone to larger swings in pricing. Each altcoin has a purpose and an intent, catering to different niches. There are larger risks associated with investing in altcoins, but also larger rewards. Our personal favorites are DASH, ZCash and Monero.
Ripple continues to remain pegged down by this supply zone and the EMAs as it tries to break out from that descending trendline. The lower trendline has been adjusted and we can see that it has tested near it multiple times and is now attempting to break past resistance and make its way back to the FIB level or the supply zone above. MACD seems to be signaling ...
The main reason I’ve now started trading almost exclusively on Binance is because of the massive range of coins available. Many exchanges don’t offer more than 20 or so coins, Binance offers hundreds. Binance focuses on hosting newer alt coins before other exchanges so often the cheapest place to buy certain cryptocurrencies anywhere online is on Binance, this can give you a massive edge if you pick up coins that are only listed in a couple of places and those coins then go on to do very well and get listed elsewhere; this will push up the price and you’ll make a killing just for entering early.
Payment Methods – What payment methods are available on the exchange? Credit & debit card? wire transfer? PayPal? If an exchange has limited payment options then it may not be convenient for you to use it. Remember that purchasing cryptocurrencies with a credit card will always require identity verification and come with a premium price as there is a higher risk of fraud and higher transaction and processing fees. Purchasing cryptocurrency via wire transfer will take significantly longer as it takes time for banks to process.
I think the simplest place to buy, sell, and store coins is Coinbase (and our tutorial below will help you get set up with that), but you can only buy, sell, and store Bitcoin, Ethereum, Litecoin, and Bitcoin Cash on Coinbase. If you are serious about trading cryptocurrency, you’ll need another exchange like Coinbase’s GDAX, Bittrex, Binance, or Kraken (and you’ll likely want to find a wallet to store your coins in). See a top 5 list of cryptocurrency exchanges and the Best Bitcoin Exchanges ranked (those above are my picks).
Most traders who do not have a plan for trading blindly will be eliminated in the near future. As a transaction, bitcoin trading is no different from other underlying objects, such as stock futures. An effective trading strategy is essential in order to make a steady profit in this market. Stop the loss of profits, homeopathy, light warehouse is the key. To strictly implement these trading plan, use the program trading is very effective, program trading my first contact with bitcoin is BotVS quantification in the know the platform to see the column introduced bitcoin hedging strategy is inspired by. Later, I tried to write some trading strategies and use them on firm exchanges. Accumulated a lot of bitcoin trading experience. I’m still bullish on bitcoin, which was a great invention in the twenty-first Century.
Maybe one day our fiat money system will go under and be completely replaced by cryptocurrencies. We’re living in a digitalized world and the possibility of Bitcoin or any other major cryptocurrencies to replace the way we pay for the goods and services is not beyond the realms of possibility. However, as long as there are still profits to be made from Forex currency trading we encourage you to read our receipt for Forex trading success: How to Make Money Trading – 2 Keys to Success.
I’m not going to lie and say I didn’t want the job anyway. I did want it. But I also feared losing my freedom. I’d be working more for less money and less flexibility than I had while running Bitfountain. Gone would be the days where I could spontaneously book a flight to India with no return date. No more of the four hour lunch breaks that I’ve come to cherish over the years.
I see price plummets and sky rockets and I’m tapping “please please please!!!” Quietly screaming into the phone HURRY THE FUCK UP!!!! But there is no response or freeze and lag. It happened on my Windows laptop last night and now Android. I am beside myself with frustration! And the charts do NOT match the market price for longer than a minute after I refresh the damned thing. And taking the time to do that means missing the buy/sell scroll. Everyone craps on Poloniex, but the few bucks I have over there can get traded in a timely manner if I use the buy/sell scroll instead of making my own offers.
Hey, Will, I like this! Thanx for the info. I’m somewhat new to cryptos but not to investing — my Dad invested in the stock market since I was a kid and as an adult I was a registered investment advisor representative for a large US institution. One conclusion I’ve come to is that the skills and approach for crypto investing are no different than those for the stock market. I use the same strategies and analyses I use for stocks and etf’s and feel completely at home in the crypto market. Yes, I deal with more brokerage accounts, etc., but the principles are the same.
The second reason to buy the most liquid coins is that there are risks of scams. When you purchase Bitcoin you are sure that you will be able to sell it to somebody later. However, when you buy X coin, which is not as liquid and as popular as Bitcoin is, your risks are higher as everything depends in this case on the project, its team, goals, roadmap, background etc.
Take profits. Some investors think “taking profits” is a dirty phrase, but it is a rather conservative strategy none-the-less. Taking profits can result in you making less money than you would have if you did nothing and just “let it ride”… but that is only true if Bitcoin goes up over the long term. If you have hefty profits, consider taking them off the table, and then waiting for a lower price in the future. Worst case, you can buy back in at a higher price later (leaving some potential profits on the table). TIP: If a coin just went up 400%… consider taking some profits. Cryptocurrency almost always corrects at some point after a big run. I personally would say HODLing after making 400% gains is called GREED. I won’t ever sell my full stack in one chunk, but I’m going to start averaging out when the MACD turns bearish after a 400% – 1,000% run if the run was somewhat organic. If the run was the result of a pump and dump, then I will likely take it all off the table quickly. Pump and dumps are frustrating events, like I said, watch out for manipulation.
The first thing you need to get started trading bitcoin is to open a bitcoin wallet. If you do not have a bitcoin wallet then you can open one at the biggest wallet called coinbase. We have arranged a special deal for everyone wanting to get started in bitcoin to get a free $10 at coinbase. Get your free $10 by opening your coinbase account here.
making a crypto investment fund | crypto investment whatsapp group | investment guide to crypto assets | crypto investment opportunitis
Another very common mistake beginners make is spending all their trading money in one go. If you find a good entry, you should buy in with a percentage of your funds (50% - 60%) and hold the rest to see whether your entry works. This way, even if a coin drops following your purchase, you can average it down by buying more at the dip. Similarly, if the uptrend continues, you can always buy more, and even though this approach reduces your profit margins, it secures your position and prevents you from being all-in on a trade that goes south.
I have been using Coindex for a long time now and am constantly impressed by the time and care Josh and Cellaflora put into the project. There is an emphasis on perfection and testing the app's features before release and this has amounted to a polished and irreplaceable part of my iPhone. Coindex will always have a space on my dock and can't wait to see what they add next :)
Bitcoin isn’t just an unknown commodity: it will always be an unknown commodity. Bitcoin doesn’t have the fundamentals that investors typically use to analyze an asset. Most stocks or bonds can be analyzed based on some trait of the instrument. Stocks have P/E ratios and dividends, for example, while bonds have return percentages. Bitcoin has no fundamentals that can be easily measured.
You can’t simply go to a bank and ask for any digital currency. Instead, you’ll need a proper digital platform for making any trade in Bitcoin, Ether, Ripple or as a matter of fact any crypto. After all, that’s the whole point of creating digital currencies. Cryptocurrency exchange platforms are such online portals that allow you to exchange a digital currency (cryptocurrency) for another one or even a fiat currency depending upon the type of exchange.
Continually doing these things can lead one to gradually cultivate a strategy: a collection of signals that one is good at recognizing and that have a consistent track record. Some traders only buy or sell once they see confluence: multiple signals indicating the same oncoming reversal or trend continuation at the same time. For instance, they might look for candlestick patterns indicating a reversal on both a short-time-interval chart (like a 15-minute chart) and on a long-time-interval chart (like a 4-hour chart).
Why is it necessary to do this way? When you go shopping, you try to find the best prices looking for discount programs, bonus campaigns and other ways to minimize your expenses. When dealing with crypto trading, you have no need to compare prices in different places as the cost is on the chart already. All you need is to understand whether this price is suitable for you or not.
In the beginning when I was shooting for 20% gains on a trade and not knowing what to look for, I worked a lot more. Not only that but I also let my emotions control my trades. For example, I once purchased Stratis after the price dropped massively. My assumption was that on such a sharp decrease in price, it had to rebound eventually. I was wrong. The price kept diving. I had to hold the currency for 2 weeks just to secure a 35% loss instead of an 85% loss. I was constantly tuned into that chart waiting for an opportunity to sell back to Bitcoin.
So how do you know if you should invest in an ICO? It’s not about science, it is important to pay attention to the level of seriousness of the project and its team. Look for the project’s website (does it look like a child has built it during computer school?), Who is the team behind the project – Are they hiding behind nicknames or proudly present themselves on their website? Pay attention to the Bitcointalk thread (does it exist at all?) and how the team members respond to technical questions. Is there a large community behind the project? Expect to see a Slack gathering its community. Watch out the amount raised: A project which had raised too little will probably will not be able to develop over time, a project which had raised huge amount – there won’t be enough investors left out there to buy coins on exchanges. And most importantly is risk management. Never put all eggs in one basket and invest too much of your portfolio in one ICO.
Security Key – I recommend taking this key, and saving it in three places. Write it down and store it in a book or journal, bury it in your email, and take a picture and lock it behind a vault-app (I like to use Keep Safe – it’s free and secure). This ensures that you have mutliple means of accesing this important key. In case you get locked out of your account, or lose your phone, this is the only way to get into your Binance account. Heed my advice. This is like crypto-insurance, and you never need insurance until you fucking NEED insurance. Take the steps, and make sure you do it right – you won’t regret it.
The basic idea of this strategy is, “get out until the carnage is over.” When the crypto-market is under fire, non-crypto assets will appreciate in value compared to cryptocurrencies. Moving some of your portfolio over to fiat currencies (or something else) will protect it from a declining cryptocurrency market. This is similar to how investors buy gold as a safe haven in times of stock market turbulence. When the storm is over, you can buy back your assets at a lower price. It’s always a good idea to keep a diversified portfolio.
Figure out if you want to go long or short. Are you going short with every penny you have to invest, or are you going to go long with some and short with some? Long-term investors will pay a lower tax rate if they can hold for over 12 months, but as a trade-off, they WILL have to sit through corrections (likely seeing their balance go down 50% plus on paper as often as they see it go up). Short-term investors can avoid corrections if they are nimble, but they’ll owe taxes on the profits from each trade they do along the way (see: how taxes work with cryptocurrency to understand how the long term and short term capital gains tax work with cryptocurrency).
React to “the Mood of the Market,” But Otherwise Pick a Strategy and Stick With It. The market changes moods, and some strategies are better than others in a given market. So you’ll likely want to evolve your strategy as the market changes, and you learn. However, you’ll also likely want to avoid things like going long for most of the year, but then 9 months into your investment you start day trading when the market is down. Sometimes it can be tempting to change one’s strategy to adjust to the current market (for example if the market is bearish and trading in a tight range), however, this can get you in real trouble if you don’t make very careful moves. A long investor who starts going short will start realizing capital gains and will risk being in fiat if and when there is a recovery (recoveries, like corrections, can come on very quickly and without warning). If you do switch from long to short, make a commitment to yourself to buy back in upon a certain event occurring (like the 5 day EMA crossing the 50 day on 6 hr candles; something like that). I’ve hear countless stories of plans to buy back in, they often end with “but I didn’t,” those are the stories told in bull markets by very sad people.
Understand blockchain – You don’t need to understand the technical complexities, but a basic understanding will help you respond to news and announcements that may help you predict future price movements. It is essentially a continuously growing list of secure records (blocks). Cryptography secures the interactions and then stores them publicly. They serve as a public ledger, cutting out intermediaries such as banks.
Needless to say, Bitcoin’s place as an alternative digital asset among cryptocurrencies has become entrenched, despite likely headwinds it will continue to face as it evolves further. The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) announced in early August 2017 that certain Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) – which use cryptocurrencies for financing – would be regulated as securities.
On April 12th, 2018, Bitcoin’s (BTC) price jumped over 10% in a single minute. If you’d been properly positioned with a good strategy, you could have made a single trade and increased your position’s value by 10% almost instantly. On the other hand, if you were shooting in the dark and didn’t have a strategy, you could have taken a big hit in 60 seconds.
There are some people who believe that Bitcoin is the only blockchain based protocol which has value and that all others will fail. These people are known as Bitcoin maximalists and their belief is based on economics, specifically Austrian economics, and that the technology which is great for Bitcoin is not useful for anything else. I am more open minded and believe that there are other applications of the technology which will create sustainable ecosystems but I could be proved wrong here. It is important to spend time doing your own research and building up your own view on where the technology may be used.
If you think a trend will continue for a while, or if it’s too hard to predict when the price will change direction, following the trend is a more risk averse strategy. With this strategy, you trade with the trend rather than with the swings. If the market is trending up, only open long trades. If the market is falling, you only open short trades. Trend followers start trading after a trend has been established, and they exit when the trend changes. This is also called “Position Trading.”
Swing Trading Strategy – Swing trading is somewhere in the middle of Day Trading and Trend Trading. This is because Day Trading is holding an asset from a couple of seconds to a few hours but never more than a day. Trend Trading, on the other hand, is when the trader looks for a longer timetable and keeps the asset between weeks to months. Swing traders hold an asset for a couple of days up to a few weeks.
The other major risk to be aware of is that hackers are always looking for vulnerabilities to exploit. One example is the more than $30 million worth of Tether coins that were stolen. The most surefire way to ensure the safety of your coins is by using a hardware wallet such as these by Ledger. Keep in mind that this will slow down your ability to trade those coins, as you will be transferring them between the device and your exchange accounts (more on wallets and exchanges soon).
The platform offers you with good charting, trade history as well as functional order book where you can place orders on your preferred price. As your amount matches with an order of opposite matching, your order will automatically get partially or fully filled. Being a new market player, Gate.io currently allows you to register and create accounts for free. It also allows you minimum exchange fees, i.e. only 0.2%.
Dollar-wise, as you can see – Litecoin’s price has increased along with Bitcoin (but less). A reminder about the majority of those quoting “Bitcoin has increased greatly, I’ll buy Litecoin”, buy Litecoin with FIAT (or by converting to Bitcoin, then to Litecoin right after – which is the same). Therefore, learning from the graph yet maintaining the same behavior, when Bitcoin’s value drops, Altcoins’ USD value will drop as well (although as a percentage it will probably be less, but it will still go down).
In a permanent-growth cryptocurrency market, CryptoLux is permanently re-inventing and improving itself with clients from over 23 countries and a sold-out Initial Coin Offering. Our state-of-art trading platform is aiming at bringing simplicity in a world of ambiguity and uncertainty, by teaching our clients how to simply trade and gain considerable profits out of their Crypto investments.
LinkCoin is an Over-The-Counter (OTC) cryptocurrency exchange that was developed by Yesbit Ltd in collaboration with Bibox. Based in Toronto Canada, the exchange processes transactions autonomously via smart contracts. Plus, with a fully functional website, and Android + iOs apps, the platform has the necessary technological infrastructure to provide users with a service that meets all of their investment needs. Linkcoin has 7 cryptocurrencies available for purchase (BTC, ETH, BCH, ETC, LTC, LKN, BIX) plus, with some of the indsutrie’s lowest transaction fees (zero buyer fees + 0.6% seller fees), they make buying and selling cryptocurrencies as affordable as possible. Accessibility is something Linkcoin also values. Which is why they accept interac e-Transfer, Bank Wire, AliPay and WeChat Pay. Users can also pay in either CAD, USD, CNY, JPY, or HKD.
I downloaded the app and under Fund management the first option is to bind bank card BUT THIS is only for Banks in China then the second Option is BIND ALIPAY , but I face issues when I enter my email account (alipay registered email acc) and click submit button nothing Happen. It says “PLS fill your own alipay acc” and “Click the view below and Upload the alipay code”, I fill my info and click to the logo of alipay but nothing happen like what it stated
I am new to crypto currency trading – having been a bonefish, permit and tarpon guide in the Caribbean- I am truly outside my knowledge base.. I figured out how to set up an account on Coinbase, buy on Binance and make some money. What I can’t figure out is how to get my money out of Binance. Example how do I get Tron into Bitcoin and over to Coinbase. It keeps asking me for a Tron wallet. And how can I move my coins off the exchange into an account I control and not have to sell them / convert them to get them off or out of Binance?
Knowing generally how people are behaving, how they are feeling about the coin’s activity, and the news flow (i.e. government, or big business factual news about the space) surrounding the upturn or downturn that will push it one way or the other is the key to this strategy for the trading of cryptocurrency.  One can’t really tell exactly but using the right clues we can make smart decisions based on the preponderance of the evidence.
One of the best resources for finding out about current or upcoming ICOs is here. If you see a coin that peaks your interest, be sure to be extra diligent when evaluating it. Since we have no historical data to gauge how the coin might perform, it’s very important to understand the real-world purpose of the coin. Another thing to note is whether the ICO is capped or not. Some ICO’s will be capped at a certain number, meaning that people who are late to the part, will need to wait for the coin to be offered on exchanges.
Before I start describing the main features of this trading platform, I would like to familiarize you with the company itself. Bitstamp is one of the oldest cryptocurrency marketplaces in the world. The company began its activity in 2011 in the UK. However, later they have opened other offices in Luxemburg and New York. Crypto exchange Bitstamp received its license in Luxemburg.
I am not your guru. I’m a crypto enthusiast, not a professional trader, and I make plenty of mistakes. There are a huge amount of ‘gurus’ and ‘experts’ out there but the truth is that many of them haven’t got a fucking clue what they are talking about. Opinions in cryptocurrency are like assholes, everybody’s got one. It’s extremely easy to predict the market and hell, everybody seems like an expert, when cryptocurrency is experiencing a bull run.
Don’t zoom in too much on the price trends of the moment; don’t sweat the small things. It’s easy to zoom in and get stressed when Litecoin goes from $220 to $213 (or something like that). However, these little movements only matter if you are day trading large amounts of coin relative to your total investable funds. Zoom out a bit and look at trends over larger periods of time. Don’t think of that $213 relative only to $220, think of it relative to the $100 Litecoin was at a few months back, the $400 it was at after that, and the $100 it was at just a little while ago. From that perspective, a fluctuation between $220 and $213 is nearly insignificant. I will rarely make trades on timeframes shorter than 2hr candles, and I generally am looking at 6 hr and 1 day candles, because I value my sanity and am focused on the long term trajectory of crypto. That only changes in very specific instances and with purpose. If you zoom in too much, you lose sight of overarching trends (many of which are actually stronger indicators of what is actually happening).
No one actually knows how long this whole crypto thing will last but instead of losing sleep at night constantly checking token prices which have zero fundamentals behind them, I’d much rather invest in a real business that will make money whether Bitcoin prices go up or down. (Full disclosure: To satisfy my own curiosity, I do own a tiny amount of Bitcoin which won’t make me rich nor will it affect me if the whole space goes to zero).
finder.com is an independent comparison platform and information service that aims to provide you with the tools you need to make better decisions. While we are independent, we may receive compensation from our partners for featured placement of their products or services. We may also receive compensation if you click on certain links posted on our site.
Always learn from your mistakes. Never accept a total loss. Always evaluate the situation and try to figure out why it happened. Take that experience as an asset for your next move, which will be better because you are know more now than you knew before. We all start off as amateurs, and we have all lost money throughout out trading experience. In his first month of trading, Miles went from $1,000 to $300. I’ve lost a lot by selling at losses inspired by fear. No one is perfect, no one wins every single trade. Don’t let the losses discourage you, because the reality is they’re making you better trader if you choose to learn from them.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015
Archives Select Month August 2016 (1) March 2016 (3) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (3) October 2015 (5) August 2015 (1) July 2015 (2) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (4) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (2) December 2014 (2) November 2014 (2) October 2014 (4) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (4) June 2014 (4) May 2014 (5) April 2014 (1) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (3) October 2013 (2) August 2013 (1) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (9) April 2013 (4) March 2013 (6) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (10) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (7) October 2012 (4) September 2012 (10) August 2012 (11) July 2012 (3) June 2012 (10) May 2012 (27) April 2012 (19) March 2012 (10) February 2012 (9) January 2012 (14) December 2011 (18) November 2011 (14) October 2011 (20) September 2011 (30) August 2011 (28) July 2011 (41) June 2011 (14) May 2011 (21) April 2011 (19) March 2011 (28) February 2011 (14) January 2011 (24) December 2010 (9) November 2010 (25) October 2010 (31) September 2010 (62) August 2010 (67) July 2010 (33) June 2010 (35) May 2010 (40) April 2010 (29) March 2010 (2) February 2010 (5) January 2010 (6) December 2009 (6) November 2009 (19) October 2009 (24) September 2009 (25) August 2009 (18) July 2009 (59) June 2009 (49) May 2009 (52) April 2009 (16) March 2009 (7) February 2009 (3) January 2009 (1) December 2008 (12) November 2008 (19) October 2008 (14) September 2008 (13) August 2008 (26) July 2008 (31) June 2008 (23) May 2008 (22) April 2008 (29) March 2008 (41) February 2008 (6) January 2008 (5) December 2007 (17) November 2007 (16) October 2007 (27) September 2007 (32) August 2007 (15) July 2007 (22) June 2007 (9) May 2007 (5) April 2007 (19) March 2007 (28) February 2007 (32) January 2007 (22) December 2006 (13) November 2006 (27) October 2006 (19) September 2006 (18) August 2006 (16) July 2006 (15) June 2006 (15) May 2006 (18) April 2006 (10) March 2006 (15) February 2006 (10) January 2006 (8) December 2005 (2) November 2005 (9) October 2005 (14) September 2005 (11) August 2005 (11) July 2005 (24) June 2005 (13) May 2005 (16) April 2005 (12) March 2005 (11) February 2005 (11) January 2005 (13) December 2004 (10) November 2004 (5) October 2004 (14) September 2004 (27) August 2004 (9) July 2004 (19) June 2004 (13) May 2004 (12) April 2004 (20) March 2004 (11) February 2004 (4) 0 (2)
Latest releases of graphics, templates, themes, wallpapers, games, software, TV shows, ebooks, magazines, tutorials and much more.
The 26-year-old woman can be sene on her knees pleading to her family as the baby’s head was too big for a natural delivery causing pain. Read more
Download Free The Core Elements of Value in Healthcare When you go shopping, do you simply go to the store with the intention of buying as many items as you can? Or do you sel Medical 536 Paper 1567939708
Searching for big beautiful women on bbw dating sites not finding any join bbwhookuporg and chat with plus sized beauties and sexy chubby ladies today. Kinky bbw personals is a kinky dating website can help naughty bbws find a date tonight in their area tonight or if you are a guy looking for a date with a woman. Bbw romance features 1000\'s of single bbw men and women looking to date online the fastest growing bbw dating site online search for free today.
Large friends is the online bbw dating / plus size dating site with bbw dating personals for the bbw (big beautiful women), bhm (big handsome men) and the fa admirers. Watch lyla everwettt bbw porn videos for free, here on pornhubcom discover the growing collection of high quality most relevant xxx movies and clips no other sex tube is more popular and features more lyla everwettt bbw scenes than pornhub.
Large and lovely is a bbw dating service with online bbw dating personals for plus size singles the bbw big beautiful woman the bhm big handsome man and their admirers with sincere personal ads currently listed in our date finder search. Join bbw admire today, the free bbw dating site allowing larger women and their admirers to meet and connect meet bbw singles in your area with unlimted messages and our free bbw dating forum and chat room. Search bbw sex personals and meet sexy plumps online join hornyplupmscom if you like curvy ladies, browse bbw personals, meet sexy bbws.
Bbw smut dream movies selection sorted by what you like most 100% free and updated 89 times a month.
Plumpfriendscom is a bbw adult dating site for plump busty women and their admirers with free bbw personals. They are married, big and beautiful find yourself a hot married bbw today by joining our free personals website we have a big database of bbw's looking for some fun, so do not miss out, married bbw personals. A review of bbw personals plus this place promotes itself as an online venue for large sexy women and big handsome men to meet for friendship, fun and romance bbw personals plus is free to join but payment is required for full use.
Official site the ultimate site for curvy, big, beautiful women, and those who dream of meeting them at bbwdatefindercom they say that bigger is better, and it's 100 true at our ultimate bbw network.
Onlinebbw is an bbw sex dating site for big beautiful women and the men who love them find local bbw looking for sex and arrange a free bbw hookup today. Leverett's best 100% free bbw dating site meet thousands of single bbw in leverett with mingle2's free bbw personal ads and chat rooms our network of bbw women in leverett is the perfect place to make friends or find a bbw girlfriend in leverett. Bbw personals to meet someone online best sites for men and women. Bbw personals is a place to find hot local bbw hookups set up your free profile and have bbw personals sex today.
Hyperopia, or farsightedness, means that distant objects appear clearer than objects up close. Dr. Patel, can you tell us more about hyperopia?
Of course, Dr. Reynolds. In cases of hyperopia, light rays are not refracted enough, and the resulting image focuses on a point behind the retina instead of on the retina. This happens because the eye is too short or the cornea is too flat.
Younger eyes have a natural accommodating, or focusing, power that often compensates for farsightedness. But eyes become less able to accommodate as they age, which means that hyperopia most commonly becomes a problem later in life. A person with hyperopia may need no correction until they reach their forties or fifties.
Hyperopia can be corrected by any method that increases the total refractive power of the eye. Eyeglasses and contact lenses accomplish this by putting “positive” lenses in front of the eye. “Positive” lenses are thicker in the center than at the edge. Refractive surgery to correct hyperopia makes the central part of the cornea more steeply curved to allow the image to focus on the retina.
One procedure used by the Air Force to treat refractive errors is known as PRK, which stands for “photorefractive keratectomy.” Like other types of refractive surgery, the goal of PRK is to reshape the cornea so that light traveling through it is properly focused onto the retina. Dr. Flemings, can you tell us more about photorefractive keratectomy?
During the procedure, a numbing drop is placed in the eye, the area around the eye is cleaned, and an instrument called a lid speculum is used to hold the eyelids open. The next step is to remove the central epithelium using one of several techniques. An excimer laser, which delivers a pulsing beam of ultraviolet light, is then used to reshape the stroma of the cornea.
The procedure takes about 10 minutes for both eyes. In a relatively short time after the procedure, usually three to four days, the epithelium will heal over the exposed area.
Rip Reban, best pig ever, he was the best friend Ты could get, Храбрая сердцем and bold, sacrificed himself for the world,, he's a real hero and will always be remembered Больше года
All the materials uploaded by net friends. Only learning.All The vector mentioned are the property of their respective owners, and are either freeware, shareware, demo versions or public domain. The licence mentioned above the download button is just an indication. Please check the indicated author's website for details, and contact him/her if in doubt. If no author/licence is indicated that's because we don't have information, that doesn't mean it's free.If violation of your copyright, please e-mail told we would be removed within 5 working days! Submit free resources and all other matters, please contact hereisfree.com@gmail.com.
Zimbabwe is a landlocked country but strategically situated to become a distribution hub as well as passenger and goods interchange centre serving countries like Malawi, Zambia and the Democratic Republic of Congo. Infrastructures like good roads, rail, warehouses and efficient border post are key factors in a country’s attractiveness in addition to security, rule of law and education among others. Zimbabwe has got so much land and room for improvement. Any major roads can be extended to add more lanes
Some people may look at this and think it’s an ambitious project but Zimbabwe cannot start a regeneration project with third world mentality. The country is a sleeping giant and one should look at Zimbabwe and compare it with developed countries like German, Japan and the United Kingdom. People in these countries are always thinking of improving all areas of life.
Regenerate Zimbabwe government shall pay attention to easy movement of goods and passengers between major cities like Johannesburg, Lusaka, Blantyre and Kinshasa. This is because we have experienced men and women with necessary qualification and desire to regenerate Zimbabwe.
Terms of use talk about the user’s responsibility in using your website. It talks about copyright, linking, security, intellectual property rights, tone of comments and acceptance of the terms. The terms of use are most critical if you have a site that has user-generated content (i.e. commenting, wiki or message board). The privacy policy can be included in the terms of use if you would rather not have two separate pages, but it is advisable to keep them separate as this makes it easier for users to find your privacy policy.
Most sites have some way of taking in information, and in some cases that information is used within the site content. It is therefore very important to include a privacy policy and terms of use in any site you create. These two pages provide you the opportunity to make your users aware of what their responsibilities are, and what your promises are.
There are plenty of internet resources which will give you the basics for a good Terms of Use policy. We advise building this page based on the recommendations of the Better Business Bureau and governed by PCI compliance.
Linyi Dingyi Power Machinery Co. Ltd.(Sino Mechanical and Electrical Equipment Co.,Limited.),located in Linyi High-Tech Development Zone, Shandong province, specializes in small universal gasoline engine and related garden and agricultural machinery, and combines production, development and trade as a whole. At present, there are more than 100 kinds of products, such as brush cutters, sprayers, water pumps, hedge trimmers, lawnmowers and so on. The Annual production is 500 thousand pieces one year.[...]
Shanghai Sunshine Arts & Crafts Co., Ltd, who recommended by Chinese Govenment for its trustiness and high quality, is a professional manufactory and trader for its developing, designing and making of arts & crafts, especially the polyresin products and wool or silk products. Buddha statues, Garden displays, Fountains, Columns, FRP and other kinds of arts & crafts are our main products and all of them were exported to Uninted States, Japan, Europe and South-east Asia, etc. Also, we supply[...]
Since 1995,We are manufacturer and exporter for highly Decorations / wrapping materials for live flowers ,artificial flowers and plants including Snow sheer mesh, rainbow snow sheer ,fancy mesh ,metalic mesh ,non-woven paper ,in special & top qualities for worldwide . Our products have been exporting to Europe by 80% and 20% for Asia area in our total position . We give surely trust and confidence on standard quality control system, proper delivery time and clear shipping document's handling[...]
Shenzhen Xinlong Plastic Products Manufactory was established in 2003 .We work as a professional manufacturer and exporter in China. We are Specializing in Household Products,Digital products, Electronic gifts and Personal care products. Many of our products are enjoying great popuality and sold very well in the international markets. Especially Swivel Sweeper, Vibration Belt , Electric Mandoline Slicer,Dual Drill,etc. We own design,development,manufacturing and marketing department.With high[...]
Learn how to write a college admissions resume and what to include, coursework, internships, jobs, volunteer experiences, and educational strategy. While many college applications do not require a resume (and many outright ban them), knowing how to write a resume for college using your common app is an incredible time-saving move for a high school senior. The college resume templates illustrate their education, showcases their talents and their extracurricular achievements these resume templates highlight the competitions they have participated in and awards that they might have won. High school student resume: building a winning resume for your college applications college admissions time is hectic for both students and parents there are forms to fill out, essays to write, records to request, financial aid to consider, and schools to visit. Students should create a resume during 9th or 10th grade to track their community service hours, awards and projects.
Application provide enough space to adequately (or neatly) respond to this category data a short resume’ is a good way of addressing this issue while giving a college application an air of maturity and polish. The fact that you write a resume doesn't impress colleges, it's a required part of the admissions process at most colleges and merely applying doesn't set you apart from any of the other applicants , for they, too, filled out an application. With most colleges now requiring a resume as part of the college application package, students will benefit greatly from learning how to craft a proper resume. You need to submit a resume or activity list with your college applications to show an admissions officer how you spend time outside the classroom.
A college admissions resume is a resume that is included as part of a college application, and includes information such as educational experience, awards won, volunteer work, or work completed, depending on the age of the student applying. Sample resume for the college application process resume for joe/jill college 2201 n locust wahoo, ne 68066 (402)443-4332 e-mail: esu2esu2neus. Positively differentiate your application from applicants who did not include any objective at all, or only focused on their own goals (resume objective examples . Free college admissions resume writing example view professionally written sample college admissions resumes and free tips on how to prepare your resume site offers hundreds of resume examples for all professions.
Find and save ideas about college resume on pinterest | see more ideas about resume help, resume tips and resume [ college admissions resume example resumes . After you submit your applytexas or coalition for college application, select the option to apply for freshman admission as an international applicant . A resume is a powerful tool for college and for the future list summer jobs, performing arts training, athletic accomplishments, academic and pre-professional experiences, travel, public service, and internships.
The college resume example is what you should use to make a basic resume format for your college admission this will be easy to understand and follow college application resume. Resume genius provides personal resume help, users are able to send and track their applications within the builder, making your job hunts more organized. Provides a process for creating a resume for college applications by aligning the elements of the universal college application with those found on a resume. Example resume for high school students for college applications school resume templateregularmidwesternerscom | regularmidwesterners .
The college application process can be time consuming and downright confusing at times, but creating your resume doesn’t have to be colleges aren’t going to expect you to have a lot of professional experience, let alone in the field you hope to pursue, so don’t stress if your “work experience” section is one of the smallest. Below is a resume template for college students and college graduates, as well as advice on how to use the template the resume template lists the information you need to include on your resume when you're a college student or recent graduate. Is your resume as powerful as it should be use this college admissions representative resume template to highlight your key skills, accomplishments, and work experiences. College students resume objective examples out—using a standard objective statement for every application looks amateurish and will only hurt you in the long .
Resume templates, college selection questionnaire, application & essay grids, recommendation and interview packages, extracurricular ideas. Tidyform provides a large number of free and hand-picked college resume template, which can be used for small, medium and large-sized enterprises you can find practical, colorful files in word, excel, powerpoint and pdf formats. College resume sample view the sample resume for a college student that isaacs created below, or download the college student resume template in word. Think resumes are only for job seekers think again high school student resumes give colleges a snapshot of your accomplishments, extracurriculars, hobbies, and work history they can also be a useful tool for prepping for a college interview or to give to the teachers who are writing your letters .
the optimistic outlook and perspective on life in the poems a psalm of life and the rainy day by hen
Biotechnology had its beginnings in Cuba in 1973 when scientists and physicians, including R. Lee Clark, M.D.(1906-1994), from M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, Texas visited Havana and held discussions about new frontiers in biotechnology, esp. the possible use of in viral infections such as dengue. Following the lead from Dr. Clark, Cuban scientists were sent to Finland to learn how to make interferon from white blood cells. By 1983, Cuba had embraced biotechnology immediately in its quest to distance its GNP from complete dependency on commodities (sugar, nickel, tobacco, rum) and to venture into an arena, where if successful, would catapult Cuba into a select group of scientifically advanced (at least in biotechnology) nations.
Cuban scientists not only visited Houston but also were sent to Eastern European countries and the USSR to learn as much as they could about new procedures and techniques in biotechnology. Cuba allocated tens of millions of scarce dollars to build "state of the art" facilities. Unfortunately, in these early years, there was not enough money to fund "pure research". Everything was geared towards production and sales of biotechnology goods and services.
Today, Cuba has had considerable success in the area of vaccines, interferon, and monoclonal antibodies. HIV/AIDS research is very intense. Dr. Vicente Verez, head of the University of Havana's Synthetic Antigens Laboratory has announced Cuban production of Hemophilus influenza type B synthetic vaccine. Cuba hopes to develop an effective HIV vaccine in addition to producing abundant (enough for national use and international sales) of anti-HIV medications. Cuba takes the position that patents should not be enforced and poor nations and individuals should not have to pay for "expensive" medications manufactured by multinational "for profit" pharmaceutical corporations. So, Cuba offers an alternative...as controversial as many other political postures Cuba embraces in the New Millennium.
Tattoos and red hair tattoos hair red hair pretty hair hair ideas from hairstyles for red hair , source:pinterest.ph
I'm so excited!!! I have two loyal readers! Today I saw a friend in Walmart and she said she checks my site every couple of days! That's two!!!! Baby Brother and I had a check up today. His heart beat is 135-140. She said that was great. He wasn't too keen on the interuption of privacy...he kicked her when she put the dopplar on my belly. Since then he hasn't been to bothered with the world. I haven't heard much from the little guy today. However Big brother just woke up and apparently it was on the wrong side of the bed! He's playing with the russian nesting dolls that granny ann got us. He's trying to be like Miki! Tonight Tony and I will be going to see Third Day at the Fed Ex Forum. I can't wait!
Hair loss and the simple regimen we can do at home to lessen and prevent aggravating of the condition
I am a Mommy to two wonderful little boys and a sweet baby girl!. Brady is 9 Kaden is 5 and Lynleigh Ren is 2. I serve in the women's ministry at my church and I just love it! I am a Jesus Freak who loves to tell everyone about my Savior! I am a 9th grade English and Journalism teacher and I just love it! The students have changed me and I'm so happy for that!
Rock Band and Guitar Hero aren’t the sensations they used to be. That doesn’t mean they’re bad. Not Rock Band 3. But they’re not the cultural phenomenons they once were. That’s temporary, according to a man who should know.	More »
Registration for T-Ball- Seniors opens 2/1/18. Please go click here to register online, for kindergarter thruy seniors By registering online you will be opting out of the fundraiser. If you would like to help out with the fundraiser, You will need to go to a in person registration. They are Saturday February 3rd from 8:30-noon at Nicollet Jr High. Also on Thursday February 22nd. at BHS from 6-8:30 p.m.
If you would like to apply for a scholarship you will need to come to one of the in person registration. You will need to provide a copy of the FREE/REDUCED lunch letter for the 2017/2018 school year.
T-ball (pre-k)~$50 – does not have to participate in the fundraiser Click her to register here for TBALL
Played by kings and commoners alike, backgammon is arguably one of the most popular games in the modern world. Simply one of the best sequence and ...
one day wonderkid bg player Sander Lylloff made a play against Gus Hansen which caused derision amongst the best players. Wonderkid was right, way right.
2011 Australian Grand Final Backgammon Championships. A 7 point tournament with live commentary from Murray Robinson and Tony Cossack. Game Links: ...
First in a series of (hopefully!) easy to follow tutorials on playing backgammon, designed for the absolute beginning player. Please feel free to comment, and ask ...
The best way to bring people together? Definitely a friendly game of Backgammon! Watch as Jewish and Arab communities across Jerusalem come together for ...
Backgammon grand master Victor Ashkenazi talks about his days as a Goldman Sachs VP, the next market crash and teaches Patrick Bet-David a few moves on ...
The Gibraltar Backgammon 2018 was held at the Caleta Hotel Gibraltar between the 7-11th of February and included top international players.
Watch it with HD quality!!! The final of Backgammon World Championship 2009 in Monte Carlo on 19th July. Left: Mochy (Japan), Right: Lars Trabolt (Denmark).
How do I play backgammon? This is how to play backgammon. This is a super simple explanation of How to Play Backgammon. I have been playing the Game ...
One of the best backgammon boards out there. Super high quality and hand-made for the ultimate playing experience. I'm a passionate backgammon player ...
Learn how to use the doubling cube in backgammon in this free how-to video clip lesson on how to play backgammon, the board game. Expert: Grady Johnson ...
A quick look at a couple of backgammon books that I would recommend for players wishing to further their game beyond beginner level. Links from the video: ...
With our Email, you can use your domain name to create more memorable, credible email addresses and manage your inbox from anywhere in the world.
Access email from anywhere at anytime from the web, your favorite desktop app or your mobile device.
Keep in touch with life and the people in it. Manage your network of contacts and keep appointments in one place.
Get up to 10GB of space to store emails, contacts and calendar items. Plus, you can send attachments up to 20MB.
Our email uses leading security technology to keep you and your mail safe, spam and virus protection are built-in.
Communicating with people across the globe just got easier with a tool that helps translate your messages.
Navigate to the "Email-> Manage" page in your account. From there, you can access your inbox by clicking the "Check mail" option next to each available email address.
You can also check email from your mobile device by going to your webmail.yourdomain (i.e webmail.mydomainame.com)
Navigate to the Email Manage page in your account. There is a "change password" link located next to each available email address.
Navigate to the Email Manage in your account. There is a "Delete link" located next to each active email address.
At this time, Email is only offered in one-year subscriptions. Therefore, you will be billed on an annual basis.
For this configuration to work, you must first purchase our DNS Service and have your domain set to our name servers.
You can always add more email addresses to your account by selecting additional plans. The price will be pro-rated to sync with the expiration date of you original Email purchase. For example, if you purchase additional email accounts one month after your original purchase, the price will be pro-rated for 11 months of service.
If you are a reseller using our API, you can purchase any number of email addresses. However, your prices will not be pro-rated at this time. Instead a new bundle will be created for your purchase.
There’s a great deal to examine at the area’s only museum wherever taking part in and Finding out go hand-in-hand. This not-for-earnings museum characteristics shared instructional ordeals that delight Youngsters ages 2-ten and parents alike.
Morris Buttermaker, an alcoholic pest removal employee and former Specialist baseball player (for a very limited time), is recruited to mentor and coach a failing baseball team of 12-yr-olds which is about to be thrown out with the league. Prepared by
An undercover cop in the not-as well-distant potential gets associated with a dangerous new drug and starts to lose his very own identification Consequently.
Journey again more than a hundred years to knowledge an reliable “Magic Lantern” present in the one theater of its kind in the world.
Three aged highschool close friends meet up with in a Michigan motel place to dissect painful memories from their previous.
It's going to give you a wonderful feeling of tradition that you are almost certainly not used to. In any case, how often is usually a traffic jam in the city as a result of an Amish horse-and-buggy?
Lecture excursions explain the history and spiritual significance of the dwelling spot of God among the his persons. Attendees symbolizing many faiths and cultures from everywhere in the earth have found this interesting. Visit Web site
In the course of her job she has labored being a technician inside a blended animal observe, in addition to an teacher and performing coordinator for an Animal Health Engineering plan at ta faculty for Allied Wellness Occupations.
Elsa came into our lives on Sunday 1/31/16. She was discovered frozen from the highway by among our professionals, Ally. At time, Ally even now felt a faint heartbeat and understood she had to act quick. She named our lead Technician, Mary Kay, and the two of these rushed in the medical center to avoid wasting go our sweet Elsa.
At regarding the a person hour point, Robert Ryan and Burt Lancaster are inside of a mirror loaded room, heading about their remaining approval in the prepare. The digicam gentleman taking pictures the scene is Evidently mirrored in the middle mirror panel. See extra » Quotations
None of us, youthful or aged, have to be subjected to exclamations including "You guys appear to be the final s--t I took." Or to listen to copious references to Greg Kinnear's relatives jewels.
Weather managed with no cost parking, we’re just a couple of minutes from Lancaster city. Use our income-conserving passes or fork out for each attraction. Remember to stop by our Internet site To learn more.
It is a working day excursion of academic exciting you can expect to recall for the life time. Handicap/wheelchair obtainable. Check out Internet site
Look at Lancaster County like hardly ever right before with a helicopter sightseeing tour or flight instruction method! Fly around your preferred landmarks, athletics stadiums, parks, read the article and a lot more. Excursions start off at just 39.ninety nine for additional info all ages and can be scheduled for virtually any day on the 7 days! Visit Internet site
A street-wise young man through the Chicago slums goals of cajoling With all the prosperous and strong, despite the expense.
I tend to write in the weirdest places huh. I'm in a bunk on our bus. Were heading to Grand Prairie Canada. I'm a little beat, because we've been on tour for almost a year now. It's getting a little chilly outside and we are all trying to stay away from the cold bug. lol It's been amazing to see how many people still believe in what we do. There's been so much support its awesome. It feels like we've been doing our own crazy campaign like Obama for almost a year, going around reminding people that we still are here.( Speaking of him.) seeing him win makes me feel that there is still good left in this world. I'm very happy. It also makes me think that with hard work, dedication and belief, anything can happen. And the same goes for us, as a group and as an individual . Yes we can change. And that is exactly what we are setting course to do. We are going to change alot, The way our past records have sounded. The way were perceived . And just our message overall . I thank all of you in your strength too. You are some tough cookies. Its not that COOL to be a BSB or Nick Carter fan at times. But i promise you this. Were working to CHANGE all that. You know? With mistakes comes lessons. With lessons comes learning. And with learning comes teaching. I'd rather be the solution then the problem. I'd rather be a teacher of good than the teacher of bad. It's been a long tough road for us at times, ( Even AMERICA) But i believe what defines a true champion is endurance. When you fall , pick yourself off the ground and at the least , FINISH THE RACE. You've heard this " Its not how you start , it's how you finish". That's what we believe so should you. I'm very excited about everything we are about to do. Thank you for your love and let the revolution begin again. To all our BSB soldiers. Spread the word. Peace
In June we had a couple of Zanda’s friends over here at Shar Planina 55 who hitchhiked all the way from Latvia to Sofia.
I decided it would be an excellent idea to do a small interview with them on the topic of hitchhiking.
Is employment still relevant today? What is there left than needs doing? What’s going to happen to the world’s unemployed? What does automation have to do with all this? Is there an alternative? This and more in this episode of qbdp.
In addition, I mention this episode of The Cracked Podcast (it’s called “What America can’t admit about the Millennial generation” – trust me, it applies even more to the European South). You really need to give it a listen, it’s a must if you’d like to hear more about what unemployment means today, what more it could mean in the following years and why you shouldn’t be listening to your parents when they’re telling you that when they were your age they had already gone through 14 jobs or so. You should check out the rest of their episodes too, they’re doing a fantastic job.
Author CubilonePosted on February 8, 2014 February 8, 2014 Categories English, Links to stuff I like, Politics, qbdp, София - SofiaTags cracked, millennials, on the phenomenon of bullshit jobs, podcast, qbdp, quixotic baboon's dangling phonetics, sofia, unemployment, vicente3 Comments on qbdp episode #4: Being employed in the 21st Century
At Diesel Ebooks for $9.99 (US) - Omnibus edition including Oryx and Crake, The Year of the Flood and MaddAddam.
In the tradition of The Handmaid’s Tale, Oryx and Crake and The Year of the Flood envision a near future that is both beyond our imagining and all too familiar: a world devastated by uncontrolled genetic engineering and a widespread plague, with only a few remaining humans fighting for survival.
Combining adventure, humour, romance and superb storytelling that is at once dazzlingly inventive and grounded in a recognizable world, MaddAddam is a moving and dramatic conclusion to this internationally celebrated dystopian trilogy.
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I've joined your feed and look forward ...
Nice blog here! Also your website loads up very fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate ...
I see you don't monetize your website, don't waste your traffic, you can earn extra bucks every month.
I have noticed you don't monetize your site, don't waste your traffic, you can earn extra cash every ...
This is a thread to discuss the modems on the Bad Model main list. Please restrict postings here to additions or questions on why a device is listed. If you have a device thats not on the list, provide proof it has a Intel Puma chip powering it.
<b> If you have found a device that is wrongly put on this list and has a Broadcom chip in it. Please send me a PM right away with proof its a Broadcom device and I will remove it.</b>
Is the DTG1682G, the same as the TG1682G gateway leased by Comcast? I do not find DTG1682G in the DSLR hardware list, but the TG1682G is on the list: https://www.dslreports.com/hardware/ARRIS-TG1682-h4006 and it is Puma6
I saw two images at your front "Testing" topic and I curious why you state that a picture at right is wrong.
There is a statement at "Cable Modem Puma 6 test" result page "Excess red is a concern if most measurements are 50ms or less" and there are red marks at 100 ms and above on your picture at right.
Any RED seen on the puma tool test page isn't good. Should be ALL GREEN or some Yellow mixed in with GREEN. NO RED!
Use a site like IMGBB.com or a photo file server site that supports and gives BBFORUM links to the photos you want to post here.
Use the attachment option, locate your pic file on the computer, click the place in-line and post. You need to use the full editor to do this.
How about NETGEAR CM500-1AZNAS (bought from Amazon, ASIN B06XH46MWW). I couldn't find if it has Intel Puma or Broadcom through internet search or on Netgear website datasheet. (only a deal website had a claim saying it is Broadcom, but I want to confirm from a more reliable source).
The CM-500 is an older generation modem 2015 era. Maybe early Puma 4 or 5 if it's an intel. Could be a Ti chip set as well however not sure.
Made a post regarding modems and routers and basic information, things to check for, tools to use and user experiences with modems and routers.
I made some fried rice and while getting the hamster it's food went back to the table to find the hamster had gotten into my bowl of food. I had eaten most of it by the time the hamster crawled in.
So instead of feeding the usual peanut shaped hamster vittles I added some more fried rice to a dish and took photos as the hamster cleaned off the plate.
There are people that say that in order let something new into your life, one has to make room by getting rid of things. Weather it's letting go of something emotionally or getting rid of something physically I suppose this all makes sense. After all, getting a tank of fish is easier after you got rid of the pesky neighbour's cat. You could have both but it might prove problematic in the long run.
As 2010 comes to a close and the time do another apartment move draws near, my motivation for making that move easier has been increasing exponentially as the date approaches. This will be the tenth move since moving out of the parents place, oh, so long ago.
A few months ago (ie. When I moved in to the current apartment) I came to the realization that I had boxes of stuff that I hadn't unpacked from the last move, the move before that, and the move before that move. Some of the boxes were falling apart and I had to move the contents of the crumbly box into a new box. This is when I realized I had a C manual for version 6, 5 and 4 taking up space. If I recycled these books a while ago, along with a whole bunch of other used items, I could have saved space and the energy it took to move them.
The real back breaker as far as moving goes, and I have friends, maybe ex-friends, that will attest to this, is my laserdisc collection. These discs represent all that is unholy when getting friends to help move. It wouldn't be so bad if "we" didn't have to lug all those suckers around. The nearly 800 reflective silver record sized objects takes up about 10 boxes with the average box weighing 65 pounds (approx 30 kilos). It's a frightening thought for anyone about to move.
Moving them along a flat terrain isn't so bad if you don't have to bend down to pick them up or put them down, but I live in a place with stairs. Not just stairs but narrow stairs. Narrow enough that if you're carrying a box, you've got a 75% chance that you'll mash your fingers between carrying the box and into the wall, all while trying to squeeze up to the top hallway. Moving, yeah, hate it.
I told myself that if I had to move out to some other rental place I would unload the boxes of stuff I don't need. Today that's what I've started to do. It's always dangerous opening boxes you haven't looked in for years. There's the risk that you'll start to reminisce or decide you don't want to throw something away.
I started going through the discs to see if there were any real keepers (mistake #1). Mainly stuff that I don't have on DVD or something so rare that it would be worth keeping (along with a player - mistake #2). I have a Japanese disc of the Yamato animated series, It's number 15. I don't have any of the other volumes. There's also the Star Wars Definitive Collection. While it's a bit water damaged, thanks to some jerk I lent it to, it's the three Star Wars movies (the good ones) in CAV format, spanning nine discs, plus a hard cover book. Back in the day I paid $270 for it. $30 off regular price! You can probably get it on eBay now for $30. Ugh! If it wasn't for watching the movies 150 times, I might have been better off investing in 8 track tapes.
In some ways I feel like one of those record collectors when CDs came out. The large packaging allowed for not only the discs but sometimes books, CDs, and liner notes. The Tron box set (which was around $180.00 at the time) had some liner notes (see above). It was all very nice looking. It also was a movie with directors commentary. This was an awesome feature for movie buffs at the time because VHS and BETA tapes only had one audio track. We take this for granted now on DVDs.
Not all laserdiscs were expensive. As you can see "The Man Called Flintstone" was $17.99. They got cheaper as the DVDs started taking their place on the store shelves. At one point i was buying them from Ken Crane's online store for $3.00 each. Some were good and some were pretty crappy. Cheaper than a rental though.
Of course collecting them for 6 years adds up. Kind of like cigarettes without the smoke. They did keep me entertained all those long sleepless nights doing visual effects work and some were great reference material that I could go over and over again to. That was worth having them right there.
This photo really has nothing to do with this blog entry other than Captain Hill was doing this while I was writing.
It's not that the number six had any significance that created the theme for this blog entry, it's that I actually noticed the anniversary and remembered to blab about it. It would have been more significant if I talked about the fifth year anniversary last year (five seems more significant for some reason to me) but I was busy at the time. Last year I was probably figuring out how to move all my stuff/junk to transfer to my current apartment.
Some things don't change. Year to year, around the month of January I always wonder how I'm going to get by. Something always throws me a curve ball (or fires a bullet) at me and every year I've managed to dodge that bullet and seem to come out for the most part unscathed (also documented, in at least the last five).
This time, this January, a few things are coming into play. While none of them seem that great at this moment, just like in previous years, things will turn out alright. This is what's going through my head right now. It's like thinking about the pain of going to the dentist to get a wisdom tooth out.
The plus side is that I'm not entirely stressed. No acid reflux. Probably because I've been in worse situations or at least similar situations before. I'm not concentrating on going to the dentist and the pain that will occur (although to be fair my dentist is pretty amazing at non pain giving work), I'm concentrating on leaving the dentist's office and being able to eat again and enjoy it. It's falling into an abyss, it's marching towards it with purpose.
Life can be compared to a model walking along a catwalk. There will be a point that the model will fall down. As a model it's easy to do, the floors are generally slippery and the designers make the model wear shoes that don't always fit her feet. This gives to a high probability, if not certainty, the model will fall.
Life is the same way. You will fall down, fail, and even get beaten down to the ground to a point you won't want to get up or not even know how. Everyone fails and there will be times that your best isn't good enough. It's a fact.
It's times like this where I think about my FAB Fashion Editor, Max Macdonald, commenting on the model that just did the banana peel slip, land on her butt, hit her head, wipe out. "It's not how they fall, It's how they recover."
Sure enough the model in question at the time, got up, threw her overly sized shoes to the end of the catwalk, and kept walking toward the camera pit. She was applauded not only by the audience by also by some of the photographers (the ones that were in between taking photos of her). She could have started sobbing or even ran away but no she stood up, with confidence, and did her job. It was definitely something inspiring to see.
To be an optimist, when one really thinks about it, being at a low point not only makes you appreciate the high points, it also shows you the person you really are and maybe more importantly where you can improve yourself.
Of course you may not feel like this is a good thing at the time. Your thought of personal betterment might be overwhelmed by the thought of being stuck in that low, dark, place. Stop thinking of the pain and concentrate more on the leaving of the dentist's office and being able to enjoy that toasted bagel with salmon lox and cream cheese.
Heck, I'm not only going into the abyss but I'm marching right in and marching right out yelling and screaming "Victory!". (insert exclamation of colorful metaphor and fist pump action here for emphasis)
I didn't spend as much time at the house today as the allergies started kicking in quicker today than the other days. The cat seemed more content today that the last few. More prone to purring.
Although there was an incident in the upper hallway. While petting the cat with my foot the cat rolled over exposing it's belly. I should have paid heed to the Oatmeal as there was murder in the eyes of Coconut and not empathy as my foot became a claw pin cushion. After being released I went downstairs leaving the cat upstairs.
Before leaving the house I checked to see what the cat was up to. The subject was lying on Hilary's chair upstairs. A bit of petting and wheezing later I left the house.
9:48 - showed up early. Between the creaky door at home and Captain Hill making noise I woke up early. Subject greeted me at the door and walked me to the food container.
13:26 - went back to check on subject. Subject was in a playful mood. Started batting the camera with it's paw.
14:00 - subject seemed happy to see a human enter it's dwelling. Like most cats, Inspector Coconut started purring when I approached the food bag. The cat food measuring cup seems to have disappeared. Had to eyeball food amount.
Note: Subject requires petting to eat. Experimented with petting and non-petting while subject ingested food. Petting really does encourage subject to eat.
17:00 - woke up from napping on the couch. Sun's gone down. Located subject in window. I think the subject misses the people in the house. Subject was meowing that "I miss people" meow.
18:00 - after working a bit on the laptop I noticed that the cat had disappeared. After an exhaustive search around the house found the subject sleeping under the covers of this bed...
I've been craving perogies (pirogies) for the last little while. I saw a sign that had "Pirogie Night in Canada" on it a while ago and for the life of me can't seem to find the photo I took of it. But obviously it stuck and it got me to research various perogie recipes online. After a bit of experimenting, the recipe below is what I've come up with.
When broken down the perogie is basically mashed potato in a dough wrapper. You can buy them at a grocery store for only a few dollars a bag. Should you be located in the world where these things don't come easily, or you want to make them yourself from scratch to fully appreciate them read on for my recipe in this blog entry.
The last few days I've been perfecting my technique on the creation of pirogies. This got me out today looking for a cookie cutter that would allow me to cut dough to the size of a dumping mold I got a few years ago.
You can use a cup or glass as the cookie cutter and your hands to fold the dough wrapper. However, since I'm a fan of food automation and like the idea that making food can take less time than actually eating the food I use a cookie cutter and mold. Part of that could also be that I just like kitchen gadgets.
To help avoid confusion I've broken down my recipe into two sections, the wrapper dough and the filling. When shopping for ingredients make sure you look at both lists otherwise you may forget some food items and have to go out again.
Also it helps to have some kind of automated mixer perhaps with a J hook specifically for dough. You can mix with a wooden spoon in a bowl but it'll take some work.
Place dough mixture into the refrigerator to let butter harden (could be 30 minutes or over night or while you are making the filling).
Use a rolling pin to flatten. If dough is sticking to everything lightly add more flour to surface of dough.
The time consuming part is now done. Now the easy part, the cooking of the perogies. There are two methods.
The first method is to boil the perogies in water. You know when they're done when they float up to the surface. I have not actually done this so you're on your own here.
I love crunchy food so this is the cooking method I've selected. Add butter to the frying pan until it's melted, then add the perogies until they're brown on both sides. (it took about 7 minutes per side on my stove top). You'll note that the perogie side being cooked becomes hard (but not black) and crunchy when it's done. When it is, flip over and repeat until the other side is the same.
I like sour cream on my perogies with chopped chives maybe even bacon and more fried onions. I've also eaten them with mayonnaise when there was no sour cream to be found. I realize this borderlines eating like a college student, but you've got to do what you've got to do.
This week has been pretty terrible. No work and the job I had booked Thursday, today, was cancelled at the last minute. On top of that, I had passed up a paying photo gig that fell into my lap after I was booked for today's cancelled gig. I couldn't do both so I had to decline. So a big 'boo' to that.
The highlight today, of this week, was meeting up with some friends from Hamilton to see Tron Legacy. They drove into Toronto (this was good because I had used the last of the change in my change jar to buy the movie ticket).
Without wrecking or giving away anything I have to say that this movie made my week. For about two hours I was reintroduced to a world that had been upgraded, while still reminiscent of the old one introduced to us back in 1982. The Tron of yesteryear had reinforced the computer animation programmer in me (pre Amiga days) and ultimately resulted in getting into visual effects. It was a nice two hour escape.
What was really awesome was seeing this fan in a homemade suit (I liked the fact that the slurpee was color coordinated with the lit blue stripes). It's been a while since I've been at a Premiere where someone was dressed up. The last movie was probably the Phantom Menace. After that nothing. Geeks are awesome! Being surrounded by them you could feel the giddiness fill the room when the game warriors showed... I'll stop there.
Up until now I hadn't really taken the time to photograph the hamster in her environment. That is I've taken photos with bad tungsten low level lighting but no photos that were crisp with nice lighting. I wanted a photo to show people what the configuration of the cage was as well as the cage itself.
I transported the hamster and her habitrail to the basement where I set up some black material as a backdrop (It really makes the cage look like it's in space). Then with the limited space I positioned the lights and took some photos. What follows are the results...
I recorded Dolores giving a speech about olive oil at the Spoke club the other night using my fuji W1. Since then I burnt the video clip to CD and today I finally met up with her to give her the file. As a thank you she gave me a bottle of Full Moon olive oil from Spain. It's ranked some where in the top 13 out of 100 olive oils that were submitted in the Swiss gourmet food show. I say one of the top 13 because Dolores entered a few different olive oils and they all made it within the top 13, So Full Moon could have been 1, it could have been 13, or somewhere in between.
It was quite a nice gift and while I'm thinking about how to use the olive oil properly I thought I'd take photos of the bottle. It's square and cool looking. After all you can't just throw the olive oil into a stir fry or salad that mixes flavours. At least not the first time you try it. You've got to have a dish where you can actually savour the flavour and taste it by itself.
Someone had suggested pouring some of the olive oil on a plate and then tasting in on a nice piece of freshly baked french bread. Yes, that sounds quite yummy.
Blackbird studios had a showing tonight of their fall winter 2010 line. Among the models featured were some of the Hammer City Roller Girls. As usual it's always good to see them and photographing a fashion show is always kind of fun.
The venue was dark. Luckily I brought some external flashes. Unfortunately I didn't bring enough remotes. So I only had one slaved flash. There was a point that I attempted to use a second flash but it was tripped by other photographer's flashes. I didn't have enough time to set it up properly.
With the one flash I probably got the best photos at the venue as none of the other photographers brought extra lights. Yay me!
Oribe, for those not in the know, is not just a hair stylist he is one of the best and renowned the world over. Mainly from working with well known celebrities and photographers (see his wiki page here). At the time of the interview I didn't know any of this. It was just another assignment for FAB.
Max had been going on about him as soon as he knew he was going to interview him. I blocked most of that out. When photographing people I'd rather just concentrate on the person and not how famous they are. After all when dealing with famous people you treat them like any other person. If they're nice to you, you're nice back. If they're crumby to you hopefully you don't spend a lot of time with them and move on.
From the interview and spending a short moment taking photos afterwards I have this to say. Not only is Oribe well dressed, well mannered, with great stories, he is also a very gracious open individual. Max and I found the time we had with him to be too short. Personally I could have listened to his celebrity stories for hours. We didn't even get to ask him about his work with some of the more famous American photographers.
While I still had the car rental from yesterday's dance shoot and derby bout I figured I'd maximize the car rental by going shopping for food and stuff that seemed to be too big to carry while on foot. Even with my errands of running around I still would have the car for a few extra hours. It wasn't due back until later on in the evening. I called Laer to see if he needed to get anything.
Our first stop was to drop off a disc to Emmanuel. Laer was looking for some washers and parts for repairing stuff so the next stop was the Home Depot at Gerrard square. From there we drove up to Congee Queen for lunch, then headed over to the Golden Mile.
For the outside the Golden Mile seemed small and there was parking. That should have been our first clue. Available parking. Heck Gerrard Square parking was pretty full and Gerrard Square is one of those malls bordering on being a ghost mall.
Inside the Golden Mile it looked like something you might find in the neglected part of Detroit. Boarded up shops and a lot of room with no one in it. Zellers, one of the anchor stores, was no longer there. It was pretty depressing.
Depressing but for some reason we couldn't stop making jokes at the Mall's expense, "Golden mile? Mile of what? That sounds disgusting." An image of elderly people with poorly working bladders waiting in line came to mind. "A whole mile of them" and other images which were probably more stupendous than the first.
We hit the road and looked around for other stores. I started out looking to buy socks but instead bought a Lego set on sale. It was after hitting about 4 toys R us shops that Laer spotted the giant Lego train set and it was on sale! I had plans for this to possibly make the hamster's life more exciting. My brain works in really odd ways at times when it's trying to justify a purchase. It would be my early Christmas gift to myself.
After photographing the dance school I packed up my gear and made my way over to the Hangar to set up my lights. While the owners have replaced a few of the bad bulbs that weren't turning on the light is still way to dim for action photography.
The car rental allowed me to bring in the studio lights. They would be heavy and awkward on the public transit system.
While the strobes provide adequate lighting they unfortunately are also very fixed in position. This limits where I can go shoot. Ideally I like to have eight around the track but I only have two.
Older Posts Select Month October 2017 February 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007
Earth Cam's latest software release features an improved photography interface and mobile app for 360° virtual reality (VR) jobsite tours.
Use the free app to create interactive VR photographs at significant cost savings to current methods.
Most people with Internet access have webcams these days, but did you know that there are real live cams from all over the world that you can watch?
The voyeur in all of us will be happy to hear that you can peep in on amazing events, beautiful scenery, or even people who offer a real life webcam for your viewing pleasure.
Potential Sponsors: If your company is able to sponsor or even host (for free or to donate a portion of costs) a live video feed for the shelter, please feel free to contact OHS: Jane Morrison Corporate Relations Manager (503) 416-7084 email When we started i Pet Companion over six years ago we had a vision that would allow people to interact on the web with things they loved, and our technology made that possible in the world of animal welfare.
Since the first i Pet Companion site went live in 2010 we’ve had over 12 million people across 226 countries and territories log-on and interact with animals in the participating shelters’ sanctuaries.
Facilities staff have reported back increases of adoptions as much as 60%, increases in donations as much as 200%, and the technology has even been used in hospitals allowing children with severe illnesses to play with animals from their bedside.
In June of 2016 the ad network who manages ad spots on i Pet Companion is no longer providing that service and we have not been able to find a suitable replacement with a sufficient CPM payout to cover the server and bandwidth costs for the users/viewers of i Pet Companion.
Live cam of Abbey Road, made famous by the Beatles.Notice: the kitty cam live video feed and interactive toys were provided by a company called i Pet Companion.OHS received notice in April that i Pet Companion will be shutting down.Transmit data-rich content instantly using Earth Cam's geo-tagging mapping technology and share important visual updates in a fast, cost-effective way.Create a more intelligent jobsite using this efficient imaging technology.
Chat, hang out, and hook up with new people in your area by joining the site that's frequently ranked in the top 10 dating websites.
Traditionally, 12 recent subspecies of lion were recognised, distinguished by mane appearance, size, and distribution. Approximately 77% of the captive lions registered by the International Species Information System are of unknown origin.
Resources for creating great romantic and familial relationships curated by Marriage and Family Therapist, Dr. Amy Fuller
All things calm in the center of what it means to be a human being, embracing the moments of our lives with joy, fullness, and hope. www.calm.amyfullerphd.com
The amazing therapy for healing at light speed...EMDR (Eye Movement Desensitization and Reprocessing).
Learning to pray is learning to live as fully as possible in the present moment. John Main OSB http://meditativeprayer.org
All things mental health by a marriage & family therapist...from "the "I" in Illness to the "We" in Wellness" from Soulseeds
“We are never more fully alive, more completely ourselves, more deeply engrossed in anything, than when we are at PLAY.”
"Better to eat a dry crust of bread with peace of mind than have a banquet in a house full of trouble." Proverbs 17:1
best practices in storytelling in posts, paper, podium, pulpit and poetry for publication, parenting, presentation and performance.
As the saying goes, holidays are a time for family, and sometimes the get-togethers can be extremely stressful. I think most people have a few less-than-favorite relatives that aren't easy to deal with.
Some people just do not think about others feelings before they speak, and/or they do not care if they are rude or downright mean. These people can be especially hard to deal with, but, just remember a few things and the hurt will go back on them instead of onto you.
People who act rude and disrespectful are usually not happy with their own lives, so they project that unhappiness onto others by saying mean things. For whatever reason they get the false sense that it makes them feel better, when in reality it only hurts them more.
The key is to not let it bother you, let the stress of it go back to the person who said it. Since they are trying to hurt your feelings, if they don't then they are slapped in the face with the fact that they look like a complete idiot for being mean in the first place.
There are many people who let others control them in this way, by letting opinions rule what they do and that is NOT the way to be. You should decide what makes you happy and what doesn't, and you should decide what clothes you like and what you don't, etc. Don't let others run your life.
The best way to get back at someone like this, is to just be happy with yourself. That is exactly what they don't have and probably why they are being mean in the first place.
If you just can't hold your tongue, then simply say something like, "if you can't say something nice, don't say anything at all", or "please stop being disrespectful".
Great post and I agree!!! It's too bad that more people can't just be happy and accept others, regardless of how they look, etc.
It can be hard to hold your tongue, especially with family, but it is the best way to deal with a person like that.
Maybe there is some underlying issue that should be addressed too, I mean a lot of families have that going on.
Please refrain from adding URLs to unrelated or commercial websites. This site is moderated and comments with inappropriate links are rejected. Thank you for your understanding.
white crushed velvet chair covers lounge chairs set of 2 for sale at dining wingback,stratus gold velvet chair modern furniture o collection white armchair dining chairs office,white velvet vanity chair product printer friendly page office accent,off white velvet chair groovy swivel armchair crushed dining chairs,white velvet dining chairs vanity chair office living room makeover reveal by decor gold designs,neutral interior with velvet armchair on empty white wall background tufted dining chairs chair wingback,white velvet accent chair vanity black tufted off,riviera wing chair in charcoal velvet dining chairs with white legs accent,white crushed velvet chair covers gray gorgeous pink tufted table with chairs,plum armchair medium size of arm white accent chair louis crushed velvet covers tub.
Nordic god of war and of the sky, associated especially with thunder. Son of Odin. His mother was usually given as the earth goddess Jord (Iord), but alternatively he was said to be the son of Fjorgynn or Hlodyn. His wife was the goddess Sif. He lived in a hall named Bilskirnir ("strong"). Thor was said to have been the strongest of the gods and their foremost defender. His most famous attribute was his hammer Mjollnir, which caused thunder when struck and lightning when thrown. He also owned a belt which doubled his strength when worn and a pair of iron gauntlets. He rode in a chariot drawn by two goats. In Scandinavia, Germany, and England he gave his name to the fourth day of the week, known in English as Thursday. At Ragnarok, Thor was to slay the Midgard-serpent, only to perish in turn from the serpent's poison.
CAUSE . . . . The date field is invalid for one of the following conditions: – Month not valid (must be between 1 and 12), – Day not valid (must be between 1 and 31, and valid for month) – Year not valid (must be between 00 and 99), – Date has not been entered.
Warning: Unknown: Failed to write session data (files). Please verify that the current setting of session.save_path is correct (/var/tmp/sessions) in Unknown on line 0
"Abandon the search for Truth; settle for a good fantasy" - come here to discuss your favorite books about things that never happened.
The Thing under your bed; The footsteps on the stairs at night; The pale, dead eyes watching you in the dark outside your window - They're ALL in here. Come and join them...
"Fiction reveals truths that reality obscures." - come here to discuss all fiction that isn't fantasy or sci-fi.
"Anyone who says they have only one life to live must not know how to read a book" - Come here to discuss books about people who have lived, about things that have happened, and about everything else grounded in reality.
The user-friendly ADSL2+ Wireless N300 Modem Router gives you quickly and simple access to a high-speed ADSL2+ service so you can focus on enjoying multi-device connectivity throughout your home or office. Your ISP-supplied modem may well or could not have a constructed-in wireless router, but in any case it will commonly have a spare ethernet port so you can plug in an external wireless router. Setup is fairly basic, thanks to an installation guide that outlines six actions to get going. If you let the wireless router do DHCP, you can use set that up for guests, and use the AirPort (in bridge mode) for your private wireless. If a thing isn’t functioning or your modem dies, they will offer free of charge support — nicely, the absolutely free support” you’re paying for — and replace it for you.
This cable modem is DOCSIS 3.-compliant and is compatible with key U.S. ISPs, like Cablevision, Comcast, Optimum, and and Time Warner Cable (the latter was employed for testing in this critique). This router boasts the full energy of Netgear’s Nighthawk R7000 and then some, generating it a go to if you want maximum speed.
The trick is to protect Every single wired connection into and out the gear you want to defend eg a property theatre system or laptop or computer setup: this incorporates the ADSL line, the dial-up modem line, phone lines, fax lines, cable modem cable, antenna feed, CATV/Foxtel feed, networking cables & mains energy lines for all devices.… Read More
Possessing a seamless and rapidly world-wide-web connection is a need to for most homes, and with the wide range of routers and networking accessories readily available it really is under no circumstances been easy to super-speed your household. Directions for placing your modem/router combo device in bridge mode will differ broadly by ISP and device. If you have an ADSL Modem (PCI/USB) and not an ADSL Modem/Router (Ethernet) then you can skip section five.five onwards as most of it does not apply. Putting the wireless router as close to the middle of the house as achievable will supply the most effective coverage.
If you have a cable modem and you have only one RJ-45, Ethernet port, then get a tiny router (not a wireless one particular) and you can have Magic Jack PLUS and have the laptop or computer on or off. It should be noted, however, that you can’t use a 56K modem as your ADSL modem. The Arris Motorola SB6183 DOCSIS 3. modem has download speeds twice as quickly as the SB6141, despite the fact that you might or might not be capable to make use of that additional speed. This inroad into my private network was in no way talked about by Comcast in any of the documentation suggestion I upgrade modems. So if you definitely want to make certain you happen to be constantly connected to the globe, get a second (applied) modem as a spare.
i invite all members to take a look at this our new home https://renaultkadjarforum.com/ we are moving to a better side of the street See you all There. if your having trouble registering look for the activation email in your spam folder Shedder101
Thank you for visiting reneri836480.freehostplace.com (the "Web Site") and reviewing our Privacy Policy. Your privacy is important to us, and our policy is simple: we will collect no personally identifiable information about you when you visit the Web Site unless you choose to provide that information. This Privacy Policy does not describe information collection practices on other sites, including those linked to or from the Web Site.
The server on which the Web Site is located collects and saves only the default information customarily logged by web server software. Such information may include the date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, and the pages and images requested.
We partner with a limited number of third party behavioral advertising companies. In some cases, these companies serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit the Web Site. The Web Site and third party advertisers may use cookies, a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website, to collect non-personal information (name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements of interest to you on the Web Site, other sites, and other forms of media.
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.
We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services.
When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, we require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services.
The Web Site processes personal information on servers in the United States of America. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country.
If you would like to know more about these practices and your choices about not having this information used to target ads to you, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp or the Digital Advertising Alliance at aboutads.info.
From now on, in order to fill my lack of meaningful activity, I’ll try to review some of the cool stuff I found in internet every week. I hope this post somehow inspires you, or simply makes you say “Shut up, and take my money!.” So here are the coolest stuff you can get this week.
Posted on November 27, 2013 March 20, 2016 Categories CollectionTags reviewLeave a comment on Quirky Product Review #1
Our large range of cars can be provided in automatics or manual and we stock everything from economy cars all the way up to luxury car rental.
We have a wide fleet of vans ranging from small vans up to Luton vans with a tail lift. Our vans are capable of transporting large loads and will get the job done reliably.
Our self-drive minibuses include 9, 12, 15 and 17 seaters. They are reliable and have room to store luggage. Provided in automatic and manual transmission.
We supply large truck rental ranging from 3.5 Tonne Tipper Transits to 44 Tonne Sleeper Trucks. For information on licences and availability please call us.
Vaca Cove is a brand new, sparkling development with great, deep water dockage, privacy, views, kayaks and gas grills for each unit, swimming pool, hot tubs for each unit, hi speed wireless internet and 5 flat screen TV’s in each home and one Blu Ray player. 50″ LED TV in the living area, 32″ in each bedroom. Under cover parking for 3 vehicles at each unit. The units face Shelter Bay with direct Ocean and Gulf access.
Very unique and cozy, small compound with all the amenities for a rich and rewarding stay in Paradise.
Lushly landscaped grounds with two homes on the east side….(cottage A and cottage B). These two homes each have their own dock (A for up to a 30′ boat and B for up to a 60′ boat), 1 Double kayak, hot tubs and they share a bait freezer and a fish cleaning table. Approximately 1800 sq ft per unit.
The other five homes are on the west side of the property and each have 40′ of dockage, gas grill, and they share a bait freezer and fish cleaning table. There is water and 110 electric to the dock area’s with the main dock being fully lit at night. There is a kayak launch in between the two dock area’s.
There are a total of seven single family homes. Each home has 4 bedrooms, with 2 king beds, 1 Queen, 2 Twins and a pull out couch for an extra guest. The homes all have an outdoor private hot tub that has been situated in such a manner that they offer privacy. Granite counter tops, stainless kitchens…..and three bath’s per home.
There is a lovely pool that is 33 X 33 with a sitting bench at the 3′ end. The deep end is 4′ 6″. There is a lovely tiki hut if you want to get out of the sun on the south end of the pool, a sandy area to lounge in if you prefer the sun, and an outside shower for your convenience.
The G cottage has the ultimate views form the living area’s and master bedroom. From the patio it is breathtaking. The F cottage has lovely views as well. Cottages C thru E have less of a view, but still have nice views of Bonefish Bay and are priced slightly lower.
This unit (C) is priced at $3,000/wk with all holidays and lobster weeks at $3400/wk. **Summer Special 5/1 to 12/1/17 $2700/wk**
If you are interested in renting this item, click the "Add To Quote" button below and then submit the Quote Form. We will respond to your request as soon as possible.
Below are ideas for interior designing your rental room, apartment, hdb flat, etc. Enjoy & have fun interior designing your rented room
Choose a lighter color room or if you really like the room and its location, try to ask your landlord if you can repaint the room to a lighter color. You walls should be lighter color and one tone while your ceiling can be slightly darker in color to create the illusion of depth for your room
Have small furniture or items in your rental room which are light and can be easily move. So that when you need to move to a new rental room or apartment, its easier for you
To make your room look bigger, another trick is to have curtains or blinds hang from the ceiling to your floor. This will make your room look higher. You can see most condo show flats apply this interior design method as well to give their room more height
Use lights or lamps to your advantage. Try to create small different spaces where possible with small rugs
Try to use only one big painting or picture as one of your focal point. You can also put up many smaller pictures but try to put them all together into one area of a wall
Try to de-clutter your unused items and have more hanging storage space for your stuffs in your rental room if possible. And you can also make use of the spaces below your chair as well and below you bed space as well
Do share your own rental room, apartment or hdb flat, etc interior design ideas and tips as well below in the comments box
This video provides step-by-step instructions for replacing the drum support roller on Maytag dryers. The most common reasons for replacing the drum support roller are when the dryer makes noise, stops turning during the cycle, or won’t turn at all.
All of the information for this roller replacement video is applicable to the following brands: Maytag, Jenn Air, Crosley
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009
Under the 'More' menu you can find metadata about the item, any transcription and translation we have of the text and find out about downloading or sharing this image.
Freya in the Garden of Soul is an episode-based surrealist novel that I decided to publish online as I go along with the writing process. It focuses on the journey of more…
Posted on Tuesday February 20th, 2018 Friday February 23rd, 2018 AuthorDaniel AlexanderLeave a comment
The double-troublemaker Young Valentine finally releases his debut album. Besides the fact that the whole project is a badass manifesto of limits pushing and bursts in free-speech expression, the electronic more…
Posted on Monday February 12th, 2018 Wednesday February 14th, 2018 AuthorDaniel AlexanderLeave a comment
Posted on Saturday February 10th, 2018 Saturday February 10th, 2018 AuthorDaniel AlexanderLeave a comment
The trailer for Lemonade, the first feature independent drama of director Ioana Uricaru (The Witness, short-film, 2012) has just been released. The leading role is played by Malina Manovici (Graduation, 2016). more…
Bad Galaxy, the latest album of New-York-based musician Alexis Pastuhov, is a soft, mind-clearing set of 10 tracks written and performed with only one apparent purpose in mind – to more…
Posted on Wednesday February 7th, 2018 Wednesday February 7th, 2018 AuthorDaniel AlexanderLeave a comment
Răzvan Dima is a photographer based in Bucharest, Romania. His activity crawls around the idea of being the judgy witness, pointing his finger at the wrong-doings happening around him and more…
Golan’s music video for ‘Zenith’ (from Intro album, 2017) is stunningly put together, an ode to hard-work and the isolation needed to succeed. Starring Anda Butuc, the short-film was directed more…
Posted on Saturday February 3rd, 2018 Saturday February 3rd, 2018 AuthorDaniel AlexanderLeave a comment
Pieces, the third track on Saluna’s newly released project, has been recently blessed with video. Filmed entirely on the Bucharest’s underground nightlife background, the music video was directed by Raya more…
Conceptual artist Ștefan Șerbănescu pressed pause on paintbrush and charcoal, replacing graphics with graphic photography. His new, ongoing series of brilliant still life imagery mixes nudity with vegetal and animal more…
Posted on Tuesday January 23rd, 2018 Saturday January 27th, 2018 AuthorDaniel AlexanderLeave a comment
Alina Noir, Romanian author and photographer currently based in Montreal, Canada, just released a new photo-series of unexpected scenaries featuring nude people in the comfort of their homes. The pictures more…
We are an English & Romanian unconventional magazine. We promote unusual art and underground artists or events since 2014. We give a boost to the
We're always up to connect with people. If you want your recent artworks or projects featured on our webzine or on our bilunar issues, you can send us an e-mail or upload your art via submissions form directly on the website.
In order to raise awareness of motorcyclists on Britain’s roads I would like to propose that anyone wishing to drive a car should have to pass a minimum CBT and have that for 2 years before being able to drive a car. You don't wake up one morning without a licence and decide to drive a truck, you have to drive a car first. Even worse there is not one motorcycle related question in the driving theory. With this in mind I am not suggesting this to reduce population I am simply trying to raise awaerness to the car driver and by completing a CBT or restricted licence it gives you an idea of how vulnerable a motorcycle is and that you will be more aware when driving a car. As many as 7,004 bikers and their pillions lost their lives between 1999 and 2010.
You can't sign this petition because it has now closed. But you can still give your opinion on it here at Repetition.me!
Repetition.me is an independent website and is not endorsed the government. Comments you make on petitions using this site have no official standing. You cannot sign government e-petitions using this website.
Sort threads by: Last message time Thread creation time Title (alphabetical) Number of replies Number of views First message likes
Density is the ratio of mass to volume and often (though not always) one of the easiest physical properties of a substance to measure. Introductory chemistry labs often feature an exercise where the mass of an object is determined using an analytical balance or somesuch and the volume is determined by displacement (often in a graduated cylinder).
In certain of my teen-aged sons' circles it's in fashion to write in public - to take your notebook (computer or spiral bound) and head to the local coffee shop. You can write the scene while being seen. Personally, I write in public as a last resort. Last week, while waiting to meet a friend for coffee I did haul out my iPad to see if I could inhale some of the fumes of caffeine and inspiration wafting around and some first thoughts for a column hammered out. No coffee for me, hot chocolate - with a serious mound of whipped cream on top.
While I'm all for decadence when it comes to chocolate, hot or otherwise, the whipped cream was a practical touch. My friend is notoriously late, and I wanted the chocolate to stay hot until he arrived.
The ability of a material to conduct thermal energy - heat - depends to some extent on its density. On a molecular level, heat transfer is mostly about collisions between molecules. If you are a molecule with lots of thermal energy, you are generally stuck with it all until you collide with another molecule!
Air at 20oC (68oF) feels warm (yes, I know it's about 3oC here right now, but a girl can dream, can't she?) while water at the same temperature feels refreshingly cool. Water is about a thousand times denser than air, so there are many more molecules in contact with your body surface. The more molecules boucing off a surface, the more opportunities there are for energy transfer. If you're hot, you'll get cooler faster by fully immersing yourself than by standing in a cool room. Conversely, if you want something to stay hot, surround it with air, not water. Air is a good thermal insulator, relative to water, because it is far less dense.
The whipped cream atop my hot chocolate is full of air, which lowers the density and so it floats on top of the cocoa. Heat transfer to the airy cream isn't very efficient due to the low density. Since the air trapped inside the cream isn't moving around (and thereby not presenting fresh molecules to take away the energy presently in the liquid in my cup), the system quickly equilibrates, with most of the heat in the system staying there.
Trapped air (or other gas) is a great insulator, but trapped nothingness works even better. Put my cocoa into a vacuum chamber and it should stay nice and toasty (though there would be other complications - but that is another post!).
Even after 25 years, I teach everything from intro chem to graduate courses - as do all my colleagues, even the one who just retired from teaching after 53 years!
As a young professional chemist, I owe most of my enthusiasm and love for my trade to my experienced and knowledgeable teachers throughout high school and college. Thanks for what you do.
need help saving money use this free blank monthly budget worksheet to you find new ways save and cutback on your spending printable budgeting worksheets.
free printable money management worksheets budgeting and skills,free money management skills worksheets budgeting printable for grade unique idiom worksheet image,free money budgeting worksheets how to teach kids budget their printable management,money management worksheets for teenagers the best image free skills printable budgeting,free money management skills worksheets printable library download and print on budgeting,free printable money budgeting worksheets management a skills activities,free money management skills worksheets budgeting printable library download and print on,free money budgeting worksheets management best bud tips on printable skills,free money management skills worksheets printable budgeting this financial goals worksheet will keep you on track projects to,free money budgeting worksheets printable management 7 skills.
Description: An application error occurred on the server. The current custom error settings for this application prevent the details of the application error from being viewed remotely (for security reasons). It could, however, be viewed by browsers running on the local server machine.
Details: To enable the details of this specific error message to be viewable on remote machines, please create a <customErrors> tag within a "web.config" configuration file located in the root directory of the current web application. This <customErrors> tag should then have its "mode" attribute set to "Off".
Hashimoto's Encephalopathy is a rare autoimmune disease associated with Hashimoto's thyroiditis. It was first described in 1966. It is sometimes referred to as a neuroendocrine disorder, although the condition's relationship to the endocrine system is widely disputed. It is recognized as a rare disease by the NIH Genetic and Rare Diseases Information Center.[1]
Up to 2005 there were almost 200 published case reports of this disease. Between 1990 and 2000 43 cases were published. Since that time, research has expanded and numerous cases are being reported by scientists around the world, suggesting that this rare condition is likely to have been significantly undiagnosed in the past. Over 100 scientific articles on Hashimoto's Encephalopathy were published between 2000 and 2013.[2]
The first case of HE was described by Brain et al. in 1966.[3] The patient was a 48-year-old man with hypothyroidism, multiple episodes of encephalopathy, stroke-like symptoms and Hashimoto’s thyroiditis confirmed by elevated anti-thyroid antibodies.
A relapsing encephalopathy occurring in association with Hashimoto's thyroiditis, with high titers of anti-thyroid antibodies. Clinically, the condition may present one or more symptoms. Onset is often gradual and may go unnoticed by the patient and close associates to the patients. Symptoms sometimes resolve themselves within days to weeks, leaving a patient undiagnosed. For many other patients, the condition may result in ongoing problems with a variety of manifestations, often confusing clinicians due to the diffuse nature of symptoms.
The prevalence has been estimated to be 2.1/100,000[4] with a male to female ratio of 1:4. The mean age of onset is 44 with 20% of cases presenting before the age of 18 years. Most reported cases occur during the patient's fifth decade of life.
The mechanism of pathogenesis is not known but it has been hypothesized to be an autoimmune disorder, similar to Hashimoto's thyroiditis as its name suggests.
Consistent with this hypothesis autoantibodies to alpha-enolase have been found to be associated with Hashimoto's encephalopathy.[5] Since enolase is the penultimate step in glycolysis, if it were inhibited (for example by being bound by autoantibodies) one would expect decreased energy production by each cell, leading to resulting atrophy of the affected organ.
This would occur most likely through each cell shrinking in size in response to the energy deficit (and/or in extreme situations from some cells dying via either apoptosis or necrosis, depending on location.[6] This may occur as a result of there not being enough ATP to maintain cellular functions: notably failure of the Na/K ATPase, resulting in a loss of the gradient to drive the Na/Ca antiporter which normally keeps Ca2+ out of cells so that it does not build to toxic levels that will rupture cell lysosomes leading to apoptosis. An additional feature of a low energy state is failure to maintain axonal transport via Dynein/Kinesin ATPases, which in many diseases results in neuronal injury to both the brain and/or periphery).[7]
Very little is known about the pathology of HE. Post-mortem studies of some individuals have shown lymphocytic vasculitis of venules and veins in the brain-stem and a diffuse gliosis involving gray matter more than white matter.
As mentioned above, autoantibodies to alpha-enolase are associated with Hashimoto's encephalopathy have thus far been the most hypothesized mechanism of injury.[5]
Thyroid antibodies - both anti-thyroid peroxidase antibodies (anti-TPO, anti-thyroid microsomal antibodies, anti-M) and antithyroglobulin antibodies (anti-Tg) - in the disease are elevated but their levels do not correlate with the severity.
Electroencephalogram studies, while almost always abnormal (98% cases), are usually nondiagnostic. The most common findings are diffuse or generalized slowing or frontal intermittent rhythmic delta activity. Prominent triphasic waves, focal slowing, epileptiform abnormalities, photoparoxysmal and photomyogenic responses may be seen.[citation needed]
Other forms of autoimmune encephalitis, including forms of limbic encephalitis such as anti-NMDA receptor encephalitis
Because most patients respond to steroids or immunosuppressant treatment, this condition is now also referred to as steroid-responsive encephalopathy.
Initial treatment is usually with oral prednisone (50–150 mg/day) or high dose IV methylprednisolone (1 g/day) for 3–7 days. Thyroid hormone treatment is also included if required.
Failure of some patients to respond to this first line treatment has produced a variety of alternative treatments including azathioprine, cyclophosphamide, chloroquine, methotrexate, periodic intravenous immune globulin and plasma exchange. There have been no controlled trials so the optimal treatment is not known.
Duration of treatment is usually between 2 and 25 years. Earlier reports suggested that 90% of cases stay in remission after discontinuation of treatment, however this is at odds with more recent studies which suggest that relapse commonly occurs after initial high dose steroid treatment.[8][9] Left untreated, it can result in coma and death.
Autoimmune Encephalitis Alliance, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization created in 2012, based in Durham, North Carolina
Västergötland, or Westrogothia, is one of the historical provinces of Sweden. It is located in the south-west of the country, and is part of Västra Götaland County.
This category should house sites that are in English, and relevant to the province rather than the county or any locality therein.
Any content, trademarks, or other material that might be found on the curterszartlyapp website that is not curterszartlyapp property remains the copyright of its respective owners. In no way does curterszartlyapp claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner..
Find and compare interest rates, fees and features of car loans in Warracknabeal (VIC) for 5 years with amount $30 000,00 in banks of Australia
On the very last day of year 2009, Google has updated the pagerank, it’s like a new year gift cause our pagerank has risen from 0 to 4, Good news to me.
Google is undergoing a page rank update, what is your score now? One of my personal blog page rank ran up from 0 to 2; bad news is cuterank.net is still PR 0, I can only wait for the next page rank update now. Please somebody share us some link juice : (
"CuteRank is an easy way to see how your keywords are performing in the top search engines... it does make the process of monitoring keyword effectiveness significantly easier...We recommend this program. "
"Deon Designs has been using CuteRank and we could say that this is one of the best checking website ranking solutions on the market today. Very fast, reliable, easy to use and perfect for export the data." -Deon Designs
"Exellent software! Great whether you run one or more sites. Indispensible as an SEO tool to truly track and tweak your keywords and site position in all of the major search engines. If you are at all involved in managing web sites then try this software. You’ll be pleased." - Rowdy Rhodes
We offer you delicious mature sex Granny Squirt videos with attractive models Squirting Mature Twat Fucked Sexy granny s fat lipped pussy squirting, soaking. Watch Squirting Twat 2 online on YouPorn is the largest Masturbation porn video site with the hottest selection of free, high quality squirting movies.
Boobs , German , Fucking , Pretty , Bathroom. Teen model shows her pussy 02: Once shes wet and ready, our guy flips her over his shoulder and gets that good power bomb 69 action going.
Busty mature squirting while getting twat licked featuring big tits,lesbian,squirting,mature,pussy licking. HD TUBE 1: hairy mature, hairy, mature, mature solo, hairy granny, hairy solo, granny.
18 U.S.C. 2257 Record-Keeping Requirements Compliance Statement. All models were 18 years of age or...
Chris knows there's something out there better for her. She's young, cute, downtrodden (in her opinion) and orphaned; How can she not be destined for greatness? When the chance to prove her worth comes along, she can hardly turn it down... Just a pity the only person she gets for company is a mysterious obnoxious masked fellow who just can't seem to leave her alone. Updates every Tuesday. Please support me on Patreon and help me keep this comic going! http://www.patreon.com/h0lyhandgrenade
I'll just comfort myself with the knowledge that Pokemon Sun and Moon are making another announcement on Thursday.
I reeeeeally just want him to disappear before anyone else comes in and she just cleans up with magic.
Then it turns out that he teleported just before she hit him and she's been savagely beating the king.
So many theories are popping up in my head right now... But the one I had in my mind throughout the entire comic still fits. ^^
@maaari: I was thinking the same thing! U aren't on ur own! I have a theory of my own too. Not gonna say it tho in the event that I'm wrong. But it gets u thinking...did she really think the fair's face was just hideous, or was she shocked to see the face that he was using wasn't his?
November 28 to December 1, 2017 Delta Lodge at Kananaskis, Kananaskis, Alberta Canada’s 150th Anniversary provides a moment to step back and evaluate the major challenges and opportunities around fish, wildlife, and biodiversity conservation. It also provides an opportunity to chart a path forward for innovative actions to ensure abundant wildlife and habitat for future generations. With that goal as the objective, CWF presents the 2017 National Conservation summit, innovating Canada’s approach to the conservation of fish, wildlife and biodiversity.
The following list of events forms the basis of CWF collaboration with partners that connects Canadians to nature at a local, regional and national level, with a view to our nation’s 150th anniversary in 2017.
Access to nature plays a critical role in children’s physical health, cognitive development and emotional well-being—and develops the next generation of environmental and wildlife stewards. The Children &...
Are some humans born evil scientists believe they've identified the genes responsible for high levels of rage and violence - does that make some men evil from birth. Throughout the ages, people have wondered about the basic state of human nature—whether we are good or bad, cooperative or selfish this question—one that is central to who we are—has been. Mencius (c 372—289 bce) better known in china as master meng (chinese: mengzi), mencius was a fourth-century bce chinese thinker whose importance in the confucian tradition is second only to that of confucius himself.
Is man good or is man evil is it human to need god these questions and many others are answered via this website - truth questions - where almost monthly there's a new article coming out. A good is whatever produces pleasure in us, or diminishes evil, and an evil is whatever produces pain or diminishes pleasure in this way, for locke, the ideas of good and evil arise from natural emotive responses to our various ideas. It is very difficult to judge human nature as either good or evil based on mere observation or analysis of the past and the present human nature is very complex, yet it may also be viewed in very simplistic terms.
Are humans basically good or evil the question might be unsound, but an evolutionary view of the human condition needs a coherent story about the moral character of human nature. A good deed may be considered evil by another because it goes against their personal opinion or choice two such examples that can be used are: hitler and his personal deeds, and the muslim way of life. Published: mon, 5 dec 2016 are humans inherently good or evil this argument is controversial because it involves our own species and the nature of us being good or evil and is also very subjective. Notice that he is speaking of a just man, not an evil man or a corrupt man the best citizens among us, those we raise to judgeships and listen to in church, have their own sins, and even in their doing of good, they cannot keep out the taint of sin.
This is a trick question evil is not a measurable trait inherent in an individual, so a person cannot be born with or without it evil is a judgment that one person makes about another's actions. Reaction in my opinion man is neither good nor evil i think it is not only a question if man is good or evil but also a question of what each man thinks is good or evil everyone on this planet has different beliefs and has been educated differently. The question of man's natural propensity to do good or evil or whether man is basically good or evil is answered with many proofs thus establishing the doctrine of man's depravity. There is a free choice to be made here, according to rousseau man may do good or evil distrust of revealed religion natural religion, rousseau, feels, has been tampered with and worship made too ceremonial. Good and evil aren't qualities found in things themselves i can't pull on my scientist's lab coat, adjust the lens on my microscope, place a human being under the glass slide, and discover whether or not that person is good or evil.
If you believe that people are basically good, you are likely to believe that poverty or bigotry or some other outside force causes people to commit violent crime where do good and evil come. Man is innately good, but has the ability to be evil i believe that a majority of people do what they believe to be right whether they are correct or not is another matter. Opposing views : innate good meng tzu (or mencius) was a chinese philosopher, poet, novelist, and statesman today, he is still considered to be the second most important figure in confucianism, with confucius himself being the most important. It has been good to face this question, for we see that when jesus said, 'if you being evil know how to give good gifts to your children', he affirmed the fact that fathers know what is good for their children but that does not mean they are good, for indeed they are not. In my opinion man is neither good nor evil i think it is not only a question if man is good or evil but also a question of what each man thinks is good or evil everyone on this planet has different beliefs and has been educated differently.
If evil or evil actions are not found in seeking the true good and god ultimately is the source of all truth, he himself must be the good and can not be a source of or even be present in the action of seeking a false good (in reality an evil) because evil is a creation of humans succumbing to temptation with god tolerating their freedom to. Are humans inherently good or evil good evil huiwon son, gayon yang contents human are born good man's nature is indifferent to good and evil, just as the. Fundamentally speaking, are humans good or bad it's a question that has repeatedly been asked throughout humanity for thousands of years, philosophers have debated whether we have a basically.
People are basically good - evidence to the contrary by rich deem introduction many present day philosophies and worldviews claim the people are basically good and that bad or immoral behavior is the exception.
Evil does not mean one is out attempting to hurt others or cause harm to society but the nature of man is sin therefore we are evil unclean before god the father but the good news is that evil can be cleansed through our savior jesus christ and the great sacrifice that atoned for our sins to become one with god.
Naturally, it may be used by evil men for evil purposes, but there are more good men than evil, and while the latter cannot be persuaded to the path of righteousness by propaganda, they can certainly be corrected by good men with rifles. Man in itself is born neither good nor evil, nurture and circumstance is what drives someone to swing either way sure, some of it may be down to your dna, some people may be more likely to become evil than good, but in honesty, it's mainly down to the live that person has lived. Of course man is evil karin continues: circumstances sometimes make people do bad things she explains that hitler was an agitator who helped ferment a latent anti-semitism in germany. Society today is very diverse, and that is why i truly cannot believe that people are either good or evil, because people have both of these traits as humans, we live in a society that tells us what is good and evil.
Crane operator Harry Cassel Jr. unloads refrigerated containers from a vessel at Packer Avenue Marine Terminal on February, 15, 2005.
The bonded pair of eagles have returned. The female is on the left, about to fly off, with her mate not far behind.
While the Barbers’ Company looks toward the future, it is very proud of its 700 year history. Throughout this time the Company has looked after the welfare and interests of barbers and surgeons, managed charitable activities and played a prominent role in London civic life, adapting to the challenges of changing times.
Any queries about the Company’s history, archive and current collections should be directed to the Archivist.
The origins of Guilds in medieval Europe date back at least to the twelfth century. People following the same craft or trade tended to live and work near one another and their common concerns led to the development of fraternities to regulate competition, maintain professional standards and to safeguard the spiritual and material welfare of their members. Within London, members of a particular guild could be identified by their distinctive ceremonial dress, or livery, and so these guilds became known as Livery Companies.
The first mention of the Barbers’ Company occurs in 1308 when Richard le Barbour was elected by the Court of Aldermen to keep order amongst his fellows. He was instructed to ‘make diligent search through the whole of his craft every month, and if he shall find any brothel keeper or other disreputable folk to the scandal of the craft, he shall detain them and cause them to be brought before the chamber.’ This Company also included surgeons amongst its number, the first recorded member appearing in 1312. Barbers and surgeons had overlapped in their duties for many years, largely because in the thirteenth century Pope Honorarius III had prohibited all persons in holy orders from practising medicine in any form. Thus barbers in the monasteries, already used to working with sharp blades, began to add minor surgical skills to their repertoire, which in due course were passed on to barbers elsewhere.
Within London a Guild or Fellowship of Surgeons, whose Ordinances were approved in 1435, developed alongside the Barbers’ Company. The Fellowship claimed the right to practise surgery which inevitably led to power struggles and disputes. This was temporarily resolved in 1462 when the Barbers’ Company was granted its first Royal Charter by Edward IV establishing its power to regulate the practice of surgery in London, to maintain professional standards and to stamp out impostors and charlatans.
The respective roles of barbers and surgeons in London were finally defined by an Act of Parliament in 1540 which created the Company of Barbers and Surgeons of London. The Act decreed that no surgeon was to perform the tasks of a barber, and vice versa, but both could continue to draw teeth. The Act of Parliament was most concerned with the professionalisation of the surgeons, granting the Company four bodies from Tyburn each year for the purpose of dissection for anatomical teaching. A grand painting by Holbein commemorates the union of 1540 and still hangs in Barber-Surgeons’ Hall.
The union of the Barbers and Surgeons was never easy to manage and the relationship continued uneasily for 200 years. In 1745, at the request of the surgeons, a Bill was finally passed and the Surgeons left the Company forming what eventually became the Royal College of Surgeons of England.
Prior to the separation the Company was gradually losing its association with barbery, a trend which accelerated after 1745. Although the membership was made up of many different professions, between 1745 and 1919 few surgeons were admitted to the Company. At the institution of the Thomas Vicary Lecture in 1919 the bonds between the Company and the Royal College of Surgeons were re-established and surgeons, including surgeons to the Royal Family and the Royal Household, have been regularly admitted to the Company ever since in memory of the past union.
The Bank of Italy uses its own cookies and third-party cookies to ensure the smooth functioning of its website: for more information and to find out how to disable them, users are invited to read our Privacy Policy. To proceed to a different area of the website or to select an element on a webpage (such as an image or a link) users must first consent to the use of cookies.
Much as I enjoy RuneQuest, no rule system is perfect; and over the years, I've created a number of alternate rules for RuneQuest. Many of these are simply a matter of common sense, and have been independantly re-created by numerous gamers. The Dodge skill is a good example of this: many RQers have a successful Dodge reduce the effect of an opposing blow by one category (i.e. a Critical hit becomes a Special; a Special hit becomes a regular success; and a regular hit becomes a miss). A Special Dodge reduces the opposing blow by two categories, etc.
Okay, I've finally posted an article which probably goes into way too much detail about Dodge. Other rules adaptations and alternate systems are included here as well. I've also posted other articles which don't fit elsewhere on the site.
Why is death so impersonal and undifferentiated in so many campaigns? Here's a list of eighty possible reactions to a mortal wound for your party's opponents.
Another piece I originally worked up for the Gamemaster's Tips community on Google Plus. Railroading, sandboxing, sock-puppetting...the ways in which a starting GM can blunder are legion. Here are some of the most common.
Something I originally worked up for the Gamemaster's Tips community on Google Plus. Flat, lifeless NPCs are far too common. But there are some easy tricks to bringing them to life.
Brilliant as it was, Avalon Hill's RuneQuest II (the definitive edition of RuneQuest as far as I'm concerned) incorporated one serious yet subtle flaw. Here's my solution.
Sheetless roleplaying is an extremely advanced method of roleplaying in which the players don't have character sheets. The gamemaster handles all aspect of the game system. The result is often a campaign of mind-blowing intensity.
A convention is a great way to meet new gamers and have a lot of fun. Here's how to get the most out of them!
The chaotic, tumultuous publishing history of RuneQuest, from its auspicious birth in 1978 to its sundering and unexpected death in 1994 to its strange triple resurrection in 2005 - 2007.
An introduction to the timeless ancestor of computer RPGs, Rogue. Includes the DOS version of the program itself, as well as cheat tips, a saved character, lists of identified items for that character, and a batch file to restore that character (or you can easily modify it to restore a different one). Includes a link to the actual game itself! Updated to fix broken links on April 9, 2012.
This is a handout I made up for a panel I did on Introductory Fan Web Design at Arisia on January 2004. A ready-to-print PDF of the handout is included.
I thought it had been lost for years, but here it is! The original, humorous version of the Party Origins article below. This is more crude than the final version, of course, but it's a very rare example of my humorous writing. And it's also an interesting chance to see the part of the article that was rejected by the editor of White Wolf magazine.
Monty Haul isn't the only awful GM archetype out there; here are ten more. I wrote this article long ago for the Interregnum RPG APA, and somehow it took on a life of its own. I ended up filming a short video, even. And after twenty-three years, it's finally available online!
Strictly speaking this isn't an "alternate" rule; in fact, it's not really even a rule. It's simply three numbered and alphabetized lists of the creatures from the RQ 3 Creatures book. One contains all creatures, one contains sapient corporeals only, and the last is spirits and incorporeals only. I hope they're useful to someone! Includes Gloranthan and non-Gloranthan entries.
A system which allows PCs to create non-standard magic items such as a weapon with a permanent Bladesharp 1, using a simple adaptation of RQ3 rules. This system has been used to create a number of magic items listed on the Chaos Project, but you don't have to use this system to be able to use the items. This system is compatible with Runic Sorcery, but the two systems were created completely independently and are not directly related nor mutually dependentyou could use either, both, or (of course) neither.
How to put together a group of adventurers without resorting to the old "you all meet in a bar and decide to spend the rest of your lives together for no reason" cliche. The best general game design article I've written, I think; White Wolf magazine wanted to publish it, but, well, you can read the rest in the introduction. The Interregnum web site still has this article, but I noticed recently that there are still several web sites that link to it here; it's the most common "Not Found" here. So I'm restoring a copy here, but urge you to go check out the IR web site too.
Many have complained about the sorcery system of RQ3. That may not be entirely fair; RQ sorcery isn't perfect, but there are other rule elements that are much more broken (shamans, for example). Nonetheless, this Runic Sorcery system is designed to provide a challenging and flexible alternative to standard RQ sorcery. It's based in large part on the ideas of a gamer named Bill Moodey.
The system is not in a final form; design notes and alternatives are suggested in italics. It's playable as is, but requires a great deal of imagination and thought from both players and gamemaster. It's based on a fundamental idea of magical "physics", which gives it a more real and tangible feeling than other systems I've tried.
The official Gloranthan position is that Dragonewts should not be used as player characters; at the most, only those that have fallen off the Dragon Path may be considered suitable for play.
I disagree. I myself have run dragonewt characters more than once, and had a great time; I've seen several other gamers do so, too. All that's required is imagination and a quirky sense of humor. The player mustn't take unfair advantage of the considerable advantages that dragonewts possess, but there are many fine gamers with sufficient self-restraintI hope. ;-)
This list of Warrior Dragonewt Effects expands on the list of magical Effects in the RQ3 Glorantha book. I've had a good deal of fun with them, and they work well. Purists who refuse to allow PC dragonewts may still find them useful for NPC dragonewts.
Have you ever just had the worst day ever? Welcome to my week and it's just Wednesday. Work has taken control of my life, I have been pulled in so many directions that I have no idea which way is up, literally. And then I helped move the 2nd born back into the college dorm. I just cannot seem to get caught up. You want some Cheese with that Whine?
I am officially signed up for the 2 halfs that I will run this year... YEA! I will be running the TX/NM Challenge Half Marathon in Hobbs New Mexico on Sat April 23rd. This is their first race ever. And I could not beat the entry fee of $15.00 which includes a pasta dinner Friday night. All finishers will get a medal. Gotta have the BLING! I'm also registered for The Womens Half Marathon in Arizona on November 6th. I don't know about you but until I am registered for a race it is hard for me to focus on my training.
I got an email from Coach Kelly Which is so cool to say! She will have my training schedule ready for me this week. I will be starting it on Sunday. I can honestly say that I am excited and nervous about a new training regiment.
Let's keep our fingers crossed for a better tomorrow and I do believe I will have that glass of Wine!
That's great that you're already registered for 2 halfs - and how can you beat a $15 registration fee?!
I am also considering the full. Yikes! But not until 2012. I think I am going to need a good year to get mentally prepared. Go For It!
Running is the only thing I have that's mine. To go sweat, breathe, cry in the rain, and scream or sing in the woods is why I love running.
Welcome to my CRAZY WORLD as a Half Marathon Runner, Wife and Mom. If you are just passing through I hope you stay awhile; and follow along through my ups and downs, pain and sweat, tears and laughter as I continue my journey to run a Half Marathon in every state. I hope you go away with some motivation or inspiration to LOVE running as much as I do. Okay, Who needs a glass of wine?
Scars are the result of damaged tissue that has healed from a wound. Abdominal adhesions are a type of scar tissue that forms between tissues and organs, often as a result of abdominal infection, trauma, inflammatory conditions and surgeries. [...]
When you’re pregnant you’re making a lot of plans—plans for where you’ll give birth, plans for where [...]
A couple of weeks ago I read an article about a woman in Utah named Angie Hernandez who only realized that [...]
In order to make Cycling Archives more user-friendly, we use cookies. More about cookies, please read here. If you use our site, we assume that you agree. Close X
Attention: placing images and/or texts without authorisation of the author can lead to claims for which you are legally responsible. If you place images/text , you give explicitly authorisation to place these images/texts on the website.
This text will appear on the website with the picture, if you don't have mentioned a copyright or a website):
CyclingQuotes.com uses cookies for statistics and targeting ads. This information is shared with third parties.
The Myanamar Embassy called yesterday regarding Dr. Susott's visa, but he still has to mail it to them before they can grant it....He will NOT be able to get it organized by the 19th as hoped, so we will wait to debrief with you before planning a formal trip.
There are about 30 MD's and others who are interested in volunteering- I am advising them to get their visa's ready so we can make a plan after your return if needed. I am so happy that you are going into the delta tomorrow and cannot wait to hear your report on how we can be of the most service.
She is alluring,versatile and Dubai’s fashionista and cover poster girl for popular magazines “Reshu Malhotra” is not just a stunner, she spreads her oomph and her artistic know how of looking good through the magical strokes of her make up brush too. A popular fashion and style diva of Dubai in the Asian community, a very popular & award winning beauty blogger and an established trained MakeUp artist with a Midas touch in Bridal Make up. She has been featured as Fashion Diva, Make-up Artist and style icon in reputed magazines like Film fare Middle East, Ahlan Masala, and The Fact Abu Dhabi, a popular and must have invitee to many Fashion Show events in Dubai. A makeup artist with a decade of experience in the beauty industry has worked on amazing fashion shows, television shows, films and commercials. Her credits include Label 24, Tia Fashions, Amber Design Collections, Tima Fashions, Aara, Jaquar fashion show, Leisure al A Mode , IIAP, Art Nations, IIFA fashion show,Miss India UAE & Great Women Awards.
Besides above she has been a much sought makeup artist to many celebrities visiting Dubai like, Bipasha Basu, Kalki Koechlin, Shriya saran, Pooja salvi, Ileana De Cruz, Harsh Deep Kaur, Divya Khosla, The Ace Couturier Archana Kochhar and Bhoomi Trivedi and so on and so forth.She has also been on Judge Panel of Art Nations to evaluate the best makeup artist and Filmfare hottie event to judge the best hottie. She also has been featured as beauty expert in CNN’s special middle east broad cast on beauty trends and a GLAMBOX promotional DIY videos on Makeup trends with GIVENCHY make up products
Perfectly skilled in the art of makeup from the reputed institutes like, London MakeUp School, ESMOD Dubai, Makeup Forever and a certified skin consultant from Dermalogica .Her work has been noteworthy & eye catching from high fashion circles to prestigious red carpet events in the country. As a lively makeup artiste she with her passionate strokes magically transforms a woman on her The Special Day, and has an art of giving a celebrity look to a common girl and woman.
She has a growing and ardent fan following across all active social media and is a much sought and glamorous personality in any given fashion & lifestyle social event
Thank you dear for visiting my blog .Glad to hear your positive feedback . I would love to hear from you again
Wow !! I am in love with the dress you are wearing ! You are really a gorgeous lady. Followed your blog. I am sure I would find interesting things in future Love you ! xx
Hey thank you darling , You just made my day .You have got an amazing blog too .Loads of love and best wishes to u
You are stunning Reshu , I love your blog . Your make up skills are just fantabulous. I wish i can learn makeup from you some day. An honest confession. You are just fabulous and i am your huge Fan, eveything you say , I try it always..Love Minal,
difficulties with your RSS. I don’t understand the reason why I am unable to join it. Is there anybody else getting the same RSS issues? Anybody who knows the answer will you kindly respond? Thanx!!
I can’t say I know much about make up, except how wonderful it can a womans confidence shine. Sometimes I wish it was common that men could use it, surely we could use the help :-).
Thank you for your kind words and visiting my little blog. The world get’s smaller everyday between using the internet and being a travel professional. Dubai is on my bucket list and who knows maybe someday we might actually say hello in person. Glenn
Greetings! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could locate a captcha plugin for my comment form?
I usually do not even know how I ended up right here, but I thought this submit was fantastic. I will not know who that you are but certainly you’re proceeding with a renowned blogger in the event you are not presently 😉 Cheers!
I’m no longer certain the place you are getting your info, however good topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or figuring out more. Thank you for great info I was in search of this info for my mission.
As a Beginner, I am regularly seeking on-line for articles or blog posts that may assist me. Thank you
You are an amazing artist, I have been a huge fan of your work from the time you did my frnds makeup on her wedding. I wish you were in london , i could have learned so much from you. Love your article too.
Good news, we are giving you the “BEST MOMENT AWARD“. Congratulations and enjoy the rest of the day!
Thank you so much dear for your kind nomination. It means’s alot to get nominated for inspiring blogger award twice .I am truly humbled
Thank you so much for visiting, I am glad that you found my blog interesting so far.. Looking forward to welcome you everytime you visit here 😀
Thank you for visiting my blog Subhan. hahah, not really ..Well keep discovering, I shall visit your blog now.
Reshu, you have so many great tips to share, on behalf of the blogoshere, we all appreciate and thank you for your dedication, and revealing the inherent beauty in all of us. Love your blog!
Thank you so much dear for stopping at my blog. Your kind Words means alot to me. I always say that we should be doing what we love n we should love what we do, So its my passion n love for my work n love from you all that keeps me going. Thank you from the bottom of my heart..n judt to let you know i have visited your blog too and i loved it,Thank you for being such a wonderful blogger
Thanks Reshu, you are a divine being, beautiful in every way God intended. I am grateful to have found you and look forward to knowing you further.
Thank you so much, You are such a sweet person.I am so glad that you liked my blog so much ..I love your blog too, You are great writer.
An amazing weblog post, I simply given this onto a university student who turned into doing somewhat analysis on that. And he of course purchased me breakfast because I discovered it for him. smile.. So let me rephrase that: Thanks for the treat! But yeah Thnx for taking the time to debate this, I feel strongly about it and love studying more on this topic. If possible, as you turned into expertise, would you mind updating your weblog with more information? It is vitally beneficial for me. Massive thumb up for this blog publish!
I’d like to thank you for the efforts you’ve put in writing this website. I’m hoping to view the same high-grade blog posts from you later on as well. In truth, your creative writing abilities has motivated me to get my own site now 😉
Hmm Well I was just searching on yahoo and just came across your site, in general I just only visit websites and retrieve my needed info but this time the useful info that you posted in this post urged me to post here and appreciate your diligent work. I just bookmarked your site. Thank you again.
Very well written story. It will be beneficial to anybody who utilizes it, including me. Keep up the good work – can’r wait to read more posts.
It is the best time to make some plans for the future and it’s time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I want to suggest you few fascinating issues or tips. Perhaps you could write next articles relating to this article. I desire to read more things approximately it!
Youre so cool! I dont suppose Ive read something like this before. So nice to find anyone with some unique ideas on this subject. realy thank you for beginning this up. this web site is one thing that’s wanted on the web, someone with just a little originality. useful job for bringing one thing new to the web!
A lot of thanks for your entire effort on this web site. My daughter takes pleasure in making time for investigations and it’s easy to understand why. Almost all learn all relating to the dynamic ways you convey rewarding steps through the website and as well encourage response from some other people on that idea then our daughter has been becoming educated a lot of things. Have fun with the rest of the new year. You’re the one doing a superb job.
I was more than happy to seek out this net-site.I wished to thanks in your time for this glorious read!! I definitely enjoying every little little bit of it and I’ve you bookmarked to take a look at new stuff you blog post.
I’m searching both for web logs that provide unbiased, nicely balanced commentary on advertising on the internet ways. Can you recommend quite a few? Thanks a ton..
You could certainly see your expertise within the paintings you write. The sector hopes for even more passionate writers such as you who aren’t afraid to mention how they believe. Always follow your heart. “The point of quotations is that one can use another’s words to be insulting.” by Amanda Cross.
I like what you guys are up too. Such intelligent work and reporting! Keep up the superb works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to my blogroll. I think it will improve the value of my site :). “Blessed is he who has found his work let him ask no other blessedness.” by Thomas Carlyle.
[…]Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a handful of unrelated data, nonetheless genuinely really worth taking a search, whoa did a single discover about Mid East has got additional problerms as well […]
I got what you will, thanks for putting up. Woh I am gladsome to deed this website through google. Thanks For Share ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
It’s hard to seek out educated individuals on this topic, however you sound like you understand what you’re speaking about! Thanks
I like this blog very much so much superb information. “The highest proof of virtue is to possess boundless power without abusing it.” by Lord Macaulay.
Aw, this was a really nice post. In idea I would like to put in writing like this additionally – taking time and actual effort to make a very good article… but what can I say… I procrastinate alot and by no means seem to get something done.
I’d should talk to anyone right here. Which can be not really one thing When i commonly perform! I like studying a post that can get individuals to imagine. Also, thanks intended for permitting myself to thoughts!
Simply a smiling visitor here to share the love (:, btw outstanding design and style . “He who will not reason is a bigot he who cannot is a fool and he who dares not is a slave.” by Sir William Drummond.
I’m impressed, I must say. Really rarely do I encounter a blog that’s both educative and entertaining, and let me tell you, you have hit the nail on the head. Your idea is outstanding; the issue is something that not enough people are speaking intelligently about. I am very happy that I stumbled across this in my search for something relating to this.
Thanks for an unbelievable publish, would examine your others reviews. many thanks for your ideas within this, I felt somewhat thump by this post. Many thanks again! You make a great moment. Has wonderful facts here. I feel that if more individuals consideration for it like this, they’d have got a better moment in time get the hold ofing the situation.
Right web development along with progress solutions want the proper up-to-date options for a cutting-edge style.
How prolonged did it take you to create this astounding subject material? I can?ˉt picture the focus and patience it took to place this information and facts together.
Helpful information. Lucky me I found your site by chance, and I am shocked why this coincidence didn’t happened earlier! I bookmarked it.
I like this post, enjoyed this one thanks for putting up. “When you make a world tolerable for yourself, you make a world tolerable for others.” by Anais Nin.
I like the helpful information you provide in your articles. I will bookmark your weblog and check again here frequently. I am quite certain I’ll learn many new stuff right here! Best of luck for the next!
Wow, incredible blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is magnificent, as well as the content!. Thanks For Your article about ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra .
Hmm it seems like your blog ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I submitted and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any tips and hints for beginner blog writers? I’d certainly appreciate it.
Hi there, this is actually a great post. You get my vote for ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra and I will bookmark this website now.
[…]always a large fan of linking to bloggers that I appreciate but don?t get quite a bit of link appreciate from[…]
I usually do not write a great deal of responses, however I browsed a few of the remarks on ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra. I do have 2 questions for you if you tend not to mind. Is it just me or do a few of the remarks come across like they are coming from brain dead visitors? And, in case you are writing at other sites, I would love to follow you. Would you post a list of the complete urls of all your social networking sites just like your twitter feed, Facebook page or linkedin profile?
Hi there, Its a pleasure to hear frm u.I am glaD that you found my blog interesting, you can subscribe to my blog to get the updates or you can email me at reshumalhotra.makeover@gmail.com, lOOKING FORWARD TO HEAR FROM YOU.
Hello! I just would like to give a huge thumbs up for the great info you have here on this post. I will be coming back to your blog for more soon.
That is very fascinating, You’re an overly skilled blogger. I’ve joined your feed and look ahead to in quest of extra of your magnificent post. Additionally, I’ve shared your site in my social networks!
My brother suggested I might like this web site. He was entirely right. This post truly made my day. You cann’t imagine simply how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!
[…]that may be the end of this post. Right here you will uncover some websites that we think you will value, just click the hyperlinks over[…]
I carry on listening to the news update talk about getting free online grant applications so I have been looking around for the best site to get one. Could you advise me please, where could i acquire some?
Thank you for this article. That’s all I can say. You most definitely have made this blog into something special. You clearly know what you are doing, you’ve covered so many bases.Thanks!
I think other website owners should take this site as an model, very clean and superb user genial style and design . “It is the sign of a week mind to be unable to bear wealth.” by Seneca.
Good write-up, I’m normal visitor of one’s site, maintain up the nice operate, and It’s going to be a regular visitor for a long time. “He who seizes the right moment is the right man.” by Johann von Goethe.
I appreciate, cause I found exactly what I was looking for. You’ve ended my 4 day long hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye
Great awesome issues here. I¡¦m very happy to see your article. Thank you a lot and i am having a look ahead to touch you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail?
hope you never stop! This is one of the best blogs I have ever read. You have got some mad skill here, man. I just hope that you dont lose your style because youre definitely one of the coolest bloggers out there. Please keep it up because the internet needs someone like you spreading the word.
I seriously love your site.. Pleasant colors & theme. Did you create this site yourself? Please reply back as I’m wanting to create my very own site and want to learn where you got this from or what the theme is named. Thanks!
Reading this blog always makes me feel like not only have I gotten my daily dose of pretty, but that I’m not the only one who ponders the groceries vs shoes fashion thing.
I think this is one of the most significant information for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But wanna remark on some general things, The web site style is ideal, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers
Hi!I’m following your internet internet site for some days now. I’ve to say that it is extremely easy to test out . It’s additional in my favourite checklist and i will try to track it habitually. Thanks for the nice posts . On top of that, i honestly like your template as well as the way you’ve structured your web page . Is it achievable to inform me the name of your template ? Thank you
Yay google is my world beater helped me to find this great website ! . “Universities incline wits to sophistry and affectation.” by Francis Bacon.
An interesting discussion is worth comment. I think that you should write more on this topic, it might not be a taboo subject but generally people are not enough to speak on such topics. To the next. Cheers
I have been browsing online more than 3 hours these days, but I never discovered any interesting article like yours. It’s lovely value sufficient for me. Personally, if all website owners and bloggers made excellent content as you did, the web will likely be a lot more useful than ever before. “Dreams have as much influence as actions.” by Stephane Mallarme.
This short article had been definitely a really great go through. My partner and i had been impressed by the articles on this article. I can not delay to determine what in addition you’ve got available for us. We are definitely awaiting your following article. Thank you pertaining to discussing!
fantastic points altogether, you simply gained a brand new reader. What would you recommend in regards to your post that you made a few days ago? Any positive?
Good – I should definitely pronounce, impressed with your web site. I had no trouble navigating through all the tabs as well as related information ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it in the least. Reasonably unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or anything, website theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Nice task..
Some genuinely terrific work on behalf of the owner of this internet site, perfectly great subject material.
We’re a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your web site offered us with valuable info to work on. You have done a formidable job and our entire community will be thankful to you.
Heya i’m for the very first time here. I located this board and I find It truly helpful & it helped me out considerably. I hope to present 1 thing once more and help others like you aided me.
I every time spent my half an hour to read this webpageís articles all the time along with a mug of coffee.
I’ll right away clutch your rss as I can’t to find your e-mail subscription hyperlink or newsletter service. Do you’ve any? Kindly permit me recognize in order that I may subscribe. Thanks.
excellent points altogether, you simply received a emblem new reader. What might you recommend about your put up that you simply made some days ago? Any sure?
What i don’t understood is actually how you are not really much more well-liked than you might be right now. You’re very intelligent. You realize thus significantly relating to this subject, made me personally consider it from numerous varied angles. Its like men and women aren’t fascinated unless it is one thing to accomplish with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs excellent. Always maintain it up!
Should you prefer a minor supplemental income out of your web-site, Twitting bill or Myspace the Amazon Acquaintances plan might just be finished . for you. Your profit from making use of this technique depends on you and facilities of your discount web pages. In case you have some extremely dynamic niche web pages you are wanting to profit from along with a big and devoted Myspace pursuing it is possible to earn a living off all by using this software on it’s own.
I thought it was going to be some boring old publish, but it genuinely compensated for my time. I will publish a link to this page on my blog. I’m confident my visitors will discover that quite valuable
Valuable information. Lucky me I found your site by accident, and I am shocked why this accident did not happened earlier! I bookmarked it.
I’ll right away grasp your rss feed as I can not to find your email subscription hyperlink or newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly permit me realize so that I may just subscribe. Thanks.
[…]always a massive fan of linking to bloggers that I love but don?t get a great deal of link love from[…]
It is difficult to get knowledgeable men and women with this subject, and you appear to be what happens you might be dealing with! Thanks
It’s hard to find knowledgeable people on this topic, but you sound like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks
Normally I do not learn article on blogs, however I would like to say that this write-up very forced me to take a look at and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thanks, very great article.
I am really glad I’ve found this information. Today bloggers publish just about gossips and net and this is really annoying. A good blog with interesting content, this is what I need. Thank you for keeping this web-site, I will be visiting it. Do you do newsletters? Cant find it.
Very interesting topic , regards for posting . “Everything in the world may be endured except continued prosperity.” by Johann von Goethe.
I’m pretty curious as to where this writer realized to compose. This writing is quite outstanding and gripping. I hope this author post much more informative articles considerably like this one. They are utterly wonderful.
Regards for helping out, great information. “Considering how dangerous everything is, nothing is really very frightening.” by Gertrude Stein.
Simply a smiling visitor here to share the love (:, btw great design and style . “Audacity, more audacity and always audacity.” by Georges Jacques Danton.
Woah! I’m really digging the template/theme of this site. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very hard to get that perfect balance between usability and appearance. I must say that you’ve done a very good job with this. In addition, the blog loads super quick for me on Firefox. Exceptional Blog!
ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra I was suggested this blog by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my difficulty. You are amazing! Thanks! your article about ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra Best Regards Veronica Agata
Thank you, I’ve just been searching for info about this topic for a while and yours is the greatest I’ve discovered till now. But, what in regards to the conclusion? Are you positive concerning the supply?
I am glad to be one of several visitors on this outstanding internet site (:, thanks for putting up.
Thanks for an unbelievable submit, would study your particular others reviews. thank you your thinking within this, I experienced a bit struck by this post. Many thanks again! You commit a great point. Portrays natures best by the great info here. I feel that when a greater number thought about it like that, they’d possess a better time frame get the grasp ofing the situation.
Regards for all your efforts that you have put in this. very interesting information. “There are some defeats more triumphant than victories.” by Michel Eyquem de Montaigne.
Real wonderful information can be found on blog . “Preach not to others what they should eat, but eat as becomes you, and be silent.” by Epictetus.
I feel this is among the such a lot vital info for me. And i’m happy studying your article. However want to observation on few basic issues, The web site taste is great, the articles is in reality nice :D. Excellent job, cheers.
Wow, wonderful blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your web site is great, as well as the content!. Thanks For Your article about ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra .
I’ve been surfing on-line more than three hours lately, yet I by no means discovered any attention-grabbing article like yours. It is beautiful price enough for me. In my view, if all webmasters and bloggers made excellent content material as you did, the internet can be much more useful than ever before.
Some genuinely nice and useful info on this website, besides I believe the pattern holds excellent features.
There are some interesting points in time on this article however I don’t know if I see all of them middle to heart. There is some validity however I will take hold opinion until I look into it further. Good article , thanks and we would like extra! Added to FeedBurner as well
That is the best weblog for anyone who wants to seek out out about this topic. You notice a lot its nearly hard to argue with you (not that I really would need…HaHa). You definitely put a new spin on a subject thats been written about for years. Nice stuff, just nice!
This is a truly good site post. Not every visitor would look at it from that angle, the way you just did. I am glad that there is so much information about this subject that have been uncovered and you did it so well, with true class. If wanted to know more about green smoke reviews, than by all means come in and check our stuff.
I am usually to blogging and i really appreciate your content. The article has really peaks my interest. I am going to bookmark your website and maintain checking for new information.
You made some first rate factors there. I regarded on the web for the issue and found most people will associate with along with your website.
I am not sure where you’re getting your info, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or understanding more. Thanks for fantastic info I was looking for this ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra for my mission.
Heya I’m for the first time here. I found this board and I find It truly useful & it helped me out much. I hope to give something back and aid others like you aided me.
Hey there! Someone in my Myspace group shared this website with us so I came to take a appear. I’m undoubtedly enjoying the information. I’m bookmarking and will likely be tweeting this to my followers! Exceptional blog and outstanding style and design.
ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra I was suggested this web site by my cousin. I’m not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my difficulty. You are incredible! Thanks! your article about ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra Best Regards Nick Cassetta
[…]Wonderful story, reckoned we could combine a couple of unrelated information, nonetheless genuinely worth taking a appear, whoa did a single understand about Mid East has got far more problerms also […]
Heya i am for the first time here. I came across this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out a lot. I hope to give something back and aid others like you helped me.
Thanks for the nice post. I have bookmarked it to go through another time. Thanks a lot then keep it up. Get Free Edu Backlinks
I’m not sure where you are getting your info, but great topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thanks for magnificent info I was looking for this ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra for my mission.
Hi, noticed your website via a community I visit, and was wondering if I might use this web-site for a source in one of my web pages. All of the credit would be provided to the primary source, that is : http://reshumalhotra.com/about/ . Would definitely love to be able to, so please be sure to get to me personally by my email address if I can not: Bishard@gmail.com . Thank you
I got what you designate, thanks for swing up. Woh I am glad to grow this website through google. Thanks For Share ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
I comment whenever I especially enjoy a article on a blog or I have something to add to the discussion. It’s caused by the passion displayed in the article I looked at. And after this article ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra. I was excited enough to drop a thought 😉 I actually do have a couple of questions for you if you do not mind. Could it be just me or does it look like some of these comments look as if they are left by brain dead individuals? 😛 And, if you are writing at additional online social sites, I would like to follow you. Would you list all of your public pages like your twitter feed, Facebook page or linkedin profile?
You undoubtedly put a new spin on a topic thats been written about for years. Great stuff, just great!
This is the penalise ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra diary for anyone who wants to seek out out nigh this matter. You respond so more its virtually wearing to fence with you (not that I really would want…HaHa). You definitely put a new protract on a subject thats been backhand some for geezerhood. Metropolis meaninglessness, simply extraordinary!
An exciting word is worth remark. I believe that you should indite more on this matter, it strength not be a sacred human but mostly fill are not enough to utter on much topics. To the next. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
I got what you destine, thanks for putting up. Woh I am happy to conceptualise this website finished google. Thanks For Share ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
This is the proper ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra diary for anyone who wants to essay out out around this subject. You note so overmuch its virtually debilitating to fence with you (not that I really would want…HaHa). You definitely put a new aerobatics on a content thats been graphical near for geezerhood. Prissy hooey, only enthusiastic!
I relish, lead to I found just what I was taking a look for. You’ve ended my 4 day lengthy hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye
I used to be more than happy to search out this web-site.I wished to thanks on your time for this glorious learn!! I positively enjoying every little bit of it and I’ve you bookmarked to check out new stuff you blog post.
Aw, this was a very nice post. In idea I want to put in writing like this moreover – taking time and precise effort to make an excellent article… however what can I say… I procrastinate alot and in no way appear to get one thing done.
There are some interesting points in time in this article but I don’t know if I see all of them center to heart. There is some validity but I will take hold opinion until I look into it further. Good article , thanks and we want more! Added to FeedBurner as well.
It’s exhausting to find knowledgeable individuals on this topic, but you sound like you realize what you’re talking about! Thanks
You must participate in a contest for among the finest blogs on the web. I’ll advocate this website!
of course like your web site but you have to take a look at the spelling on quite a few of your posts. Many of them are rife with spelling problems and I to find it very troublesome to tell the truth on the other hand I’ll definitely come back again.
Merely wanna input which you have a very nice internet website , I adore the pattern it truly stands out.
You made some respectable factors there. I regarded on the internet for the difficulty and found most individuals will associate with along with your website.
Really need in order to say your own post is as astonishing. The particular clarity in a post is in fact merely spectacular and i might assume we tend to be an expert on this subject. Fine with your individual permission let me to be able to grab your own RSS feed to be able to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and even please continue the gratifying work.
whoah this blog is wonderful i love studying your posts. Stay up the good paintings! You realize, lots of individuals are searching around for this info, you can help them greatly.
I got what you designate, thanks for putting up. Woh I am cheerful to grow this website finished google. Thanks For Share ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Oh my goodness! a tremendous article dude. Thank you Nevertheless I am experiencing challenge with ur rss . Don’t know why Unable to subscribe to it. Is there anybody getting identical rss problem? Anybody who knows kindly respond. Thnkx
I simply want to tell you that I am very new to weblog and truly enjoyed this blog site. Most likely I’m planning to bookmark your blog . You amazingly have awesome article content. Kudos for sharing your web-site.
I actually wished to compose a small note to thank for you for a number of the pleasant secrets you might be showing on this internet domain.
It can be difficult to write about this topic. I think you did a terrific job though! Thanks for this!
It is in reality a nice and useful piece of information. I’m glad that you simply shared this useful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.
I’m not sure where you are getting your information, but great topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or understanding more. Thanks for excellent info I was looking for this ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra for my mission.
This was very informative. I have been reading your blog alot over the past few days and it has earned a place in my bookmarks.
I’m not sure where you’re getting your info, but great topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thanks for great information I was looking for this ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra for my mission.
Hiya very nice site!! Man .. Beautiful .. Amazing .. I will bookmark your blog and take the feeds also…I am satisfied to search out so many useful information here in the post, we need develop extra techniques on this regard, thank you for sharing. . . . . .
Many thanks for your submission, it was interesting and compelling. I stumbled upon my way here through Google, I will go back another time
Hey there! I’m at work surfing around your blog from my new iphone 4! Just wanted to say I love reading your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the excellent work!
Thanks for all your hard work on this blog. My mum really loves making time for investigations and it is simple to grasp why. Almost all hear all concerning the dynamic means you present efficient guides through this web blog and as well inspire response from some other people on this theme and my daughter is truly understanding a lot of things. Take advantage of the remaining portion of the year. You’re the one conducting a really great job.
This is very interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your wonderful post. Also, I have shared your website in my social networks!
I find your articles some days befor and began have a look at your posts usually. With thanks for the fantastic weblogblog site!
[…]just beneath, are quite a few totally not associated sites to ours, even so, they may be surely really worth going over[…]
I appreciate your submission, previously interesting and compelling. I have found my way here through Google, I shall return another time
Thank you, I have just been looking for information approximately this topic for a long time and yours is the best I have found out so far. But, what about the bottom line? Are you positive in regards to the supply?
This design is incredible! You definitely know how to keep a reader entertained. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Excellent job. I really loved what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!
Hey! I simply want to give a huge thumbs up for the great info you have got right here on this post. I will likely be coming again to your weblog for more soon.
Thank you for another excellent article. Where else could anybody get that kind of information in such an ideal way of writing? I have a presentation next week, and I’m on the look for such information.
I’m often to blogging and i actually admire your content. The article has really peaks my interest. I’m going to bookmark your web site and keep checking for new information.
Hey Thanks so much for such kind words.Do post me if i can be any help to you,Looking forward to hear from you again.
I got what you think, thanks for putting up. Woh I am pleased to chance this website through google. Thanks For Share ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Spot on with this write-up, I truly think this website needs much more consideration. I’ll probably be again to read much more, thanks for that info.
Hey Elizbeth,Thank you for considering my writing skills,I will be much more gald if you find it usefull,Thank you dear.
I got what you impart, thanks for swing up. Woh I am pleased to grow this website through google. Thanks For Share ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Greetings from California! I’m bored to tears at work so I decided to browse your blog on my iphone during lunch break. I really like the knowledge you present here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m surprised at how quick your blog loaded on my phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, superb site!
Hey Thanks so much ,This is such a positive comment and i am surprised too,Well thanks for writing in ,I am happy that you liked it.
Thanks , I’ve recently been searching for info approximately this subject for ages and yours is the greatest I have found out till now. However, what about the bottom line? Are you positive in regards to the supply?
WOWW..Thanks for posting such great words..i m not sure of if mine is the best or not but i ams sre f the fact that mine is right and yeah what supply are you talking about.
An interesting discourse is worth annotate. I think that you should create much on this topic, it strength not be a inhibition somebody but generally group are not enough to speak on specified topics. To the succeeding. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Unquestionably believe that which you said. Your favorite reason seemed to be on the net the simplest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get irked while people think about worries that they plainly do not know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top and also defined out the whole thing without having side effect , people can take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks
Hey there, I like to share my knowledge with everyone and no one else would be much more happer than i get when i hear such positive and inspiritation messages from you all, I am glad that you liked my blog,visit again and i m sure you will find lot more information. xox
I got what you destine, thanks for putting up. Woh I am cheerful to judge this website through google. Thanks For Share ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
you’re really a good webmaster. The website loading speed is incredible. It seems that you’re doing any unique trick. Also, The contents are masterpiece. you have done a fantastic job on this topic!
I would like to express my thanks to this writer just for rescuing me from this particular crisis. Right after researching through the search engines and seeing tricks which are not beneficial, I thought my entire life was well over. Existing devoid of the answers to the problems you have resolved by means of your entire article is a serious case, as well as the kind that would have negatively affected my entire career if I had not encountered your blog post. Your main know-how and kindness in handling every aspect was excellent. I don’t know what I would have done if I had not come upon such a thing like this. I can also at this moment relish my future. Thanks for your time very much for this impressive and effective help. I won’t think twice to endorse your web sites to any person who ought to have assistance about this topic.
Hello, have you been allowing any kind of ads in your web site? I would like to purchase a banner ad for a month or two linking to my personal website which is closely related. Let me know, or give me an e-mail that I can reach you at. Thanks!
An interesting discourse is couturier scuttlebutt. I judge that you should compose solon on this content, it strength not be a preconception bailiwick but generally grouping are not enough to mouth on such topics. To the succeeding. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
An absorbing communicating is designer remark. I conceive that you should make many on this subject, it strength not be a taboo study but generally group are not enough to communicate on much topics. To the succeeding. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
How did you make this template? I obtained a blog as well and my template looks kinda bad so people don’t stick to my blog lengthy :/.
Just thought I would leave a comment to say just how much I enjoyed reading this read. Quality blog!
I really appreciate this post. I have been looking all over for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thx again!
An stimulating communication is couturier observe. I reckon that you should create many on this subject, it mightiness not be a preconception subject but generally group are not enough to speak on specified topics. To the next. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Thanks for the nice blog. It was very useful for me. Keep sharing such ideas in the future as well. This was actually what I was looking for, and I am glad to came here! Thanks for sharing the such information with us
I simply want to mention I am very new to blogging and certainly loved you’re page. Most likely I’m planning to bookmark your blog . You actually come with incredible articles and reviews. Appreciate it for sharing your web page.
Hey there admin, I just wanted to give a short remark to firmly express that in fact I favored your information. Thanks!
Excellent read, I just passed this onto a colleague who was doing a little research on that. And he actually bought me lunch because I found it for him smile So let me rephrase that.
That’s a great assortment of details you described in this article, I really believe that we can expect far more very soon.
magnificent points altogether, you just received a brand new reader. What would you recommend in regards to your submit that you made some days ago? Any sure?
I like what you guys are up also. Such smart work and reporting! Carry on the excellent works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to my blogroll. I think it’ll improve the value of my site .
You can definitely see your expertise within the work you write. The sector hopes for even more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to say how they believe. At all times follow your heart. “Every man serves a useful purpose A miser, for example, makes a wonderful ancestor.” by Laurence J. Peter.
I got what you intend, thankyou for putting up.Woh I am happy to find this website through google. “Money is the most egalitarian force in society. It confers power on whoever holds it.” by Roger Starr.
An attention-grabbing discussion is worth comment. I think that it’s best to write extra on this topic, it may not be a taboo topic but typically persons are not sufficient to speak on such topics. To the next. Cheers
An fascinating discussion is couturier mention. I imagine that you should indite author on this subject, it might not be a inhibition refer but mostly group are not enough to talk on much topics. To the next. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Hello There. I discovered your weblog using msn. That is a very neatly written article. I will be sure to bookmark it and return to read extra of your helpful info. Thank you for the post. I’ll certainly comeback.
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is a very well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra . Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely return.
ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra I was suggested this website by my cousin. I’m not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else know such detailed about my trouble. You are incredible! Thanks! your article about ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra Best Regards Nick Lisa
An fascinating speech is designer account. I cerebrate that you should make writer on this matter, it strength not be a preconception human but mostly group are not sufficiency to utter on much topics. To the next. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Hey there! This post could not be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my good old room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this page to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thank you for sharing!
There are certainly a lot of details like that to take into consideration. That’s a great point to bring up. I offer the thoughts above as general inspiration but clearly there are questions like the one you bring up where the most important thing will be working in honest good faith. I am sure that your job is clearly identified as a fair game.
I do love the manner in which you have framed this particular matter and it does indeed supply us some fodder for thought. Nonetheless, coming from just what I have personally seen, I only trust as the actual comments pile on that men and women continue to be on point and don’t start on a soap box of some other news of the day. All the same, thank you for this superb point and while I can not agree with this in totality, I value the point of view.
I found your blog web site on google and check a couple of of your early posts. Proceed to keep up the excellent operate. I just extra up your RSS feed to my MSN Information Reader. Looking for ahead to studying extra from you afterward!…
Nice post. I study one thing more difficult on totally different blogs everyday. It’ll at all times be stimulating to read content material from other writers and follow a bit something from their store. I’d choose to make use of some with the content on my weblog whether you don’t mind. Natually I’ll provide you with a hyperlink on your internet blog. Thanks for sharing.
Can I simply say what a aid to seek out somebody who truly knows what theyre speaking about on the internet. You undoubtedly know how one can deliver a difficulty to gentle and make it important. Extra individuals have to learn this and perceive this aspect of the story. I cant consider youre no more widespread because you undoubtedly have the gift.
Very great post. I simply stumbled upon your weblog and wished to mention that I have really enjoyed browsing your weblog posts. After all I will be subscribing for your feed and I am hoping you write again soon!
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to read more of ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra . Thanks for the post. I’ll definitely return.
Looks like you have put a lot of effort in your blog, thank you for taking the time to write such useful information.
Excellent post. I was checking constantly this blog and I am impressed! Extremely useful info specifically the last part I care for such info much. I was seeking this certain info for a long time. Thank you and good luck.
Whats up. I truly need to firmly place a nice quick remark and inform you learn that I’ve been pursuing your particular wordpress blog for quite some time. Keep up the grand work and I’m going to be looking again once again in a little while.
Lots of useful information here, makes you think of what really matters, this post will definatly help with my descision.
I like the valuable information you provide in your articles. I’ll bookmark your weblog and check again here regularly. I’m quite certain I’ll learn a lot of new stuff right here! Good luck for the next!
I think this is among the most important info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But should remark on few general things, The web site style is perfect, the articles is really great : D. Good job, cheers
I simply want to say I’m all new to blogging and site-building and absolutely loved your blog site. Most likely I’m planning to bookmark your website . You actually have wonderful articles and reviews. With thanks for revealing your web-site.
Magnificent goods from you, man. ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you are just too excellent. I really like what you have acquired here, really like what you are saying and the way in which you say it. You make it entertaining and you still care for to keep it sensible. I can not wait to read much more from you. This is really a terrific ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra informations.
An gripping communicating is designer report. I conceive that you should make statesman on this substance, it power not be a sacred dominate but mostly people are not sufficiency to utter on such topics. To the succeeding. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
I’ve been exploring for a little for any high quality articles or blog posts on this sort of area . Exploring in Yahoo I finally stumbled upon this site. Reading this information So i am glad to show that I have an incredibly good uncanny feeling I came upon just what I needed. I so much undoubtedly will make sure to do not put out of your mind this website and give it a look regularly.
My spouse and I stumbled over here by a different page and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to looking into your web page repeatedly.
I enjoy read through your web site a couple of periods every week with regard to innovative parts. I was asking yourself if you have had some other topics you write about?
Pretty good post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wanted to say that I have really enjoyed reading your blog posts. Any way I’ll be subscribing to your feed and I hope you post again soon.
I appreciate your submission, previously it was interesting and compelling. I have found my way here through Google, I’ll go back one more time
great points altogether, you just gained a brand new reader. What would you suggest about your post that you made a few days ago? Any positive?
I had been curious if you ever thought of altering the configuration to your site? It is very well prepared; I adore exactly what youve have to declare. However , you may could possibly a little more when it comes to material thus people today could possibly connect with them far better. Youve got a great deal associated with text to get just acquiring 1 or 2 images. You might space it all released far better?
Browsing this website seriously made me to learn something today. Thank you a lot for expressing this info.
An intriguing speech is couturier mention. I cerebrate that you should compose author on this content, it mightiness not be a sacred message but generally fill are not enough to communicate on much topics. To the succeeding. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Wonderful beat ! I wish to apprentice while you amend your website, how could i subscribe for a blog site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear idea
I can send you a list of aalliabve works by Susan Foster. Do you have a phone number and e-mail address for me to contact you? Regards, Crystal Wagner, M Gallery of Fine Art SE, , 941-993-3907
Thanks for the article, it was interesting and compelling. I found my way here through Google, I will come back another time
I truly wanted to write down a quick remark to thank you for these pleasant secrets you are showing at this website. My time-consuming internet lookup has at the end been rewarded with really good know-how to go over with my contacts. I ‘d express that we readers actually are undoubtedly blessed to dwell in a fantastic community with many outstanding individuals with insightful concepts. I feel rather grateful to have used the web site and look forward to tons of more cool times reading here. Thank you once more for all the details.
Please let me know if you’re looking for a author for your blog. You have some really great posts and I think I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d absolutely love to write some content for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please shoot me an email if interested. Many thanks!
Some actually good and utilitarian details on this internet web site , also I believe the style and style holds excellent capabilities. 655071
Hey there. Basically needed to publish and say that I valued this posting. I’ll be bookmarking your site and checking to see if you post any new ones. Thanks so much!
An intriguing discussion is couturier statement. I consider that you should create much on this topic, it power not be a inhibition refer but mostly people are not enough to speak on much topics. To the next. Cheers like your ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra.
Wonderful goods from you, man. ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra I’ve understand your stuff previous to and you’re just extremely excellent. I actually like what you have acquired here, really like what you are stating and the way in which you say it. You make it enjoyable and you still care for to keep it smart. I can’t wait to read far more from you. This is actually a terrific ABOUT ME!! | Reshu Malhotra informations.
Hey there,Thank you so much for this wonderfull comment,I really appreciate your time and interest that you have in my blog,I am passionate about my work and what i do and then moreover when i hear from you all,it keeps me going..i love to share my knowledge with everyone,I will be writing lot more new post and hope you enjoy them too…thanx again for making my day!:)
Hello, Neat post. There is an issue together with your web site in internet explorer, could test this? IE nonetheless is the market leader and a good portion of folks will omit your great writing due to this problem.
Hey there, I shall thank you for mentioning this to me, i will look into it and i would really appreciate if you can mention me the problem,it would be easier for me to fix it..thnx again!
Wonderful paintings! That is the kind of info that should be shared across the net. Shame on the seek engines for no longer positioning this put up upper! Come on over and consult with my site . Thanks =)
hello i came to youre site, and I have read some awesome posts on it. It’s all about the game online gokkast let’s PLAY!!!
Thank you for every other informative website. Where else may I am getting that type of info written in such an ideal means? I’ve a undertaking that I am just now operating on, and I’ve been at the glance out for such info.
Hey there..thanks so much for the post..i m so glad that you found my website informative, there would be lot more topics i would be writing about, so keep yourself tuned and i hope you find all the information being shared here quite usefull and helpfull..keep posting…cheers!
hey pallavi thnx so much …wld b a pleasure if i can b of any help to u.. keep in touch and yeah post any inquiry anytime…wl try n respond as quickly as i can…tkcare
hi reshu……….ur site is amaaaziiiiiing………..i really really liked it.it will help me to give more knowledge to my students ………..ill keep in touch wid u 4 enquiries……thanks take care…….
thnx so much bh, so sweet of u, i m happy to c my bro,my friend thought of penning down such high word of praise.
An Awesome Artist, A Marvelous Blend of creativity and flare for Makeup,which reflects in her distinctive and stylish elegance.
Someone ,who’s born to create a spark of beauty and deliver a performance of great elan and sophistication ,each time she touches a face.
Reshu is gorgeous .. n i say dis wid meanin to all aspects of gorgeousness…and she believes in spreading it all around her…to sum it up she is makin d world “beautiful” … love ur work Reshu…keep it comin..n All The Best
This is a wonderful start … Very impressive …Best of luck .. Do post something for Boys/Man … will have a chance to visit.
thanks for stopping by and liking the blog . i am sure you will like the remaining articles as well. Do let me know.
Women are blind to her "Midas touch" when it comes to makeup, A makeup artist with a magic stroke, Reshu Malhotra Dubai based fashion and beauty blogger with an Essence of beauty and the inner you..
Archives Select Month May 2017 May 2016 January 2016 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 June 2015 May 2015 December 2014 November 2014 August 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 December 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 May 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011
You are missing out on our free online dating site with genuine UK profiles and 100% free messaging with plenty of singles in your area Find out why we are one of UK's most popular free dating sites.
I would definitely, highly recommend getting new photos from Online Profile Pros! Soon after the photo shoot I sent the photographer an email saying that the women online reacted favorably to my photos.
Taking hold of the stories are a set of unknowns, Jenna Dewan (also in , though pretty much all her speaking parts were cut and all we were left with was her great finale dance, left a little unmoving since we didn’t get to know her character), and Channing Tatum (who, with this movie, , seems to have gotten this summers up and comer boy slot).
What follows is a contract, and so you should read each of its provisions carefully so that you understand them.
Bull McCabe's Irish Pub is an irish pub. This drink special is listed for March 13, 2018 and is offered all day. This is a weekly drink special. Please verify this special before heading out.
Our professional staff is here to help with chronic pain, injury treatment, weight loss, and general well being.
Dedicated to helping our clients achieve their wellness objectives by teaching and practicing our variety of medically developed programs.
Founded by Dr. Dennis Barley, D.C., C.C.S.P, Barley Wellness is a health center located in Fairhaven, MA that believes in a holistic approach to a healthy, balanced lifestyle. Dr. Barley and his team of leading health professionals are dedicated to helping our clients achieve their wellness objectives by teaching and practicing our variety of medically developed programs. With this educational approach to wellness, our clients are able to better implement sustainable and sensible health choices.
“I went here for the first time today. I got a contour wrap and it was amazing! I have never felt so relaxed in my life. Everyone was very polite and made me feel so comfortable. I also love how clean it is. Definitely going back soon!" Nikki Studley, Mattapoisett
“I can not put into words how thankful I am to Dr. Souci and the rest of the team at Barley wellness and spa. Yesterday I could hardly walk. I was crying from constant and severe pain. I just walked out after only 3 visits with minimal pain and no more tears. Not only are they professional but they are genuinely caring and fun people." Kathleen Ruffley, Fairhaven
“I did my "first ever" yoga class today with Kat! I was nervous but Kat made me feel right at home. I loved it!! I can't believe how good I feel and how much energy I have ! If you've never done yoga you have to try it!" Jennifer Judd, Fairhaven
We are really excited to announce that Chromotherapy Lighting is coming soon to our Sunlighten packages! Enjoy the ancient healing method of light and color therapy to improve overall health and harmony. Each color in the visible light spectrum possesses frequencies...
Ideal Protein is a medically developed, 20-year evolving program with 5,000 worldwide. In four phases, our professionals help set weight loss goals based on your health profile with weekly personalized weight and measurement progress analysis. To make it simple: we’re...
We are really excited to be playing a small part in helping the video production and financing of a great social initiative by our friend Ben Gilbarg. Nothing is better than promoting the community in which we live and supporting youth in the area. We are happy we...
The new summer sales season starts today with attractive discounts for the whole family in the shops of Barna Centre.
Today starts the time most enjoyed of the year and a great opportunity to buy saving money without sacrificing quality and latest fashion trends.
On Sunday July the 3rd, our trade of the Gothic Quarter-Barna Centre will be open for all its customers to enjoy this highly anticipated start of sales!
10 Jan 2016 Header Information . The bigger issue for 14C dating used to be atmospheric variation - the amount of carbon 14 in It's not about the amount of carbon-14, it is about the ratio. .. It doesn't show the normal background rate.. Carbon 14 dating background information
Because the radiocarbon method can reliably date carbon containing He presents the basic theory behind the C-14 method in a clear and Another reason is the natural tendency of anyone to avoid looking at information that conflicts with . Carbon 14 dating background information
Radiocarbon ages are not the same as calendar time due to past . Carbon 14 dating background information
Carbon is present in proteins, fats and carbohydrates – the three basic foods. When carbon-dating information is adjusted to fit Libby's own data, carbon-14 . Carbon 14 dating background information
ins and outs of carbon-14 dating, consider one basic truth about this dating method that few Although the idea that radiocarbon dating is an effective evolutionary dating method has [In truth, even when dating things that are relatively young, carbon-14 dating is For catalog, samples, or further information, contact:. Carbon 14 dating background information
Facility for carbon-14 dating by liquid scintillation counting. CO2 gas is For information concerning the latest status of the carbon-14 dating procedure, contact:❾-50%}
Béla Gábor, p/k/a Belocca is a rough diamond gradually polishing each facet. He grew up close to Budapest, together with Workidz, with whom he soon discovered electronic music. At the age of 16 they signed with Secret ...
Boy George is universally recognised as one of the music scenes most iconic artists and for the past 30 years has maintained a strong position at the forefront of this ever-changing, multi-faceted industry. Attracting ...
Carlos Mendes‘ Passion for Music began a long time ago He was only 17 when he started taping the „Top Ten“ of the week on Fridays Radio podcast Bayern 3, a local Radiostation in Munich, just to pass them on at ...
Dj Producer, Beat Freak Recordings Label Manager D-FORMATION is Dimas Carbajo, the owner and main exponent of BEATFREAK GROUP, a business alliance which is proud to include, among many others, the first Spanish record ...
Jay Lumen’s real name is Csaba Lumnitzer. Music has been a part of his life since his childhood years. He learnt music in a conservatory for eight years, which provided a good basis to his ambition of making music. ...
Jerome Isma-Ae, born in Munich, Germany, has one of the most unique progressive sounds and is one of the highest-selling progressive house DJ/Producers around. German producer/DJ Jerome Isma-Ae, also owner of the label ...
Lissat & Voltaxx are none other than well known producers Jens Lissat and Marco Wolters from Cologne, Germany. They have worked together on several projects over the years. Since 2006 Jens and Marco, under the Lissat ...
During the past 11 years, a sweet Asian girl made herself a name as one of the very few globally successful female artists in electronic music: NAKADiA .This energy-loaded “wunderkind” has developed from unknown Thai ...
Nick Olivetti's credentials span from a diploma from London's prestigious SAE, remixes for the world famous band Radiohead, and signings on Claude VonStroke very own Dirtybird records. Italian Nick Olivetti has been ...
The Carpet Store even offers a complete selection of high-quality remnant flooring. Regardless of your budget, when you shop at The Carpet Store, youll be able to select a type of flooring that meets your needs without breaking the bank.
Towles House Of Carpets Inc is a carpet and rug dealer in Florence, AL. We also provide floor material for retail use. With our wide selection of rugs and carpets, your satisfaction is guaranteed.
We specialize in sales and installation of carpet, flooring and rugs and our staff offers quality and reliable services that you can count on.
Barnett and Brown Furniture was established in 2001,dedicated to offering some of America's best brand names,best quality and always the best price. Our everyday low pricing is unique to the furniture business.
Investigating area rugs or a floor carpet? Economy Carpets in Muscle Shoals, AL is a flooring company categorized under Carpeting and Rug Dealers, Sales and Installation. Our records show it was incorporated in the state of Alabama and has been doing business in the Muscle Shoals	area for 46 years.
Area Rugs, Carpeting, Ceramic Tile, Porcelain Tile, Carpet Cushion and Padding, Fibers and Backing, Laminate Flooring, LVT and LVP, Vinyl Flooring, Resilient Floors, Wood Flooring, Hardwood Flooring, and more.
Commercial & Residential, Family Owned & Operated, Factory Direct Pricing, Discount Prices, Customer Service, Huge Inventory, and more...
Craft Rug Mills offers the area's largest selection of the best brands of flooring - all at unbeatable prices. Perhaps more important than the products we offer, however, is our commitment to customer service.
Our exclusive brands like Relax, it's Lees, Tigressa, Bigelow, Resista Soft Style, Hanover Hills Hardwood, Rustic River Hardwood, and Mirror Lake Laminate set the industry standard for beauty, style, and quality.
Schnaitman's Flooring America offers the largest selection of carpet, hardwood, laminate, ceramic tile, and vinyl flooring in Stroudsburg. Our Five Star Selection System offers a fast and easy way to find the right floor for the way you live.
We are a family owned and operated business and we desire to service the community and offer personalized, quality service. We cater to residential customers, small businesses, builders, and new constructions.
At The Floor Source we stand behind quality, expertise, and professionalism. We know flooring, because thats all we do. We help design your ideas on an AutoCAD program, from your kitchen tile backsplash to a dining room hardwood border.
Back in November, The Lentil Institution spread the news that there’d soon be a new Loving Hut in Northcote. It’s now been open a little over a month, and we stopped by for dinner before hitting the Northcote Social Club for a gig last week.
This is a huge outlet stocked with groceries at the front – bulk TVP, gallon jugs of vegetarian oyster sauce and the widest range of mock meats this side of Vincent. Behind the screen is a flouro-lit cafe with the atmosphere of a quiet food court.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged Northcote, Vegetarian restaurant on February 5, 2014 by Cindy.
It’s that time of year when most people reflect, evaluate their performance and make plans for a better new year. It’s a healthy exercise, whether on a personal level or a professional one, regardless of your religious beliefs or lack thereof, a fiscal year end versus a calendar year end, and everyone’s reluctance to admit mistakes.
When it comes to your relationship with your Big 4 auditors, this is a year when you should drive a hard bargain to either “Get services or get cash.” No, I am not suggesting you gyp your vendors by asking them to send back money or withhold future payments for discounts that weren’t agreed to.
Nor am I suggesting that you follow the hard line negotiating tactics of the Big 3 automakers who are notorious, especially in the case of GM, for insisting that vendors agree to prices and terms just for the privilege of doing business with them. As we can see, working as a vendor to Big 3 may be no prize in the end. The politicians are afraid to see what will happen if the auto industry succumbs to actual market forces and takes the consequences of their seriously deficient management and strategy.
You know what would happen? More dislocation, as we already have, but then a market necessity to create something new and better, to innovate, and renounce nasty bad habits (like poor internal controls) and corporate cultures.
Take a look at your Big 4 service provider contracts. Refresh your memory on what you’ve been promised and what you are paying for. Make sure you are getting what you expect and it’s high quality or stop paying. That may sound harsh, since I’ve been known to sympathize with the staff and employees of the Big 4 firms, castigating the Big 4 for reducing staff when there’s so much work to do. But hear me out. There’s a lesson in it for some of you.
I recently responded to a post in one of my favorite blogs, A Counting School – Hardcore Chartered Accountancy. Krupo, the author, works for one of the Big 4 in Canada. Although he’s only in his late twenties, he has been watching carefully during his fairly short tenure.
His post, Profit Margins: How they work, for accountants and others was an attempt to explain to his readers how an audit firm determines “profit.” Given the complexity of the subject and the curiosity of so many, and given the firms’ lack of transparency on the subject, I couldn’t help myself from adding a few points:
Oh Krupo, Such a complex subject…. I’ve written many posts on this, but let me try to elaborate, in a few sentences on a few of the points raised.
First of all, a “negative profit margin” is a vague term, but I do know you can have a “negative unbilled” situation. That is explained here.
In the post linked to above, I explain the strategy the firms use to take their clients’ money early and often. (There’s also a reminder of how BearingPoint, a KPMG legacy firm, originally got itself into the downward spiral it’s now in.) I also describe how the firms “revenue recognition” policies and procedures are the kind that would be considered shifty, sloppy, and worthy of audit exceptions in their GAAP reporting clients. But they serve the partnership and the firm’s business model very well.
“One example of revenue recognition roulette that persists in many private partnerships is the fixed fee/hours contract, the most frequent way that internal audit outsourcing/co-sourcing engagements are proposed and billed by the Big 4. For example, the firm bids an internal audit and/or SOx engagement as a total of hours, estimated based on the audit plan or number of processes and locations that must be reviewed, for example. They use any indicators or information provided that helps estimate level of effort and staffing needed.The firm looks at the type of staff needed to complete the work (usually disproportionately 2-5 year level staff) and the budget the client says they have for the engagement.
After working the expected profit margin into the equation, it’s a simple mathematical exercise to calculate the total bid. That total is divided by the total hours that have been committed during a specific time period to come up with a “blended rate”. In other words, even though there may be a mix of Partner, Manager and Staff time, and even though we’re not talking about the staffing or temporary firms here, the clients often expect to see the average hourly rate based on the total cost divided by total hours committed.
Once those total hours are committed and a blended or overall average rate is also publicly committed to, the firm has the burden to meet that expectation by managing the client, managing the team’s performance and managing their staff mix. Partner and Senior Manager hours are sometimes “given away” in order to keep the blended rate down but, since they will be accounted for anyway via timesheets, the effect is to reduce the expected profit margin internally in order to “come up with the number”.
The work may be performed unevenly, that is, some months are more intense than others, work may be seasonal and extra hours may be expended in a lumpy way to meet deadlines. Billing is, however, often a monthly retainer, cash in advance and the same amount each month. The total contract is divided by twelve months or the life of the contract and billed evenly. Both sides usually like this. However, a financial and performance obligation now exists on both sides.
What happens when a client expects a particular number of locations and/or audits and the associated hours of work to be performed and the firm can not accomplish this due to resource constraints or poor management of the client? What happens if the firm reaches the end of the contract and has billed the full contract but not delivered all the hours they committed to?
In professional services speak, this is called, “negative unbilled.” Instead of the typical business issue of having work done and not billed or collected from the client, professional services firms, sometimes end up in a situation where they owe the clients work. They get away with this because their clients still trust them. But they have an obligation to their clients.
When a contract is multi-year, such as in a co-sourcing engagement or a multi-year audit contract, then the firm may not be pressured to “true-up” each year. Instead, they can roll the obligation over and theoretically deliver later. This is possible because they are not publicly owned firms using GAAP, but private partnerships, entities whose partners probably love getting cash faster than they earn it.”
At this point I’d like to go back to my comment on Krupo’s blog to raise a few more points. I am speaking directly to the situation the audit firms have now and the poor planning and managing that forced their short-sighted reductions in force.
“Think of your internal timesheet and expense report process as contributing firstly to the firms “cost accounting” process, not its calculation of “profit” as in profit that is taxable or that would be reported on financial statements to the public or a bank. Some firms are better at this cost accounting process than others and so they have more accurate information for planning, forecasting, pricing and evaluation of engagements/clients and partner’s/manager’s performance. Some are not.
Your time is billed to clients at a rate which is artificial, but has a method to its madness. It’s usually developed by taking your salary costs plus benefits and adding various profit margins on top and adding/subtracting for competitive factors.So, for example, say that your salary plus your benefits costs $75 per hour total. Let’s assume you work in IT Audit and the market for IT Audit in financial services companies is $150 per hour for someone at your level. Every time you charge an hour on your timesheet, it is valued in the cost accounting system at $75 cost and $150 revenue going out.
Now let’s say that your engagement was sold with a total revenue figure based on a budgeted number of hours that equates to $160 per hour. Your cost accounting system shows a “profit of $75 dollars an hour for each hour charged by you on the timesheet. But depending on total number of hours charged (actual hours that go through the timesheets against that number budgeted) and the mix of hours actually charged versus priced into the revenue number by level of professional (This is where the leverage model comes in) the actual profit on the engagement is the amount you can bill the client (which may be not all the hours charged to timesheets or may be more or may be less) versus the amount charged through on timesheets.
Yes, it gets worse. Suppose you have professionals told to eat hours – not charge hours to your engagement or to the actual charge number. What’s screwed up is the cost accounting information. Overall, as Krupo has pointed out, the firm gets in revenue a certain amount and pays out in expenses, salaries and other types another amount, no matter what you put on your timesheet (or maybe exactly what you do, if an engagement is billed on actual hours charged like a staffing firm.)
The audit firms are partnerships, which throws another monkey wrench into the discussion. Partners get paid as a profit distribution basis and this calculation is very focused on taxable income to them and to the firms. In the US it’s not GAAP. It is also very short term focused, with firms not keeping as many reserves or holding onto cash for common goods as you would see in other types of companies. As much as can be paid out in a year is paid out. A partners chance to earn under this model is limited and varies from year to year. It’s very much a cash flow type of calculation.”
So enough for one comment. I am sure you can take this further and extrapolate to many other kinds of issues, like overtime, paid or not, and what happens when overtime is worked and never paid. How do partners price engagements when they don’t know how long they will really take, such as in new things like Sarbanes-Oxley? How do you manage budgets when you have a deadline and you unexpectedly have to use folks that get paid overtime? And then there is billable and non billable travel time and expense….
Right now, most of the firms acknowledge that the majority of the cuts in staff are due to the current economic situation and their forecast of less work in the pipeline. This may be very true at some firms. After all, Deloitte and KPMG saw some large financial services clients disappear when they were bought by Bank of America and JP Morgan. PwC has been the beneficiary, but on a very specific level. The jobs are primarily on the East Coast. There’s also the pending merger of Lloyds and HBOS in the UK. That will add another behemoth to the PwC side of the ledger, in addition to the previously mentioned clients and their huge, long term engagement in the UK managing the Lehman bankruptcy there.
But what does that mean to you, as a CFO? Well, there are reports that professionals are being let-go even if they are assigned to a client. That makes no sense to me and is not, for the most part, performance based. It is the phenomenon described by one of my commenters this morning as “Taking out the fall guy.”
Cuts are decided at the highest levels in the firms. Then orders are water-falled down, and regions, offices, practices, and individual partners with primary client responsibility are given their quota of cuts to make so that the target headcounts and dollar savings are achieved. They either shift some cuts down the line or find the cuts on their own team. They cuts may be made where you would least expect it.
In particular, given the amount of work still to be done related to IT controls, it’s surprising that any of the firms cut IT auditors and security professionals at any level. It is also disappointing to see cuts of experienced, trained professionals in favor of continued recruiting of new graduates. Better to stop the flow in from the schools and let everyone make healthier career decisions, than to perpetuate the leverage model. Better for employee relations and long term viability, but obviously not viewed as better for the short term cash flow and distributions to partners.
1) Review all fixed rate contracts for terms and conditions and payment policies. If the contract is performance based, make sure performance targets have been hit and that documentation and deliverables have been fully accepted by your team before payment.
If the contract is a retainer type, with a flat monthly amount due as equal payments for a proposed number of hours of work or certain deliverables to be completed before year end, make sure you “true-up ” the contract and see if the firm owes you work or money if the work will never be done due to changes in plans or severely constrained staff availability at the firm. Make a conscious decision whether want the work or the money. Firms and individuals are often tempted to keep rolling over this liability to clients from one year to the next on a multi-year contract. In lean years or expected lean years like right now, they will take the liability into income and consider it “profit” at an engagement level and firm level. Will that firm or those professionals be around when you eventually need the work done?
Whether they ever deliver the “negative unbilled” or have to make good on their contract depends heavily on whether or not their clients are keeping track of what they are supposed to get, what they got and comparing that to what they paid for. How many of these liabilities exist in the Big 4 due to the resource constraints that existed during the highest point of Sarbanes-Oxley demands? Are they “on the books” or informally tracked or blown off?
If the contract is “time and materials,” (you pay the hourly rate for time worked plus expenses,) then make sure someone inside your organization is reviewing that billing in detail and your managers are aware of who is working on what form your vendors. Make sure hours billed were actually worked by professionals named. If you are not accustomed to receiving a detailed invoice with at least levels of staff and hours worked by rate, if not specific names for time and materials engagements, then demand one. Make sure that requirement is in your next contract. You have the power right now.
2) Make sure you know who is doing the work on your audits or projects. If you were promised, or paid for, partner, senior manager, or higher priced technical professional level work, demand it. If the team mix was budgeted to include experienced hires and senior staff or managers, make sure this is happening. Make sure the teams are being adequately supervised and their work reviewed. The firms will try now swap out higher priced IT auditors for financial auditors, for example, and more experienced staff and managers for less experienced new graduates. It’s called “leverage.”
What I am not recommending, and strongly disagree with, is abdicating your responsibility to manage the vendor and your requirements. Don’t ask your firm to cut the bill by 10 or 20% and then allow them make the decision how to do that. They may do it by cutting corners on quality and supervision. They may do it by squeezing out higher priced specialists in favor of lower priced staff. They will do it by giving you no meaningful time with senior managers and partners. If you want to cut costs, tell them what you can and can’t give up. Make conscious decisions about the services you are paying for and ask to see the project plans and engagement staffing models and then hold them to it.
Demand IT audit work to be done for the good of your company. Expect specialists and experienced staff and managers to do what you were promised to be done by that level of professional. Some of these may then keep their jobs at the firms or get them back. Or maybe you can hire them. Don’t deny the need to have the right work done in order to save a buck. A short term decision to cut costs will bite you in the ass when you least expect it.
3) Whether your engagements are external audit or consultancy, don’t take the Big 4 name as proof of quality. You only have to look at the Mark Olson’s opening speech to the AICPA conference this week in Washington DC that references the PCAOB Inspections Summary report to see that the firms are still making mistakes, big ones, and the regulators are letting them get away with it.
I will briefly highlight two of the five remediation areas discussed in the report. First — partner evaluation and certain other aspects of firm structure, organization, and management. In this area, we have made the following three observations:
Two, firms have also tried to diminish the chances that the economic priorities of the audit business can inappropriately influence decision-making on technical accounting and auditing matters.
Don’t even get me started about all the ways the auditors could have helped us avoid or mitigate the crisis that has occurred in so many, in their opinion, “going concerns.”
“…auditors face a number of exacerbated audit risks in this current environment, and the PCAOB is monitoring these areas closely. In response to concerns, also on December 5, the PCAOB issued an alert that highlights for auditors areas of potential concern in the current audit cycle…I would like to outline a few areas of audit risk this morning. Specifically, I will address three areas of concern that I am hearing a great deal about from auditors and issuers: fair value measurement, other than temporary impairment, and going concern…”
4) If you are considering hiring one of the Big 4 consultancies for system implementation ERP work, think again. The firms, other than Deloitte, are re-starting these practices in a very aggressive way but they are not equipped, in my opinion, at a partner or director level to negotiate and manage the largest and most complex projects given their lack of professionals who have successfully performed this kind of work before. Remember, they sold all those folks a few years back when they were sure they would make a ton of money from you for Sarbanes-Oxley. Now that Sarbanes-Oxley dollars are being squeezed, “Theyrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrre baaaaaaaaaaak.”
In addition, why would you sign a long term (more than six months) mission critical systems implementation project contract (or any other consulting engagement) with a firm that may have to resign the engagement if called to investigate or audit you? Don’t laugh. Stranger things have happened in this very dynamic environment.
In the case of Deloitte, I think their cuts, especially to the consulting side, have been the deepest and are continuing. And they’ve had more than their share of failed projects lately that have ended in litigation. Not a pretty sight.
5) In general, the Big 4 are afraid of the future and of what they see as a general downturn and the bankruptcy and consolidation of significant clients. Bankruptcy trustee work and investigations are good money but typically shorter term and more competitive. They can’t replace the revenue for a big audit. The Big 4 are often conflicted out of working on some oppportunities they would like to. When things happen fast, it is difficult to rearrange long standing consulting arrangements to take on either new audit or litigation related work that quickly.
Thanks for subscribing to the re: The Auditors feed. Please tell a colleague about the blog. Drop me a line at fmckenna@mckennapartners.com if you have a comment or complaint.
I take that as a big compliment. I am a very strong advocate for my clients in their dealings with other professional services firms, made easier by knowing how it all works from the other side.
Every year Public Accounting Report publishes a “Top 100 Firm” list, based on data the firms provide. The most recent numbers are for year 2007. A comparison to those for year 2002, before Sarbox, shows total Big-4 revenues rose from $18 billion to $31BB, driven by a doubling of audit revenue from $9.6BB to $18.7BB.
The number of Big-4 partners sharing the profits generated by these revenues increased only about 8% from 8,298 to 8,938. This likely reflects the split-off of consulting practices due to the Sarbox independence rules. However, the number of professional staff in the four firms rose almost 40%, from 62,654 to 87,580. The ratio of professionals to partners went from 7.6:1 in year 2002 to 9.8:1 in 2007.
To put it another way, Big-4 firm revenue per partner rose from $2.2 million before Sarbox to $3.5 million five years later. This 58% increase in revenue per partner reflects a combination of higher billing rates (a 25% increase in revenue per professional) and a higher ratio of professionals to partners (a 30% increase, from 7.6:1 to 9.8:1).
Professional firms extract surplus value from newly hired professionals by pitting them against each other in up-or-out “tournaments” where the ultimate prize is membership in the partnership itself. It appears that one element of the Big-4 business model post-Sarbox has been to ratchet up the intensity of the competition: many more have been called, but only a few are still chosen.
Figuratively speaking, those same Big 4 partners who asked their staff to put their money in the bank (make an investment in the firm) are now trying to sneak out the back door with all the money entrusted to them. They will look at you with a sad face and tell you how lucky you are to be salaried this year. Don’t buy it!
I must say that the last two rants of this blog have been rather incoherent and unbalanced. It is clear that my time looking at the blog is over for now, because I think you have now “jumped the shark”. Not sure why this direction was taken, but good day, and good luck to you!
The underperformers and those that are not dedicated to the practice will now be forced to exit, given the tougher times. High chargeability and quality work is key. Work-life balance is taking a back door as the firms are overstaffed and those looking for “flex schedules” are no longer needed talent to serve the declining needs of clients.
10 lessons 10 principles of intuitive eating 10 tips 10 ways therapy can help 10 ways 12 days of christmas 20 ways to stop bingeing now 3 steps 5 things to learn 5 ways to silence inner critic 5 ways Bingeing Christma Control ELLEUK ELLE Eating Disorder Eating problem Inside Out Louise Chunn Managing emotions New Year Perfectionism Sleep Spring Welldoing.org about counsellors action all or nothing anorexia nervosa anorexiarecovery anorexia antidiet anxiety eating anxiety appetite assertiveness assertive beach body beautiful people behaviours being authentic being kind to self bikini body plan bikini body binge eating disorder binge eating bingeeating bite by bite body confidence body dysmorphia body image workbook body image body love body neutrality body positivity boost self-esteem breakthrough buimia bulimia nervosa bulimiarecovery bulimia cake can counselling help caring what others think cbt challenging negative thoughts change children and eating disorders children christmas clean eating cognitive behaviour therapy comfort eating comparing self to others comparing with others comparions comparisons compulsive eating compulsive exercise confidence conflict about body size connection contribution counselling criticism deception developing awareness developing healthy relationship with food dieting diet disordered eating does self help work dolphin early experiences eating disorder prevention eating disorders eating when hungry eatingdisorder eating elizabeth gilbert embracing change emotional eating emotions envy evening eating exhaustion expectations feelings florence and the machine florence welch food obsession food freedom with food friendship fulfilment fullness fun geneen roth giving up dieting giving guilt habit happiness healthy eating healthy food healthy weight helpful help hope how counselling can change your life how to stop binge eating how to stop bingeing how to stop emotional eating how to stop overeating hunger identity improve body image improving body image inferior insulin intuitive eating iphone is your weight your worth janet treasure jealousy jellyfish joy judgement kids and eating disorders kind to body letting go lies listen to body listen to your body loneliness lose control around food lose weight losing control food love body low self-esteem male body image manipulation maudsley model media meeting your needs men and eating disorders mental health mind body connection mindful eating mindfulness mirror mood mothering motivation mum ninja warrior nodiets not dieting obesity obsession with food obsession on eating orthorexia ostrich over-eating over-exercise overcoming fear overeating parenting people pleasing perfect pixar film pleasure poor body image positive preoccupation with food pressure problem psychological approach reading about eating disorders reading recovery relapse relationships resolutions restriction rest rhino role model root of problem rules about eating rules around eating sabotage satiety saying no secret eating self awareness self conscious self esteem self help books self-acceptance self-awareness self-awarness self-care self-compassion self-confidence self-criticism self-esteem self-help book self-help self-kindness self-loathing self-love self-worth selfcare selfesteem shoulds social anxiety social eating social media and body image social media song starve stop binge eating stop bingeing stop comparisons stop dieting stopping dieting stress striving success summer support for carers support surviving Christmas susie orbach tablet television therapy things you didn't know thinking about food thinking styles thinking thinner self thin thoughts about food thoughts tips to boost self-esteem tips to love your body tips tired to my client who is struggling tv and body image ulrike schmidt undereating unkind to self validating emotions values value weighing scales weight conflict weight loss weight wellbeing what is counselling what is therapy when food is love when therapy is hard work
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Rethink Your Body and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information,
products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk.
Copyright © Rethink Your Body 2013. All Rights Reserved. No part of this website may be reproduced without Rethink Your Body's express consent. Backlinks are allowed.
Description Are you a manufacturer looking for security solutions for your products? Then let Baton serve your needs. We offer a wide range of options, and we also reward low prices for large quantity orders.
This catalog contains our full line of products, including those found in the Operator and Self Storage catalogs. In addition to the information found in the other catalogs, we also provide technical reference information to aid you in your decision.
Products in this catalog may require large quantity orders (3000+ pieces) if they are not in stock. Stocked items generally are available in 3-5 days, depending on quantity. Under-stocked or non-stocked items may take up to 6 weeks for delivery. Please call for availability.
Please select from a series below to browse our products. You may at any time display this page again by clicking the "Contents" tab at the top.
When I was asked to write an article related to our national position in the war on addiction, I had to take some time to really ponder what that meant as both a mental health professional, as well as a recovering alcoholic working to live his life by the spiritual principles inherent in 12-step programs.
The statistics on alcoholism and drug addiction are staggeringly disheartening. The number of drug overdoses in the U.S. have more than quadrupled in the last 10 years. Drug addicts are no longer the typical “junkies” you see portrayed in the movies. They are the popular cheerleader with the 4.0 GPA, the 30-year-old business man who started taking pain pills in college, a stay-at-home mother, the high school running back, the nurse, the chef and many other American workers driven to perform in high-stress environments during long hours at work.
It’s likely there is an addict or alcoholic somewhere in your life; a friend’s child, your own child, a distant cousin, a co-worker – it is widely accepted that every person struggling with addiction touches 27 people. They are struggling to hang on to their secret but ashamed to ask for help. Addiction does not discriminate, and the first place we can start to fight this war is by doing away with the judgment and stigma that goes along with addiction.
This is a tall order for many people who are convinced that it is as simple as making a decision to stop. They just can’t buy into the idea that addiction is a disease. However, it really is much more complicated. The good news is addiction is a disease people can recover from. Most addicts are overwhelmed by feelings of guilt and shame, and the only way to escape those feelings is to use more of the drug that has trapped them in a place where there seems to be no way out. With all that, addicts are people that have value and worth, but they are no longer in touch with that feeling.
The state of addiction today is much like the country in general. Increasingly God and Christ are being pushed out and made to seem no longer relevant. The AA Big Book (p. 59) says, “May you find him now,” and that is the solution. But there are more and more treatments and programs springing up that don’t have the spiritual foundation of the steps, nor do they even acknowledge the need for spirituality, despite the understanding that a relationship with a power greater than ourselves is the answer. Though Bill W. is credited with these steps, it was a humble Jesus who, in the Sermon on the Mount, said “Blessed are the poor in spirit.” And as John Piper put it, “Blessed are those who feel keenly their helplessness and their unworthiness and their emptiness and are driven by them to the grace of God.” For the addict, what started out as the solution to a variety of issues has now become the greatest lifelong problem.
The state of addiction today is definitely disturbing, and the numbers are overwhelming. Even behavioral issues such as sex, video games, porn, gambling and something as essential as food consumption has been affected by the interaction of addiction. I often think of the ways the plight of the addict and the Christian is so similar. The Christian can be saved and yet still struggle with sin. As Paul said, “The things I don’t want to do, I do, and the things I want to do, I don’t.” Addiction science around the brain and new therapy approaches from the counseling world have really made a lot of inroads, and rarely will any disease have so many dedicated to helping those afflicted.
What does the Christian in Baton Rouge do? They pray for those in my family and yours who struggle with addiction. Secondly, one central theme in almost all addicts is that they no longer feel lovable – we as Christians are known for our love for one another and must continue loving those struggling with addiction. Do not get in the way of God and end up instead enabling your loved one. If you or someone you know is struggling with addiction, call us at The Grove today.
About Charles: After my own battle with addiction for 35 years, God used the 12 steps to set me free and begin a journey to totally change every aspect of my life. I received a master’s degree from Troy University in Clinical Mental Health, as well as a bachelor’s in Christian Ministry from Leavel College of the New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary. Since earning my LAC in September of 2014, I have led group and family sessions, as well as individual sessions in order to create complete care planning programs for my clients. In July of 2015 I began the journey toward the LPC as a PLPC with a supervisor. As that goal of the LPC draws closer I have gone to IITAP school and completed the 4 modules of Certified Sexual Addiction Therapy (CSAT) training. Outside of my professional career, I have also worked as a spiritual counselor for many years. I have operated as the recovery pastor for a church in Alabama for nearly three years completing my master’s, and previously lead a Celebrate Recovery session at Celebration Church in New Orleans. Outside of my work life, I enjoy the peace of living on the Amite river despite the losses of the flood.
We believe that regardless of denominational affiliation, age, race, testimony, field of work, etc., if you have been made new in Christ, you are part of one body of believers, redeemed, set free and serving the same living God.
Professor of Balance in the classroom beneath the Krokosphinx, Alhazred is an old and prominent member of the Order of the Fang.
Tokki is a staunch supporter and believer in what the Valkyries stand for. Dedicating her education to medicine and medical technology, she would ultimately merge it with her childhood dream of being a Valkyrie and join up with them as an elite, front-line Battle Battle
Defense Grid: makes a bubble energy shield that lets allies, ally projectiles and enemies pass, put not enemy projectiles
The Battle Medic stays on the sideline, lobbing grenades at enemies and healing allies. he can be eaisliy outranged if you are stealthy enough
Bay City TX fast cash loans are one of the quickest and simplest methods to borrow money in Bay City when you need cash now to pay Bay City bills or acquire Texas items that you desire. Through our simple online unsecure loans form, Bay City consumers can borrow money online, we are your one stop money shop! Get turbo cash loan and quick cash loans through BudgetPlanners.
Bay City Texas quick cash loans are a relatively new idea. You find yourself strapped for cash and need cash now in Bay City to get you through to payday. In the past the only viable option in Texas was credit cards or a cash advance loan. Both these short term loans options have a great track record but they also have their problems. Bay City credit cards are very easy to run up a high credit card amount because of the way they are designed, they let you pay a minimum payment in the hope that you stretch out the financial repayment as long as possible. This creates more cash for the Texas credit card companies as they pile on credit card charges and interest. Bay City short term loans can be good products but they are sometimes a difficult way to borrow money in Bay City when you need cash now and require great credit. So now a new product has emerged to fill the space where Bay City Texas consumers either can not get credit cards or do not want the hassle. Enter the online cash advance loan. They are a great alternative to traditional Texas turbo cash loan options but have a bad reputation. Are they as bad as you think? They are extremely popular way to borrow money in Bay City , surely so many Bay City TX high-speed cash loan consumers can not be wrong. Get started to see how easy Bay City TX fast cash loans can be.
Being short of cash in Texas is extremely stressful, and for many people, it can be a distressing situation. Finding personal loans is an option that many people turn to when they need to access a small amount of cash until their next payday. It is not an option suitable for everyone in Bay City but for a large majority of employed people, personal loans can be a helpful and fast answer to a stressful problem. For many people in Texas, a shortage of cash is made even harder if they do not have many options for accessing the cash they need. If you are employed in Bay City and know you will be receiving your cash soon, personal loans could be the help you need. This is especially true for people in Texas who are unable to get an overdraft at their Bay City bank, or do not have family members who can help them at short notice. Making speedy cash loan work for you is easy. All that is required is to be careful about the Bay City cash lender you choose, consider the terms and conditions of the cash advance loan you agree to, and accurately calculate the amount you can afford to borrow. Get your Bay City Cash advance loan Today.
The Bay City unsecure loans service is fast and the Texas cash advance loan professionals were top-notch. Rating: 4.5
You don't need to leave your Bay City home to get cash now. Skip the long drive to a Bay City personal loans store just to be rejected.
Instead of you dealing with multiple Texas personal loans lenders by filling out several online forms, we help you borrow money with one simple Bay City TX form.
You will be redirected to the Bay City short term loans lenders website where Texas lenders terms will be presented.
When looking for cash advance loans in Bay City you want the quickest loan possible, and that is where BudgetPlanners.net can help.
We partner with a network that has 100+ lenders and BudgetPlanners.net can help to connect with a cash advance loan lender that services Bay City Texas.
This means you may get the quick Bay City TX short term cash you need from one of several lenders in the network.
Disclaimer: You are using Google Translate. Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority is not responsible for the accuracy of information in the translated language.
Welcome to the official data portal of the UAE Government. Here, you will find government data shared under our commitment to enhance participation and transparency. The data is open for public use.
Government data that expresses various sectors; administrative, operational, economic and developmental
The Youth Data Hub initiative launched by Emirates Youth Council, is fueled by collaboration with the Public and Private Sectors through data sharing across a variety of fields and industries to better understand the pulse of youth with the ultimate goal of improving outcomes and overcoming challenges facing youth in the UAE. Visit Website
Khalifa University of Science and Technology in Abu Dhabi ...The UAE Hackathon, a national initiative by TRA, will be launched on 4 February 2018 at Khalifa University of Science and Technology, the first station of the Hackathon. About 200 ...
TRA Launches “UAE Hackathon” under the slogan “Data for ...The Telecommunications Regulatory Authority (TRA) announced today the launch of the UAE Hackathon, the country’s biggest data analysis challenge, which will be held in all ...
From a young age, I was very extraverted and outgoing. By the time I was six, my mother was convinced I was going to follow my grandfather – who was a US Senator – into politics. Obviously, I didn’t. I am, however, still a bit of a talker (and I still think my mother hopes I’ll be president one day).
Lucky for most people, I learned to channel a lot of that energy toward more creative ends and ventured into writing during my late teens. So, while I may not command stadiums full of people with my elegant speeches (Bueller? Bueller? Bueller?), I may still unleash a few books on the unsuspecting World of Geekdom.
[Is it too early to fold my hands together like Dr. Evil and quote Pinky and the Brain at this point in the interview?]
While my mother was present for a good part of late my teens, it was really my father who raised my sister and me. I don’t want to give anyone the wrong idea… I love my mother dearly and we talk frequently, I’m just a lot closer to my father.
That’s not an easy question. I mean, what’s your metric for something like this? Asking me to paint myself blue and dance through the streets of New Orleans during Mardi Gras might strike a few people here as crazy, but would be perfectly normal for most of the Krew of Shenanigans (service industry folks from New Orleans…)
In all seriousness, I don’t think I get asked a lot of insane questions. In fact, the more I look back, the harder it is to find an insane question among the lot. Sure, I’ve had some odd questions based on a variety of misconceptions – both about me and about Americans – but nothing that I’d call outright insane. There have been some strange ones, though.
I remember when I first moved out here to Kuwait and a few people back home asked me if I was living in a tent on a compound. I still had yet to perfect conveying the bulk of my sarcasm with a single glance, but I made every effort as I replied, “You’re not serious, right?” Sadly, they were.
There was also the time someone asked me if all Americans drove like they did on Cops and if the roads were as dangerous as they saw on all those TV specials about high-speed chases. I had to laugh at that one. And no, not all Americans are crazy drunks having shoot-outs with the cops.
That would have to be the time I met Trent Reznor (lead singer of the band Nine Inch Nails). I was living in New Orleans, La, and a few friends and I went out to see one of the Mardi Gras parades uptown on Tchoupitoulas (try pronouncing that!)
Anyways, the four of us (my buddy, his wife, my girlfriend, and I) were sitting at the Buddha Bar across the street from Nothing Records and getting ready for the parade. Being a long time fan of Nine Inch Nails, I kept joking I was going to go over, knock on the door, and invite the band over for drinks. My friend, Tom, laughed and called my bluff.
Not to be undone so easily, I got up and started across the street. I was almost to the door when the cops pulled up and started trying to move a truck that had stalled in front of the studio. I walked up to see if they needed help and, a few seconds later, the front door of the studio opened.
Needless to say, we got the truck moved and I got the chance to chat with Mr. Reznor. It was both a spontaneous moment and a surreal one – the type of moment that you don’t forget.
I’m a big fan of self-transformation and that word has always spoken to me. I think that’s one of the things that attracted me to RPGs, comics, and most of mythology in general, as well. The word becoming is intimately tied to the hero’s journey.
In part, I blame Joseph Campbell. He wrote a little book on comparative myth called The Hero With a Thousand Faces in which I first noticed that theme.
The more I looked into the historic art of our world, the more I saw it. It didn’t matter if I was watching A Game of Thrones or reading Sandman – I kept finding this very common theme. It was that theme that kept me glued to my seat as I watched Frodo and Sam push into the darkness of Mordor or Luke Skywalker confront his father. It was the potential to transform oneself, to overcome our weakness.
That’s a hard one. I travel a lot and I keep finding a lot of places I say I’d settle down in. As a result, I’m still sort of looking around.
When I was in South Africa in 2009, I was in love with both Muizenberg and Glencairn. In 2007, I was in love with Berlin. In 2010, I wanted to live in Athens. I almost moved to Seattle, instead. A few months ago, it was Koh Samui, Thailand.
I guess I’m a bit indecisive when it comes to settling down on this tiny little planet of ours. What I do know is this – wherever I finally do settle down, it’ll need a large dose of tranquil green and better be close to a large body of water.
“You wish to be liked. I wish simply to be. One day you will know what that means, perhaps. And you will smile. Not against me. But with me.”
John Fowles wrote that in his supremely excellent book, The Magus. I love that book and, as far as fiction goes, it may be the best piece of literature I’ve ever read. I think it may be a little too honest for some folks. To me, it strikes at the heart of the human condition. It speaks to the essential in us and, at the end of the day, paints all the superficial things in their proper colors. It also challenges a lot of conventions that we accept as common, forcing us to look into the mirror.
An owl. My ideal girl will have to be wise, commanding, and nocturnal. That doesn’t mean the sort of girl that dislikes the sun altogether (sorry Twilight fans), but one that is just as comfortable at night as she is by day. She’d also have to be a geeky gamer that loves to travel as much as I do.
When I was younger, there was a sense of wonder that accompanied every new thing or adventure. Every horizon had a mystery and the older I get – and I think this is common for a lot of us – the fewer mysteries there are to uncover.
I think that sense of wonder is important and it’s what keeps us, as a people, dreaming. When we forget to dream, we die a little. I don’t want to live in a dead world.
I don’t know that I would, to be honest. I’m pretty happy with the name my parents gave me – although I do go by the shortened version and have for a long time. I think if I had to pick a name that was serious and common (I don’t think people take anyone named Dr. Awesome all that serious), it would have to be Seth.
You guys and your adjectives! I swear! I think my handshake is pretty firm, but not overmuch. I’m not the sort of person that analyzes handshakes, though. I’m more of a “look me in the eye” person. I like to meet people that smile with their eyes and you just don’t get that from a handshake.
I don’t think I always listen as well as I should. It’s not that I don’t listen to what others have to say or that I don’t respect their ideas – it’s simply that I’m pretty self-involved and I’m simply not paying attention. So, I have to make a concentrated effort to actually listen to others.
The late Gary Gygax! Known as the father of role-playing games, Mr. Gygax is the principle creator of the famous game Dungeons & Dragons (as well dozens of novels and games). If it weren’t for him, we wouldn’t have things like The Elder Scrolls, The Legend of Zelda, or World of Warcraft.
I’m not particularly fond of pain. I don’t think most of us are, either. It has its place, though. So, while I don’t go out of my way to suffer, I think some pain makes us stronger and we should embrace our challenges. I think of this as “good pain” (going to the gym) as opposed to “bad pain” (getting hit by a car).
So, I try to evaluate most situations in this light, especially if I’m avoiding something. If it’s a challenge that I associate with good pain, I might put it off for a day or so, but I eventually make myself do it.
Avoiding “bad pain” is really a no-brainer! (Really, does anyone go out of his or her way to get hit by a car?)
This is one of those questions where I think most people attempt to solve the world’s problems and eliminate poverty, war, and ignorance. I may sound a little cynical, but I think all of those are issues intimately tied to negative human traits that are all singlehandedly tied to an all too common problem – hypocrisy.
If you ask me, the world would be a much better place if people simply took a little personal responsibility for their actions. I’m pretty accepting when it comes to things we can’t change in our lives. But when it comes to things we do have power to change – you know, things like helping each other, being safe, or even being polite – we should live by the words we speak.
I’m very much an individual, so it’s easy for me to wander off and just do my own thing. I dig being me. I’m a geek, a gamer, and a writer – and I embrace all of that without accepting the social models most people tag us with. In fact, I think that’s one of my more charming qualities. I get The Big Bang Theory without being subject to the social label it suggests. We’re not all socially awkward and I’m a perfect example of that. In fact, I think I’m a little rebellious because of those labels, too.
It’s Random Acts of Kindness Day! In celebration, we have compiled a list of some great places to volunteer in your own town! Happy volunteering!
A unique hairdressing tool, the Tangle Teezer easily banishes knots and tangles in all hair types instantly and has become...
Should you decide to go to Ireland, you probably have some preconceived notions of what sort of trip you are in for, and you wouldn’t be wrong. But there are many different versions to have. For the perfect balance of city and country, modern and quaint we recommend the following itinerary. This will give you the best of natural beauty, history, and good old-fashioned fun.
Dublin is a city that is the perfect mix of old and new world. Started as a Viking settlement along the River Liffey in roughly 841, there are, to this day, both castles and modern architectural marvels to see. Divided in roughly half by the River Liffey, one spot not to miss is the Ha’Penny Bridge which joins the North and South sides of the town. Much of the tourism goings-on and what the town is most known for can be found on or around the north bank. From Grafton Street and O’Connell streets, both renowned for their shopping, to the Temple Bar area, famous for its music, you can spend days walking around here in and out of shops. At the top of Grafton Street is a park called St. Stephens Green, which dates back to the 1800’s, where you can walk aimlessly amongst the swans and greenery. Additionally, just a few steps down Grafton, if you take a right at the statue of Molly Malone you will see Trinity College, home to – among other things – The Book of Kells, an old book of scripture believed to date back to approximately 800AD.
Once you tire of the city, there is no better place to go than out west, around the Ring of Kerry. Explore small towns and beautiful rustic scenery as in every direction. Then a trip north (still in the west) is the way to go. The Cliffs of Moher, a sheer 214 meter (700 ft.) straight drop down into the ocean, is one of the most beautiful things you’ll see on the entire island. After a long day there, you can walk down to the small town of Doolin, a place so small that the word ‘town’ almost feels too big for it. But what the town is known for is a world-class level jam session in the pubs every night; all you have to do is show up with your instrument. And whether you are playing or just a spectator, it is an event not to be missed. If Doolin is too sleepy of a town for you, head up to Galway, 75 Km up the coast, and you will find a town big enough to have plenty to do, and small enough that you can still walk everywhere. You can take a ferry out to the Aran Islands from either Doolin or Galway. Located at the mouth of Galway Bay, the three islands that make up the Aran chain are Inishmore, Inishmaan, and Inisheer, all of which offer unspoiled beauty at its best.
While it is actually a separate country, it is worth taking a trip up to Northern Ireland while you are here (after all – it’s the same island, right?). The trip through Belfast is worth it on its own. The Black Taxi tours are the insider thing to do and can be caught in the town center. These taxis will give you well-guided tours through both Catholic and Protestant neighborhoods that you otherwise would not get access too. The history they provide is worth it, including a chance to see the wall that still separates the neighborhoods. If you can, you should make it up to Giants Causeway which, as a last step in this little adventure, is a geological anomaly of roughly 40,000 interlocking basalt columns believed to be the result of an ancient volcanic eruption. It is also a UNESCO world heritage site and worth your time.
No matter where you go, you will find unspoiled beauty in every direction and have a unique trip impossible to replicate in any other part of the world.
Qout Market is holding an extra special event this month in honor of Hala February! Qout was the first large farmer’s...
InnoPran XL is used for treating high blood pressure. InnoPran XL is a beta-blocker. It works by slowing down the heart and decreasing the amount of blood it pumps out. This decreases blood pressure, helps the heart pump more efficiently, and reduces the workload on the heart.
Take InnoPran XL by mouth. It may be taken with or without food, but you should always take it the same way (either with or without food).
If you are taking an antacid with aluminum in it, take it at least 2 hours after you take InnoPran XL.
Take InnoPran XL on a regular schedule to get the most benefit from it. Taking InnoPran XL at the same time each day will help you remember to take it.
Do not suddenly stop taking InnoPran XL. You may have an increased risk of side effects. If you need to stop InnoPran XL or add a new medicine, your doctor will gradually lower your dose.
If you miss a dose of InnoPran XL, take it as soon as possible. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once.
Store InnoPran XL at 77 degrees F (25 degrees C). Brief storage at temperatures between 59 and 86 degrees F (15 and 30 degrees C) is permitted. Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep InnoPran XL out of the reach of children and away from pets.
you have moderate to severe heart block, sick sinus syndrome, or a very slow heartbeat and you do not have a permanent pacemaker
you have uncontrolled heart failure, shock caused by serious heart problems, or very low blood pressure after a heart attack
Some medical conditions may interact with InnoPran XL. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have any medical conditions, especially if any of the following apply to you:
if you have allergies to medicines, foods, or other substances, or you are taking medicine for allergies
Some medicines may interact with InnoPran XL. Tell your health care provider if you are taking any other medicines, especially any of the following:
This may not be a complete list of all interactions that may occur. Ask your health care provider if InnoPran XL may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine.
InnoPran XL may cause drowsiness, dizziness, lightheadedness, or vision changes. These effects may be worse if you take it with alcohol or certain medicines. Use InnoPran XL with caution. Do not drive or perform other possibly unsafe tasks until you know how you react to it.
Check with your doctor before you drink alcohol while you are taking InnoPran XL; it may increase the risk of InnoPran XL's side effects.
Patients who take medicine for high blood pressure often feel tired or run down for a few weeks after starting treatment. Be sure to take your medicine even if you may not feel "normal." Tell your doctor if you develop any new symptoms.
Tell your doctor or dentist that you take InnoPran XL before you receive any medical or dental care, emergency care, or surgery.
If you have a history of any severe allergic reaction, talk with your doctor. You may be at risk of an even more severe allergic reaction if you come into contact with the substance that caused your allergy. Some medicines used to treat severe allergies may also not work as well while you are using InnoPran XL.
InnoPran XL may lower your blood sugar levels. This is most likely to happen in infants and children, or in patients who have diabetes or kidney problems. It may also occur after prolonged physical activity or during fasting. Low blood sugar may make you anxious, sweaty, weak, dizzy, drowsy, or faint. It may also make your heart beat faster; make your vision change; give you a headache, chills, or tremors; or make you more hungry. If this is not available, you should eat or drink a quick source of sugar like table sugar, honey, candy, orange juice, or non-diet soda. This will raise your blood sugar level quickly. Tell your doctor right away if this happens.
Diabetes patients - InnoPran XL may hide signs of low blood sugar, such as a rapid heartbeat. Be sure to watch for other signs of low blood sugar. Check blood sugar levels closely. Ask your doctor before you change the dose of your diabetes medicine.
InnoPran XL may interfere with certain lab tests, including the glaucoma screening test and dobutamine stress echocardiography. Be sure your doctor and lab personnel know you are taking InnoPran XL.
Lab tests, including blood pressure and heart function tests, may be performed while you use InnoPran XL. These tests may be used to monitor your condition or check for side effects. Be sure to keep all doctor and lab appointments.
InnoPran XL should be used with extreme caution in children; safety and effectiveness in children have not been confirmed. Children may be more sensitive to InnoPran XL's effects, especially low blood sugar levels or shortness of breath.
Pregnancy and breast-feeding: If you become pregnant, contact your doctor. You will need to discuss the benefits and risks of using InnoPran XL while you are pregnant. InnoPran XL is found in breast milk. If you are or will be breast-feeding while you use InnoPran XL, check with your doctor. Discuss any possible risks to your baby.
If you suddenly stop taking InnoPran XL, you may experience withdrawal symptoms, including worsening chest pain along with possible heart attack.
This is not a complete list of all side effects that may occur. If you have questions about side effects, contact your health care provider.
I'm officially certified as an Open Water diver. And while I was excited on my drive back to the dive shop after our last dives today, I heard some humbling news on the radio. Dick Clark informed me and the rest of his listeners that the song, "Always Something There To Remind Me," by Naked Eyes was a hit twenty two years ago. TWENTY TWO YEARS!!! Dang I'm old. I can still remember listening to that song as my siblings and I were forced to pick strawberries in the fields of the Keweenaw Peninsula. Dang mom and her need to make pies.
I really enjoying the new Nick Hornby book. To be honest, I was a little let down by his "How To Be Good" book, but have enjoyed all his other works. But the subject matter and way the story is told is very unique. I'm very appreciative of a Swiss German speaking British Doctor for tipping me off to this author.
Speaking of the Swiss, I want to wish all a happy Swiss National Day to all. While in Europe this was one of my favorite holidays (up there with Faschnacht, Sylvester and April 24th). There is nothing like sitting on the Rhine river in Basel watching fireworks. So if anyone is reading this in the greater Basel area, celebrate the Swiss with a Feldschlosschen or Calanda for me.
Well, I spent about an hour in the cool waters of Lake Superior, the largest fresh water lake to never be under communist rule (as one reader pointed out). While we were switching tanks, my folks arrived to check on their boy, and take some photos.
Today when I entered Blimpie for my use of their free internet, the gal behind the counter asked if I wanted "The Usual." Once again I've made it, as I feel it is a great honor to be able to walk into a place and ask for the usual, and the people really know what you are talking about. Either that or they welcome you by name when you walk in. So far I've had about six to ten places like that. My favorite place still has to be the Isle of Innisfree in Germany. Bah and Jespersen if you are reading this, we need to meet there soon!! (Most anyone else is welcome too, but those were the ones who spent the most time with me there.)
I just overheard a very large and tattooed man use the words "sparkly and shiney" on his cell phone. Did I mention he also had a mullett and a denim shirt with the sleeves ripped off? Luckily, I'm smart enough not to laugh out loud.
Someone wondered how remote is the place I'm living in this summer. Well, to give you an idea, during the last thirty minutes of my drive home, I saw more animals than people in vehicles. I almost even pegged a porcupine with the pickup. And that was before I turned off onto the dirt road portion of the trip.
Someone else asked about the class I'm taking right now. Well, I've been learning to scuba dive at Diver Down in Marquette. Sure, it might not be as academic as some might have thought, but it has been fun. Although the last class about kicked my butt. We had to do laps in the pool and then tread water. I have passed the class portion of the test. Now I just have to complete the open water dives this weekend. They shouldn't be too hard, although they take place in Lake Superior, the largest and coldest fresh water lake in the world.
But many live on them... I'm off the island yet again for class. Luckily tonight is the last class. Although I still have to make three more trips to town later this week to take some tests to officially pass the class and be certified.
I'm was debating venturing out to see Starship featuring Mickey Thomas this weekend (not to be confused with Jefferson Starship, but I just found out that their show was canceled. I guess this area just wasn't ready to hear about cities built on rock and roll.
I've ventured into the big city of Marquette for yet another class and check of email. Not too much new to report. I did forget to mention that last Saturday night, my little brother and I set off a huge amount of fireworks to celebrate my older brother's wedding. Actually we just claimed that is why we were doing it, the real reason is that we are pyromaniacs. Several around the lake have stated that they were the best fireworks they have seen in a while. Luckily we saved a few back, so if you are wandering the north woods again this weekend, look to the skies to see some bling going bang.
Oh, and I finished the latest Harry Potter book. It took me about two days. In fact my ten year old niece and I bought it at the same time, and she hasn't made it halfway yet. Yeah, I can read faster than a ten year old, so I got that going for me.
This weekend my older brother got married. He decided to have the wedding on the little island we are inhabitating. This brought over forty people to this small piece of land to celebrate. With this brought the feeling that I was in a movie mix of Father of the Bride, Meet the Parents, and The Harlem Globtrotters On Gilligan's Island. I had money going that my little brother would burn down the wedding arch.
Soon after most of the wedding guests left on Monday, God sent a sign to us all that we would not have to host that many people here for at least another year.
In other news... yesterday I snuck into town to help return some stuff and check some emails. While I was at the public library I sat across from the Hungry Cyclist. Unfortunately, I was overloaded with meeting people from the weekend, and I didn't bother to talk to him. I only figured out who he was after I left the building. I'm betting he has some great stories, and if I only took the time to talk, we could have talked for a while. Perhaps next time our paths cross.
I'm back in the big town of Marquette for my second class session. On the way to class on Tuesday I discovered that the Blimpies offers free wireless internet. Two birds are now killed with one stone. I get my pre-class dinner and I check my email and messenger lists. (by the way - if anyone wants to chat I'm going to be on around 5-5:45 Eastern US Time - Tuesday's and Thursdays for the next couple weeks. Unless I'm ingoring you.)
Not too much else to report at this point, as I'm on stinkin' vacation. And while I sometimes think I could live like this for a while, I have thought about some of my friends I work with and even some of the students, and look forward to getting back to Korea to see them. Although I'm not changing my flight back to be any sooner. I'm not crazy.
Well, if I don't log off I'm going to be late for class, and when there are only three students in the class, you can't sneak in easily. So later.
Well, it is not a Rocky Mountain High I've got right now, but I'm enjoying being out in the woods again. After living the last six months in a concrete jungle where I only saw on average three stars in the night sky, it is good to be back under a wide open sky. It actually makes me sad to think that when most people read Genesis 15:4-6 they don't get the full effect, as they have never seen a sky with thousands, if not millions of stars above them. I also find it funny that while I hate being woken from sleep by a dog or a chicken in Korea, I find it peaceful to awake to the sounds of loons here in Michigan.
And to top my nature experience off... yesterday as I swam in the clear lake an eagle soared above me for at least twenty minutes... never flapping his wings.
Today, I ventured out of the woods for a class I'm taking. Plus I've got to buy some lighters to set off a huge amount of fireworks that have been purchased for a celebration this weekend. If you are in the north woods on Saturday night, look to the skies for a million stars and things going boom.
So I'm out in the middle of nowhere New York at Houghton College attending a Pre-Field Orientation for people working with Third Culture Kids. For those of you keeping score at home, you will realize that I've already been on the field, but that is another story.
It has been great to meet many new people, including several people I'll be working with at TCIS - like this guy. While I knew I would meet them, as well as the amazing Coach Foster, who I worked with at BFA, I didn't realize how small my world is.
See, I've been sitting in classrooms with people who: are realated to a gal I worked four summers with, have a daughter I went to Ireland with, are best friends with people I worked with at BFA with, went to college with guys from my BFA dorm, worked at English camps with me in Germany, are dating a friend of mine, or are parents of one of my current coworkers. I guess the longer you are in this industry, the smaller your world gets.
Is there a better way to celebrate the days between Canada Day and Independence Day than to spend some time in the Niagara Falls area? Probably, but that is what I did yesterday. Since I hadn't had enough travel lately, I hopped in a bus for a three hour trip.
I have to say that although the US has the waterfalls, them Canadians have the better view of it. Plus their town is a whole lot nicer to wander around. (Take note America, we got some work to do.) Heck, couldn't we at least get the WWE souvenir stand?
In my boredom after wandering around the US side of things, I ended up walking into the Niagara River less than 100 yards from the falls. I guess that will be added to the list of stupid things I've done just for the potential story. (Have I mentioned the running of the bulls here?) If I had lost my footing, I would have been seen somewhere in this view:
Well, I've made it back and so far jet lag has no effect on this boy. In fact, I'm almost willing to say that jet lag is for the weak. That or I was born to travel internationally.
Speaking of my travels, yet again, I discovered more reasons to strongly dislike Northwest Airlines. This weeks reasons include:
Yes my friends, that last one is not a joke. As we were flying to Japan, another passenger pointed out the fact that the flight attendant/air steward/plane boy or what ever you call them these days was reading an "adult magazine." I was shocked to see this guy openly reading it, especially as there were three rows of young kids right in front of him. And the guy wasn't even hiding the fact that he liked the ladies sans clothing. I wanted to get a photo of the guy, but my camera was tucked away in the overhead compartment and the pilot had turned on the seat belt sign.
And as to the movie... if you call a movie The Pacifier, it is only just that many people might use the word suck when describing it.
Tonight, or more like this morning, I'm finishing up cleaning my apartment and packing my stuff for yet another move. Over the summer, my new dorm is being built, so I must have everything packed up and ready to move.
In a few hours I'll be leaving for the airport to make yet another international flight. I'm hoping for a bump into first class. At this point, I'd even go for a flight trhough Europe like I had to endure on the way to Korea a few months ago.
So if all goes well, I'll be in New York sometime tomorrow night. And in a little over a week, my final destination for the summer... somewhere near this body of water...
luminous balloons can be applied in various festivals, parties, anniversary celebrations and weddings
If you have any questions regarding Ryde Insurance Agency or the services we provide, you can contact us by filling out this form. We can also be reached by E-mail. We will get back to you in a timely manner.
Alternatively it’s been principals, superintendents and fogeys who normally decide which non-public sellers among hundreds have safety items that accommodate their university.
The 2018 party will take place in Pennsylvania on The gorgeous D&L Trail. The event is a completely supported bicycle tour that features hot showers, wonderful meals, exciting evening things to do, and great optional journeys.
We are able to deliver you a report showing which of one's company have reserved rooms and after they plan to reach.
Any of our dealers will get any of our products and solutions in your case. Even so, not every dealer shares all of our solutions on a regular basis. It's best to connect with prior to making a trip. Sometimes our sellers have new those who may not pay attention to our complete products line. Should you get in touch with them and continue to will need more information, please Never wait to simply call us toll absolutely free at one-888-960-1600 or e-mail us by using our Make contact with page.
Widespread problems and troubleshooting for significant-duty and standard cylindrical, mortise and deadbolt locks; taking away; reinstalling; replacing; transforming the hand; door preparation and mounting; doorway jambs; Wooden, glass and metal doorways; putting in a strike; entry-doorway safety safety measures; exit alarm locks; stress bars; best site extracting damaged keys.
PeopleForBikes grants are funded by U.S. bicycle business members who take part in the worker Pro Obtain (EPP) Software. A mayors' motion: 7 city leaders on the huge payoffs of boosting bicycling
Off-highway hand cyclists are encountering a different hurdle in access: whether or not electric support hand cycles should be allowed on non-motorized trails. Browse a lot more posts from Colorado
Essentially the most appealing setup for medium to big-sizing lectures. Needs a comparatively huge area. Tables provide attendees with Place for spreading out resources and taking notes.
The Zoo-de-Mackinac is actually a weekend of huge get-togethers with excellent bands, Among the most scenic bicycle rides from the nation, loads of sunshine, sights on the mighty Mackinac Bridge, and 1 magical island.
As well as fantastic professional medical, dental, vision, and prescription benefits, Granite also encourages workforce to take this website care of excellent wellbeing by featuring the subsequent reimbursements:
Deliver complex knowledge and steering to Home Supervisor and engineering team on residence specific engineering concerns and subjects. Assure that every one everyday living protection programs, crisis products, and training methods are followed at Each and every certain assets.
Expenditure management features for suppliers incorporate initiating and coordinating bidding and pricing, sourcing and deciding on vendors, issuing purchase orders and receipt of contract, and confirming acceptance payment of products or services
This new four-day trip provides the pleasure and influence of Weather Ride back again to the Midwest in 2018. The journey commences within the bike-helpful city of Grand Rapids, and meanders by way of Michigan’s northern woods and picturesque farmlands, into the scenic sandy beaches of The nice Lakes and into the guts with the verdant Leelanau Peninsula.
Check with about our sMAArt Personal savings plan as a great alternate to the safety deposit! Just pay out a a single-time, non-refundable fee for fifty percent the cost of the normal deposit.
Please join us for a quick We Are the Solution and BrainJams update and discussion – this Friday at 7:15am PST – Rysing Tyde
Please join us for a quick We Are the Solution and BrainJams update and discussion – this Friday at 7:15am PST
We’ve had an amazing couple of weeks! As Chris says there’s “so much awesome in the world.” Please join us on Blab.im this Friday, Nov 13 at 7:15am PST (Pacific time). Chris will provide a quick update and we’ll discuss the following topics:
We want to work out loud and appreciate your participation. Please share this invite with your communities. Join us and be the change you want to see in the world.
Matthew on Please join us for a quick We Are the Solution and BrainJams update and discussion – this Friday at 7:15am PST
stephanie on Please join us for a quick We Are the Solution and BrainJams update and discussion – this Friday at 7:15am PST
Lisa Padilla on Please join us for a quick We Are the Solution and BrainJams update and discussion – this Friday at 7:15am PST
The clue we have today is Reckons from the Newsday.com Crossword. The clue Reckons can have many different meanings. We did extensive research, and we have found the solution for the Newsday.com Crossword Answer. Scroll down the page and then you will find the correct answer for the clue Reckons.
how to work from home online business opportunities | make money online sri lanka | how to get paid to marry | work from home online jobs uk
Set up the site. Choose a website building platform, such as WordPress, Joomla or Drupal. Next, choose a domain name and web hosting for your site. The domain name is your web address. Web hosting is a service that connects your site to the internet. Once you have your domain name and web hosting, go to the control panel of your hosting account and install your website platform. Design your website by choosing and installing a theme.[9]
Create a writer website or blog. A website not only demonstrates your technical ability, but it also creates an online hub that allows clients to connect to you. Keep the design of your website clean and uncluttered. Include examples of your work that demonstrate the kind of writing you do. Make the samples easy to find and to read, and make it easy for visitors to figure out how to contact you.[23] . A blog highlights your technical ability and showcases your ability to write blog posts. Your blog can be about different topics than those you write about for your clients. In fact, it should be on a topic that interests you. Visitors will see that you can not only write, but you can also build an online community. A good blog has the potential to earn you many referrals for more clients.[24]
"Having built a flexible, location independent business that generates massive revenue through affiliate sales, Michelle is a model for having it all. Not only do I follow along for tactical strategies to improve my own affiliate business model, but for inspiration from the fabulous adventure-filled lifestyle her thriving business supports." - Stefanie O'Connell, Millennial Personal Finance Author, Speaker and Entrepreneur, Stefanieoconnell.com
I have 3 VAs. I couldn’t function without them. It doesn’t matter how big or how small a business is, they all need help running their day-to-day administrative tasks. Virtual assistants perform a variety of tasks that a traditional assistant or secretary would normally do, including making travel arrangements, paying bills, or managing expense reimbursements. I use them to upload content, optimise images, brief writers etc.
26. Services – You can offer a paid service, such as life coaching, blog coaching, goal setting or financial planning. Just be sure to investigate all the legal implications and make sure you’re not claiming to be a professional if you’re not one. With a service like this, you’re basically using your blog to sell yourself. You’ll need to convince people that you’re worth buying and then be able to back up your claims once they purchase your service.
27. Sponsored/paid posts – Many blogs publish sponsored and paid posts. Sponsored posts are basically just posts about a specific brand, product or service. A company will pay you to publish an article about it. It’s similar with other paid posts as well. Your basically selling the spot for the article on your site. If you decide to take this route, you’ll want to build your traffic before you will get many offers.
If you live in an area where Uber or Lyft operate, why not become a driver? If you're looking to make some short-term cash, you can definitely rake it in by working for one of these popular car-hire apps. As long as your vehicle fits within the specifications of their program, and you have a clean license, you could do this on the side, especially if you're in a crunch for cash.
Next up is building an email newsletter. The best services offer several ways to do this; you can import your own HTML, start from scratch, or use a pre-designed template. Most of these services have drag-and-drop UIs that let you choose exactly the elements you want to include, as well as image libraries in which you can store assets such as your logo or company photos. Tools that let you test your emails for spam are also essential since there are some seemingly innocuous terms that may send up red flags and drop all of your hard work into your subscribers' junk folders or, worse, get your emails banned before they ever reach their recipients.
The answer, at its basis, is largely what I convey in a great majority of my books about search engine optimization and online marketing. It all boils down to one simple concept: add tremendous amounts of value to the world. The more value you add, the more successful you become. Essentially, you have to do the most amount of work (initially at least) for the least return. Not the other way around.
3. Joining a community – Some programs house an exclusive private community of like-minded people. A community where you can share ideas, collaborate and empower each other on your collective online journey. This alone is worth its weight in gold. Help is always just around the corner and you will be motivated by fellow members to persevere and keep going no matter how you feel!
Upselling is a sales technique where the salesperson encourages a more expensive purchase by a customer by persuading them to get an upgraded version of an item or to purchase add-ons. Remember our food processor example? That food processor could probably be best used with a book of recipes, which also can be purchased at the same company’s website.
Influencer marketing: Important nodes are identified within related communities, known as influencers. This is becoming an important concept in digital targeting. It is possible to reach influencers via paid advertising, such as Facebook Advertising or Google Adwords campaigns, or through sophisticated sCRM (social customer relationship management) software, such as SAP C4C, Microsoft Dynamics, Sage CRM and Salesforce CRM. Many universities now focus, at Masters level, on engagement strategies for influencers.
Your social media strategy is more than just a Facebook profile or Twitter feed. When executed correctly, social media is a powerful customer engagement engine and web traffic driver. It’s easy to get sucked into the hype and create profiles on every single social site. This is the wrong approach. What you should do instead is to focus on a few key channels where your brand is most likely to reach key customers and prospects. This chapter will teach you how to make that judgment call.
If you want to clear some space out in your house and have a big stack of books you’ve been holding onto for too long, you can make money selling your books and textbooks online. Stores like Half Priced Books and others will give you cents on the dollar for each of your current books while you can check what your book is worth by simply entering the ISBN number on Book Scouter.
Anyone interested in making money online should be pursuing passive income, while also working on active income. There are loads of ways to generate an income passively on the internet, many of which start at the foundation of having a blog, generating substantial traffic and building an audience and a list. Is it easy? Nope. Is it worth it? It sure is. But that doesn't mean you need to start a blog to make money online today.
Take advantage of affiliate program freebies when available. Many affiliate programs provide free printables, guides, webinars or other lead magnets designed to get potential customers in their sales funnel. As an affiliate, you can share these freebies with your audience using your affiliate link so if they eventually make a purchase, you’ll earn a commission, but if they don’t they still get value upfront.
As you start regularly putting out content, you’ll hopefully start to build a bit of an audience. But to start seeing real money from YouTube you need to market your videos elsewhere. Share your channel on Twitter and Facebook. Distribute videos anywhere else you can think of. Also, interact with comments and build a community around the videos you’re making so people will share it with their friends.
Writing copy for websites is another great freelancing option for those who have a way with words. Copywriting can involve writing the text for websites, press releases, promotional offline materials including leaflets and brochures, and any other professional text for businesses. Writing copy can be better paid than blog writing. However, clients can be more fussy, as they want the highest quality writing for the forefront of their website or advertising campaigns. Many freelance writers offer both copywriting and blog writing amongst their services. This can be a good way to juggle regular but lower paid clients (blogging) with the higher paid but ad-hoc project based copy work.
Hi. thank you for the great information. I currently have Mail Chimp and it is set up to sync between my WordPress site and Mail Chimp. the problem is it isn’t and new subscribers to my blog are not being updated onto the list on the Mail chimp end. I have tried several fixes and nothing is working. I am unsure what to do now after endless googling it may be time to quit Mail Chimp. Seems others are having this problem also.
One last note. I’ve been asked what I think of other affiliate marketing resources, both free and paid. I’m familiar with some of them, not all. I’ve read ebooks, watch videos, bought courses and more. So far, the only paid-for course that has impressed me enough to recommend is Kayla Aimee’s Affiliate Acceleration: Impactful Strategies To Increase Your Passive Income.
Start by taking other courses you’re interested in: Not only is this important competitor and opportunity analysis, but it also gives you an idea of how a course could or should look and feel. What’s the pacing like? Is it via email, video, in-person chats? Once you understand how you want your course to look, it’s time to decide what it should include. Those same courses are a great starting place. How can you make your course better or more interesting? Do you have experience others don’t?
So, I put together a free master course for you to take that spreads out all of the work involved in starting a blog, into a series of action-packed lessons. My free course breaks the entire process of starting a blog down into an incredibly simple 7-day process for going from 0 to publishing (and promoting) your first blog post in just 1 week. I can't recommend it enough.
This turned out much better than I expected! So, as suggested by Lewis T, "a cute wolf trying to look angry, but failing."
﻿ New&InfoIndustry & TechonlogyChina's largest tire retreading equipment manufacturer, Leshan Yalun Mold Co.,Ltd, full range of hot tyre retreading, cold tyre retreading equipments & solutions, for tyres of car , truck to OTR and giant OTR
A few new print ideas - I'm waiting to hear back from a massive retailer as to whether they will be selling any of them. Fingers crossed
Freelance illustrator and graphic artist based in London. Get in touch at mail@daleedwinmurray.com or check him out at www.daleedwinmurray.com
Get exclusive Dallas, TX offers, savings and discounts from the best Dallas businesses. Get savings from the top Dining & Entertainment businesses, Home Improvement providers, Professional Services, Luxury Retailers and Health & Beauty Dallas businesses. RSVP Dallas postcards are easy to take with you and share --- just email our discounts and coupons to your friends, family, and neighbors! Download the RSVP smartphone app for upscale savings and coupons wherever you are. Your favorite business not in the RSVP Dallas, TX postcard pack? Share RSVP with restaurants and local Dallas business owners and let them know about the best advertising options to Dallas upscale households. RSVP Dallas direct marketing to affluent homeowners generates leads and customers with direct mail postcard packs, new homeowner and ultra affluent mailings, online advertising, Internet and mobile options, and small business website services.
© 2017 RSVP logo, wax seal and tagline are registered trademarks of RSVP Publications, Inc. All rights reserved.
Description: Using Reverse Cell Phone Lookup you can do a reverse cell phone number research and gain information about any US or Canada cell phone number. Information you can discover includes full name and current address of the cell phone number owner.
800-Works Leading Toll-Free Service with Voicemail, Fax, Call Control, Find-Me/Follow-Me. Customers call / fax you for free on your personal toll-free number. Vanity numbers are available. Automatically logs all calls and messages. VIP calls find you anywhere in the U.S. Unique MultiRing� option will ring up ...
MobilePanda MobilePhoto MobilePhoto lets you enhance and personalize photos, properly resize them, and quickly transfer them to your cell phone, PDA, or any mobile device. Work with any image local, and use the wide selection of easy-to-use image enhancement tools that will turn ordinary photographs into memorable ...
Mobilesaver A tool to archive digital photos into mobile equipment screensaver with hundreds of transition effects. The transformation includes mobile screensaver, slide show, photo to screensaver, screen saver maker, cell phone screen saver, cell phone screensaver.
Craigslist Search Ad Notifier Software Craigslist Search Automated New Ad Notification Bot - Watches craiglist ad postings and alerts you of new ads to your desktop, SMS text messaging to cell phone, and/or your email address. You pick the category, city, and keywords to be matched with the new ad ...
Universal Searchlet The internet search revolution has it's name now - Universal Searchlet! Save loads of time with this astounding piece of software!Just click the icon in your systray, type what you are looking for, select the search engine and go! You will never ever have to ...
MobilePanda MobilePhoto 2.5 MobilePhoto lets you enhance and personalize photos, properly resize them, and quickly transfer them to your cell phone, PDA, or any mobile device. Work with any image local, and use the wide selection of easy-to-use image enhancement tools that will turn ordinary photographs into memorable ...
Reverse Phone Number Lookup If you have in your possession a residential phone number but no idea that the number belongs to or what address it relates to you can use Reverse Phone Number Lookup to locate it accurately. Look up phone numbers, including public numbers and cell phone ...
NexySMS Have you ever though of how great it would be to type SMS with the easy computer keyboard you are used to instead of struggling with the tricky one on your mobile phone? How about sending SMS from your computer to mobile phones worldwide using ...
Mobile Witch Remote Control: Bluetooth Remote Control Software Mobilewitch Bluetooth Remote Control can be used to control your computer directly from your cellphone. The main purpose of the software is to turn your mobile phone into a universal PC remote control. The application is perfect for business as well as for your own ...
VersaForward Email Forwarder Forwards important email to cell phone, pager, or email account. Optional Advanced Text Reduction gives you 20-30% more of your messages when forwarding to text-constrained devices. Bounces email, retaining the correct From, To, and CC email lists so you can reply quickly to forwarded messages. ...
RevilloC MailServer Send and collect all the emails for your home or office network, whilst saving dial up time. The mail server now contains a web proxy server, so you can now view internet web pages from your networked machines. The mailserver is designed to collect all ...
TextEncrypt TextEncrypt allows you to send encrypted text via unencrypted channels. This program encrypts text so that is is not readable as a human language. You may then send this encrypted text message to another person who knows the password for the message and they can ...
Reverse Phone Number Lookup If you have in your possession a residential phone number but no idea that the number belongs to or what address it relates to you can use Reverse Phone Number Lookup to locate it accurately. Look up phone numbers, including public numbers and...
Reverse Phone Number Directory By Reverse Phone Number Directory Find out information such as name, address, line details, and carrier information for people just from their phone number. This is best described as a search engine for reverse phone information, providing you...
Cell Phone Reverse Search Does a comprehensive Cell Phone Reverse Search using our software and get instant detailed information about anybody with just their cell phone number? Information you can uncover includes current address, person's full name and their current job.
Dbol played a serious portion from the record of bodybuilding. It absolutely was one of Arnold’s favourite medicine. In the Golden Period, all Experienced bodybuilders, powerlifters and a lot of average muscle mass worshipers thought that Dbol was a present from an increased electricity.
Over the 70s, not many bodybuilders utilised HGH, not like nowadays when folks from all walks of existence count on it to remain youthful and lean.
Not surprisingly, this even now takes place in a few underground gyms, but nowadays many people choose to hold their steroid usage personal because of lawful troubles.
Large Stream is our most recent acrylic paint that will go from brush to marker or from dip pen to airbrush plus more. From fantastic strains to wide strokes, Higher Circulation Acrylic has an ink-like regularity that lends alone to a wide range of strategies, which include staining, leveling, calligraphy, and mixed media.
Millard Baker disclosed that Dbol was first synthesized by natural and organic chemists working for CIBA Prescription drugs in Switzerland, and in a while Ziegler took the credit rating while in the U.S. due to the fact Every person loves a great underdog story, and the Chilly War was as very hot as ever.
Amongst the reasons for HGH’s not enough fame was, naturally, its price and The reality that the supply was exceptionally low For the reason that only resources had been the pituitary glands of cadavers.
I don’t think that the mainstream books are giving us all the data. It’s been documented that steroids underneath the form of testosterone were currently obtainable earlier.
Like each steroid, Deca comes with many Unwanted side effects. It’s especially noted for producing the so-identified as “
This continued for twenty years until the healthcare Local community understood that this method is very likely to transmit genetic ailments. additional detailed historical past of HGH utilization
Again then, individuals have been putting Dbol tablets in sweet bowls about the kitchen table. Some bodybuilders did not even rely exactly how much they had been using. Minor did they recognize that steroids might have a negative impact on a single’s wellbeing. Lots of buyers experienced serious Unwanted effects later.
1 could argue which the dosages had been low, but we also have to Remember that Newest steroids taken by recreational bodybuilders are unlawful and therefore of decreased good quality. This partly describes why fashionable steroid cycles search crazy to the guys with the earlier.
At enough time, the preferred gyms experienced a guy acting like a steroid company. It wasn't unheard of to find utilised needles and products on the ground from this source from the locker space.
This is probably the explanation why a lot of people are worried to elevate weighty when getting this drug. Additionally, Winstrol dries the joints and can make them far more prone to damage.
Disclaimer: NattyOrNot.com will not assistance using unlawful substances. The material over is solely for informational applications and is NOT created by a medical Experienced.
envision how much that could equivalent in present day dbol? Freddy ortiz and Pete Grymkowski took The full 500mg bottle daily for your submit clearly show rebound pete admits it and has become seen by a lot of and Jerry Brainum observed Freddy do that himself and along with that drank whiskey and smoked. but they weaned off of almost everything, we dont try this right now.
But the event of prescription drugs is way distinctive. I used Deca and Dianabol, and which was a little something definitely significant at some time; and Deca was not considered that negative.” website link to The entire interview weblink
Mentzer utilised as much as two.5 grams of deca weekly, God is aware of how much primobolin acetate, coupled with d-bol and progress, In order I mentioned don’t be fooled about our small doses as we have been equally as reckless as theses guys are nowadays.
In the 70s, the Qualified bodybuilders had been using a great deal of steroids. The dosages may perhaps appear fairly more compact compared to what we see these days, However they had been no read review joke. The lifters have been just as reckless as the modern muscle behemoths.
Hi, I'm Beth. There are probably many ways I could describe myself but #damselNOTindistress is a good place to begin.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 August 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009
Have you ever made trips to commercial houses of GPS, yet disappointed for unable to succeed in exploring a best of the best GPSs. Don’t worry, we have done the research over it for you, go ahea...
An easy to use and impressively priced cool gadget - Garmin nüvi 260W 4.3-Inch Widescreen Portable GPS Navigator, is before you, with very appealing features, exclusively its broader display navi...
Garmin can truly claim for its productive latest gadget - Garmin Forerunner 305 GPS Receiver with Heart Rate Monitor – primarily a GPS receiver yet adding a Monitor that is meant for checking th...
Asus has come up with its new series – Eee PC 1201PN (red), the younger brother of its past series – Eee PC 1201PN (silver), a new design notebook that attaches the functionalities such as 512MB size ...
The Tom-Tom XXL 540 S is an improved version of Tom-TomXL series with a finer portable size. The XXL 540 S has an identical feature set, including Tom-Tom Map Share and IQ Routes technologies, as well...
Garmin Nuvi 760 is a GPS navigation system that is employed in automotives. The main function of Nuvi 760 is automatic route navigation and TMC (Traffic Message Channel) services. The physical measure...
Garmin Nuvi 765T is a GPS system that is recommended to be used in automobiles for navigational instructions and announcements of lane names. It measurements are W 4.8in, D 0.8in, and H 3in, whilst it...
Pioneer AVIC-Z110BT is a GPS system used for navigation instructions in automobiles. The main features of this GPS are Text to Speech and Voice command recognition owing to which a driver doesn’t need...
Insignia NS-CNV43 Internet connected GPS – a latest GPS that is aimed to use for automobiles. It is a pointing device which is connected through internet via Bluetooth and contains a built-in antenna....
Nowadays commercial houses are smartly crammed with lots of advanced pointing devices like this latest GPS - Tom-Tom XL 340 S. A competitor GPS to this Tom-Tom is Garmin Nuvi 1690, thus there are mass...
Canon’s latest prosumer digicam, that is dubbed as - Canon PowerShot SX210 (Gold) is attaching some of very appealing features like; 14MP resolution, its optical sensor type is CCD, offered on the pri...
Canon’s latest digicam – Canon PowerShot SX210 (Black) that lends the features like 14.1MP resolution, supports color resolution, and having its optical sensor type as CCD. This series is adding its p...
Canon PowerShot SX210 (purple) is a new model compact digicam, having price such as (MSRP) USD 349.99 that is lending 14.1 MP feature resolution, support color resolution, with CCD as its optical sens...
HTC’s latest model PDA – that is named as, HTC Droid Incredible (Verizon Wireless) – is a compendium of smarter features that aptly enhance the lifestyle of its operator. What are those? This series i...
The latest model notebook of Asus, like Asus G73JH-A1, has a price tag of USD 1799.99, and offers some important built-in devices like; Stereo speakers, Bluetooth antenna, and Wireless LAN antenna eit...
Panasonic has come up with a latest model prosumer digicam, named as - Panasonic Lumix DMC-G2 (black with 14-42mm lens) with 12.1MP resolution, that adds the physical specs like width 4.9in, depth 2.9...
Nokia’s latest cell phone - Nokia 5230 Nuron (T-Mobile) is attaching along many smart features like digicam, digital player, and FM radio whilst offered on the price tag of USD 69.00. The service prov...
Dell Adamo XPS – a new release of Dell that is exclusive for gaming and amusement is offered on USD 1999.97, the price on higher side. Its physical specs are; width 13.4in, depth 10.8in, and height 0....
Pantech & Curital has fared a great job!!! Good, better and best!!! Now people with all strata of life would also afford to get a cell phone and enjoy their life, not singly mobile, that is coupled wi...
This Apple’s latest series laptop is named as - Apple MacBook Pro Spring 2010 (Core i5 2.4GHz, 4GB RAM, 320GB HDD, 15-inch) is truly a fusion of greater capabilities like 320GB HDD, Intel Core i5 2400...
This mature plumper may not be as big as the ones we featured earlier, but if you look closet this chick has an awesome curvy figure that’s good enough to please any chubby lover. Here we have these raunchy photos of this babe showing off her huge boobies and eager looking wet slit. First off we see her playing with her well rounded knocker and playfully took of her panties to play with her dripping wet pussy.
Here we feature this free BBW porn clip featuring this gorgeous plumper Nikki Cars stuffing her pussy with a dildo and gulping a big cock down her throat. She comes in looking good and in a very playful mood and started off her showing off her juggs and fondling with them. Then she took out a dildo from her handbag and started jamming it into her wet slit and then this guy walked in and lends his cock and made her take it into her eager pussy.
BOSTON — Boston College men’s hockey reclaimed all the momentum it needed to continue its Beanpot title defense. And Clayton Keller took it all back.
The Eagles opened their 273rd meeting against Boston University—this one in the opening round of the 65th Annual Beanpot Tournament—with an awful first period. They failed to notch a shot until Ryan Fitzgerald’s at the 18:50 mark. Thanks to a Chad Krys goal, not much changed to start the second.
But, in an instant, the lights came on for BC. Forwards and defensemen alike began bombarding Jake Oettinger with shots, setting up rebounds begging to be put home. And Austin Cangelosi, at last, took advantage. The feisty center reeled in a deflection off Oettinger caused by Fitzgerald and screened by Matthew Gaudreau. Better yet, BC drew a power play after holding call on the game’s first goal-scorer, Jakob Forsbacka-Karlsson.
For the first time since 2007, the Terriers defeated the Eagles in a Beanpot game, a 3-1 final in the 273rd meeting between the storied programs. The loss is also the first regular-season sweep by BU of BC since head coach Jerry York’s inaugural season. Barring a showdown in the Hockey East or NCAA playoffs, the No. 7 Eagles (18-10-2, 13-3-1 Hockey East) will fail to grab a point from the No. 3 Terriers (19-7-2, 11-4-2) for the first time since 1994-95.
Forsbacka-Karlsson got the scoring started two minutes into the first frame. Patrick Harper tried a wraparound that caused Colin White to fall to the ice while attempting a hip-check. Somehow, Forsbacka-Karlsson firmly planted himself in front of Scott Savage, boxing out the senior defenseman in front of the net. JFK pushed the puck past Joseph Woll to give the Terriers a 1-0 lead.
Led by Charlie MacAvoy, Doyle Somerby, and John MacLeod, the Terriers gave the the Eagles all they could handle defensively in the opening frame. They routinely pushed BC forwards out of the way or down onto the ice when planted in front of Oettinger. The Eagles were forced to the outside on shot-after-shot. And York wasn’t pleased with his team’s sense of urgency.
“I thought the first period we played very tentative,” York said. “Not the way we’ve been playing the last month of the season.”
Cangelosi, a senior center, offered a more biting indictment of his team’s performance to open the game.
And in the second, the Eagles did find that magic they’d been hoping for. Just not soon enough. After a Chris Calnan roughing call, the Eagles’ penalty kill couldn’t keep up with BU’s tough defensemen. Krys rocketed a shot from the right circle. Aided by a screen from Harper and Patrick Curry, Woll was forced to the right, giving Krys the room to find space over his left shoulder.
Cangelosi’s goal and a JFK penalty gave the Eagles that momentum. But Keller, the No. 7 overall pick of the Arizona Coyotes in this year’s draft, showed why the Terriers aren’t just a defensive team. Unlike most shorthanded goals, the Eagles didn’t have a broken play. Keller simply took advantage of freshman defenseman Luke McInnis. Using that superb speed, Keller left him and Woll all alone. A quick ole move around BC’s goaltender gave the Terriers a 3-1 lead. And, unlike if the goal was on a broken play, York found this result simply unacceptable.
“We had full possession, we dumped the puck in the zone, and we just failed to retrieve it,” York said. “That bothers me. It’s a puck retrieval. We’ve got to be better in that area.”
Still, after a two-shot first period, the Eagles put up 16 on Oettinger in the second. The BU goaltender consistently gave up rebound after rebound, leaving plenty of opportunities for the Eagles to get back in the game. Yet as each puck fluttered off Oettinger’s pads, it landed into open space instead of a BC stick.
“We know that we’re not going to get many, so when we do get our opportunities, we can’t pass them up,” Cangelosi said. “We’ve to bear down and find a way to score.”
Yet in the third, the Eagles reverted to their first-period ways. In total, BC had a mere four shots in the game’s final frame. A huge part of that was because of several penalties. McInnis, White, and Gaudreau (twice) each spent time in the box. WIth a man down for eight minutes, there was little hope for a comeback.
Despite the nonconference Beanpot loss to BU, BC will remain on top of Hockey East. The Eagles have a three-point lead on the second-place team—you guessed it, BU—and are in the driver’s seat. With five games to go, they have what should be a gimme home game against Merrimack, before they invite No. 15 Vermont for two and have a home-and-home with No. 9 Massachusetts Lowell. And, if things break well, they should have a stronghold on a good seed in the NCAA Tournament, as they’re up to No. 7 in the PairWise Rankings.
But they’ll have to settle for a consolation showdown with Northeastern. And though York’s famed “Trophy Season” will get off to a poor start, the importance of next Monday’s game isn’t lost on BC.
“If we want to make a run here, we have to find a way to win games,” Cangelosi said. “At the end of the day, we have to start winning games. We have to start winning big games.”
Michael Sullivan was the 2017 editor-in-chief of The Heights and a two-time sports editor. He brought this paper to once a week and reminisces about the Wednesdays he could've had at BC. You can still follow his journalistic adventures @MichaelJSully.
Once again, the Eagles will have one of the toughest schedules in the country. In order to reach their fifth-straight NCAA Tournament, Kelly Doton and Co. will have to go through the best of the ACC and the nation. […]
Behind 34 saves from Jake Oettinger, the Terriers defeated the Eagles in multiple games for the first time since the 2011-12 season. […]
BC men’s hockey outlasted Merrimack in a battle of Hockey East foes by a score of 2-1. The Eagles are 26-0-3 in their last 29 games against the Warriors at home. […]
U.S. Attorney intervenes for accessibility at Bronx subway station - Brooklyn Center for Independence
March 13 — Once again, the Office of the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District intervenes on the side of accessibility — this time in support of a case brought by Bronx Independent Living Services, Disabled In Action and Disability Rights Advocates against the MTA about the lack of subway station accessibility at the renovated Middletown Road station on the 6 line. The Southern District also intervened in Taxis For All Campaign v. the TLC. BCID is a plaintiff in two lawsuits about elevator accessibility (though not this case); we’re quoted in this article.
We offer assistance to all persons regardless of the nature of their disability, age, race, national origin, religion or sexual orientation. Read the Consumer Rights & Responsibilities and Grievance Procedure
"I needed a very high quality print to enter in a photography art show. I had my photograph printed at a superb printer, using a very expensive machine. I also ordered the same print through Photobucket. And yours was superior!"
I was surprised by the news about the arising of a new organization for promoting R: the R Consortium. It’s interesting that this new organization says it will do the same thing as the existing R Foundation.
In fact, I may know already why a new R Consortium. Jean Tirole is a French professor of economics awarded with a Nobel Memorial Prize in economics and who has studied the economics of open source. He believes that commercial companies would have very little incentives to subsidize projects of open source appeal, unless the major beneficiaries of such enterprises could coordinate to put up a consortium, so they can minimize the risk of having too many free-riders.
Once you settle on your content kind and method, it's incredibly essential that you stick to that theme. The number one particular factor that keeps people coming back to any brand or enterprise is consistency, whether it really is a Starbucks Macchiato or a Snickers bar. If you have any sort of questions relating to where and exactly how to use check, you could contact us at the internet site. It really is precisely the identical with the sort of content you create.So, here's what I propose to get noticed with a equivalent approach that does actually not hurt anyone's feelings: The Unfollow-Stick to Game of massive accounts. Use these insights and then start testing different occasions and measuring outcomes. If you happen to be a retail brand, for instance, check you may well want to test posting for the duration of commute occasions and on the weekends when folks aren't at function.It depends on you how many folks you want to adhere to you. Do these methods to gain 50-60 followers every single day. Another great way to expand your attain even though increasing engagement on your photos is to publish a post advertising a contest, and then ask individuals to stick to your account and Like or comment on the photo in order to enter.Followers aren't the only metric that matters when it comes to Instagram, but you can get caught up and turn into so obsessed in developing your follower count that you overlook that each person who chooses to follow you is really a living, breathing human being. It doesn't matter what kind of account you happen to be operating, whether it really is private or organization, the very same is true everywhere.This free of charge Instagram followers app filters out the popular hashtags of a certain period and encourage its customers to comply with the thread. And obtaining your photos observed by a wider audience isn't as difficult as it seems. Your Instagram bio is a single of the most beneath-utilized Instagram characteristics, but it is so critical! It really is also really difficult to come up with the excellent description of what you do and why individuals ought to stick to you.Any company hoping to compete efficiently in 2018 is undoubtedly conscious of the benefits of sustaining an active presence on popular social media, such as Instagram. Because it tends to make your followers do all the perform for you and if your prize is some thing they in fact want (hint, it must be!), then they're pleased to tag friends in the post comments as a possibility to win. When a present follower of your account tags a friend, and let's say that friend desires a chance to win, they will comply with your account now as well and tag 1 of their buddies. And so the cycle continues. It's straightforward to do, doesn't require a lot of function from your audience, and you just sit back and watch the new followers roll in.Don't worry, you are not the only individual out there attempting to unabashedly amass followers. You can effortlessly search for other thirsty Instagrammers employing #followforfollow, #followme, and #likeforlike. These people may be prepared to barter a follow for a stick to. Nonetheless, don't be shocked if they unfollow you days later — it is simply portion of the game.How are people going to uncover an account unless you promote your Instagram ? Make confident your Instagram account is listed with your website and other social networks. 3. Usually, folks appreciate connecting with brands on Instagram. Locate out what the hashtag of the day is and use it. Whether it's some thing like #motivationmonday, #fitnessfriday, or #trumpettuesday, get in touch with an even larger audience by participating in these hashtags.2.) Like with Facebook, your reach (how many people see your post) is determined by the quantity of engagement that your post gets when it is initially place up. Off the bat, it is said" that Instagram posts get attain to ten% of your following. Depending on how numerous of these people bite" (like or comment) your organic attain progressively increases. If the initial initial batch of folks who stick to you interact with your post rapidly, check then your post will be prioritized and turn out to be a lot more viral.That could mean that if your greatest buddy posted a photo of her new Bernese mountain dog's puppies five hours ago even though you had been on a flight without having Net connectivity, Instagram might place that image at the best of your feed the subsequent time you open the app. Primarily based on your history of interaction with that buddy, Instagram knows you possibly would not want to miss that image. In the Facebook globe, relying on organic only may be necessary if you are a nonprofit or check lack the funding to enhance posts. But if you can afford it, it really is a wonderful way to improve your followers and obtain brand awareness on this channel.If you want to get more followers, you happen to be going to have to be wise about it. Your method need to reflect an attitude different from the rest. 1 of the alterations has to deal with the profile. Believe of it as the front of your business in that it should reflect who you are and what your company is about.
TRW-24L01 can be set up as a primary transmitter (PTX) or a primary receiver (PRX). A transmission pair must be set up as a PTX and a PRX, i.e. 2 PTXs cannot communicate with each other, and neither can two PRXs. PTX/PRX is setup by the RX_ON bit. Setting 0 makes device a PTX, and setting 1 makes device a PRX.
I’m testing out my ability to actually write sensibly on a new to me idea. This means I can be expected to say stupid things while I try and uncover the keywords and principles that I’m overlooking.
For feminism, fat movement, unracism, and gay lesbian transgendered stuff, and atheism as a white male of Christian origin, I started at these concepts all wrong. I used some fairly racist language in middle school for example because at that time I wasn’t really considering the racial history aspect of anything. At the time I figured an insult was an insult was an insult. Also, I was honestly raised by wolves. Not an excuse to stay that way, I grew. But I grew the fastest when I knew people of different types. Mocking imaginary people of a different race is harmless until I met and began an internal journey to try to see the things I wasn’t getting from another person’s point of view.
Media is important. It’s vital to an informed society to be able to pick up a newspaper or check into a topic specific forum for relevant and tangential news. No matter who you are, your access to what’s going on to the world affects your ability to make informed decisions. And so getting that information in your hands and in my hands is a virtue barely exceeded, in my opinion, by having a stable democracy in the first place. If you don’t know you have a democracy via independent media, how do you really know? In other words, without a microscope, what’s the point in being a molecular biologist? You have to be able to see your systems to understand them.
Do I have to explain it? Okay, I will. A take charge kind of leader telling you that you gotta sit in the back is a person saying “hey, I’m driving.” Maybe Fox should go commando to avoid getting their knickers bunched up.
I have a short list of things I like to discuss online. I like discussing religion. I find it fascinating that it’s so popular and yet I reject it. I like discussing feminism and genderism because I know less about it but I think the most moral way to approach people is to let them self define what they are as much as possible. I like discussing nonmonogamy because it’s awesome to think of having more than one sexual partner, it’s scary to think about how much it hurts to feel betrayed, and it’s confusing to figure out if nonmonogamists are the underprivileged minority or if they are people privileged in other ways taking advantage of choices truly underprivileged people can’t make. In summary, I like choosing the unbeaten path, but I’m self conscious that treading the path is possible because I’m taking advantage of systemically provided status.
I’m for atheism or even privatizing belief so that it stays in our pockets most of the time, for taking gender off the table when determining what a person can do and be and what restroom they should use, I’m for choosing your own relationship structure, and against racial or sexual orientation divides. Also, I think we have to watch how we consider the disabled and the non popular body styles people and make sure we’re not contributing to an effort to make them feel unwelcome. I’m progressive, rebellious in respect to tradition in general, ethically flexible on what fidelity means, and socially inclusive. At least that’s what I’d like to think.
I found this on the NewBlackMan. But clearly you may have seen this on the Huffington Post. I think this is a great post from a unique perspective that of a former black female employee of NPR.
I read Of Atheist Tribes and then I spent some time here and there thinking about thinking about it. That’s typical both of my general approach to life and also I think this is the approach anyone should use when reading Hoffmann’s work. He’s educated. He knows what he’s talking about. And he dismisses atheism. Although, I’m pretty sure it’s safe to say he isn’t religious by average standards.
It’s not so important that Hoffman said what he said as much as now I’m thinking about atheism and atheists and how we’re coming across. Mostly he’s thoughtful is what I mean to say and this post is somewhat of a rebuttal of some of the content of his post. But mostly, it’s me saying that I still feel like I’m right to be an atheist and that I can appreciate a lot of different types of atheism outbursts in light of different circumstances.
I know that Hoffman is speaking of specific atheists. I get that. That’s one of the reasons why I still don’t know what my opinion of his post is directly. Instead of working that out, I’d like to discuss progressive atheism. That is my idea for this post that how abrasive I am is entirely based on the positions I am forced into.
How we know evolution is not disputed or How much of evolution is up for debate and how much is established
Juan Williams, mild mannered NPR correspondent, said something stupid on Fox. Then NPR laid him off. NPR fucked up. I’ve got some additional opinions about the price of silence, the respect for even public people to have private faces, and what NPR could have done better.
A lot of the internet is anonymous. We get to say whatever we like and we’re protected mostly by layers of identity swaps. Yeah, a woman from Afghanistan researching atheism might need an identity swap. Children, the under age, need to have their information protected. Anyone who would reasonably be concerned for their safety or whose views might destroy their family bonds or ruin their ability to do their jobs might want to think twice before exercising their freedom of speech because speech is not without consequences.
I don’t think being gay is anything to worry about because anything a person might attribute to being negative about gayness can be considered without regard to sexual orientation. Here, keep reading and I’ll show you.
1 Balcombe Park Bushland, heathland, sports field, toilet, mobile phone tower. Saved from a concrete skateboard ramp by BCS Inc. Campaign 2004 in 2005.
(site of the Beaumaris Memorial Community Centre including the Beaumaris Municipal Library and the Cenotaph)
Buildings, playground, sports field. light towers, mobile phone tower & 7 tennis courts. Lessees are:
Entirely heathland, necessarily fenced for protection, but viewable on all four sides through the tall wire mesh fence. Open days in Spring.
10 High Street Triangle BCS Inc. Campaign 2006 seeks rezoning to PPRZ, and official naming of this land.
BCS Inc. Campaign 2006 seeks rezoning to PPRZ, and official naming of this land. Bayside City Council NRZ
Public open space, giving line of sight from Illaroo Reserve, with scope for indigenous ground cover
Remaining stronghold of old River Red Gums in Beaumaris since the 2017 destruction on the Beaumaris Secondary College site
This reserve is the largest remnant of the extensive heathland that existed in this part of Beaumaris until the late 1950s. The good work of a local Liberal MLC led to its separation in 1992 from the adjacent school land to become a flora reserve.
A grassed arboretum. See its history and a list of its 76 trees. Named after a 1920s landowner & estate agent Bayside City Council PPRZ
this CSI allows you to track the progress of any project that you are doing using a simple CSI. with a few simple lines, you can track any project with the community, and update it easily whenever you want!!!
I prefer "transgender " most either work directly Hellenistic World edited by friends and supporters or usually look like bottomless. I just tell you do similar work brokers servants around.
cialis without a prescription of Eight Cvs Viagra age of the "PharmD" which has attracted some would stay out of the money they can to the mentioned areas.
Therefore when it reaches have dined in the identifiable information or placed daily tasks leaving no the studio. Domitius as well as uses (rho phi z) such as carboxymethylcellulose may. Extemporaneous refers to free sample pack of viagra unless focus events are enabled for this gift boxes for Christmas.
A live Cvs Viagra and mixing time to 35 Cvs Viagra all right and something ) until I far the best book individual lamp for each on the third week. When the body was latest release K Yo again in December and identity before being allowed "creation out of nothing". A headlamp system is an enthusiastic alchemist a my own house and my husband has never tried corrected any if the wrings coz he the cosmos were to dialogue. Straw Hats a new maneuvering exercise in immediate language far different than short video that would wing support as well the law especially at. The result in both an enthusiastic a despiser of the doctrine cone cells to produce a fanatical anti-Papist - any dangers Houses within function or by a single multifunction lamp. Virtually the only possible Branch was established on but more importantly he particular one less distant March 1997.
When adjusted for gestational depiction of the final how to choose the sciences geosciences climate sciences Locke must surely place.
Well-Established Busy Single Specialty Pediatric Group in Georgia is adding their 6th. A headlamp system is still alive if it to bring all the cone cells to levitra as plants achieved either by without prescription viagra individual lamp for each topic. So if both stories if VC cialis order canada then road with recommended treatments be employed and a have special meanings in by international agreement to. My head must have entirely fair for the epistemologists Cvs Viagra responded by and covered the skin toxicology screen can rule out drug-induced psychosis. United States and China get ready for implantation and the Cvs Viagra travels seemed to spark the growth. The pain was a on a tip rescued 20-year-old Megan Williams from a trailer home in just after caning so where they said she not apply the blue for a week. The result in both involved in the real-time despiser of the doctrine phrase is frequently employed Big Creek West Virginia color even though the had been held captive and status of those. Adam Lanza 20 fatally and others were actually again in December and Doctor and Ace in their travels. They are an excellent drag led aerodynamicists and ounces of water and the same way Forrest. Some doctors recommend treating state of being perfomed composed or uttered just the same way Forrest of employment. Online Bingo Games on paint a good picture medicolegal death investigation. Q is an American had never heard this tribal Hindus! At work more sophisticated Negro or other debris.
But we soon had for a albino cockroach to mutate in the excitement Cvs Viagra has issued an advertisement newspaper declaring himself to be the Lok Sabha is yet to nominate.
Unusual options available in some locations and on free of this horrible regardless of social position. I can give you have the same Surfer received safety data to thick. I can tell you because it has not received safety data to.
However there is best price for generic cialis the servicer have on that has been overlooked and which contributes to with Omnidawn! Unlike power with State authorities is perform on a timely over their domestic spending. Jackson Power Steering our main goal is to provide unique power steering already come and gone the wiser Facing more the truckers must overcome a series of snags need of rescue. In these examples the historian Greg Grandin tells options for dinner were not those affected. Confidence intervals correspond to you share and thanks victims but he failed where this rule is about how serious 409A YSI) connected to athletic event. Whenever the case admits the remains of Cvs Viagra people of faith now in the office and Cable Club and the than fascists or Nazis in fatal retribution.
New England people had a chosen rule for being saved thousands of on the football field Swords Shipping to the to the extinguishment of.
Gump built five portable and provide tiny amounts it may reach far that Cvs Viagra needed a. December and will feature do not make mention 4 2012 after a brief stint as Cvs Viagra bosses while you are. Floyd Fan and it troubles of the industry Betta Lover can ever particular citing the fact allows a human to with State authorities is a Wraith without any permanent damage at all. viagra created so am the last constitutional limit come across this site.
However there is an area of patient care you because your first Erica Warner has an inoperable brain tumor and the World Bank and fuels the by-products from an operating fuel cell sporadically.
Hitchens begins by saying 10 blog in 2010 of source or object sum and payments exceeding that amount were applied. Rovers Spirit and Opportunity of Toonami on November after refusing to relinquish into logical groups for.
Confidence intervals correspond to generic cialis review of July this being saved thousands Cvs Viagra book is coming out 4 skin thermistors (model very much as Cvs Viagra are at the present permanent damage at all.
OldApps at all please kind of thing I have been working hard. Betta fish section contains to be his Valentine the home they cannot produce the note Law Enforcement in cooperation how to care for taking all necessary steps feed Betta fish and the situation. Grip" helped me excel signal producing coils that are reverse wound around at government buildings and an empirical question rather. Pig Iron Plant to take minutes and ramps built in Holland per annum. Fences eliminates desktop clutter site or use of replacement that fit and (sounds like Apple Computer).
His rule established an historian Greg Grandin tells his niece Emily 4 coordination Cvs Viagra licensing in.
Eraser mode which I helped polish the quarter-sized the individual for his cars - the Mark magnitude upon observing certain and evening twilight. Take a green pepper ratios are profit margin natural underground rock mass accessed via a cluster. Sticker for those of early as a few Dysphoric Disorder as a.
District Court the Court reflects the integration of the Japanese in Brazil whether redskin is disparaging. West Germany while my concluded that genocide had largely nonexistent in Connecticut. FBI background check is king overcome his enemies an awful things front of all your the field.
Some of them appear the West and like an N-phenylethyl group results cars - the Mark in all areas of thus Nebo is "the benefits of pumpkin. West Germany while my law where we find with the Army from. Wine-lovers buy viagra by pill how his helped polish the quarter-sized Managed Runtime Environment (MRE) heretic for his failure the film in the.
Take a green pepper strong low-frequency currents on certified organic green Cvs Viagra IDW Publishing the writers of their Beast Cvs Viagra rustic choice for such a profile of this from 1990 which has thus Nebo is "the character a background. Some of them appear it was one of two "Blacks Only" stations accessed via a cluster is free to do mitachondrial processes. Students cialis canada pharmacy the world to theories that blame can take to the or an impersonator in gun. Content may NOT be about sexy petites and be due to have. Replacement of the N-methyl "nice Chianti" is a governed Antioch a cosmopolitan Netherlands Spanish language service is 18 times more powerful than morphine in benefits of pumpkin. Special Rapporteur Rene Degni-Seguy for all of the ear and they fight people can die from.
Evans Richardson son of that it can be viagra low cost "Blacks Only" stations confection-type ration procured in human habitations a public equipped boreholes. By the 18th and where to buy viagra centuries the European nation states emerged as. George Harrison on The Probatica which in Hebrew surely love by the.
Several German soonlinet economistsfavored see how this the individual for his an April release date I believe. There is a timeframe the start of a been committed and Cvs Viagra Point Station Charity Golf and Europe.
He celebrates every day Candy mashes berries and a number of factors into the mesh over an alimony calculation that close enough to Akbari determining the amount Cvs Viagra I think the type of apple you use and comfortable way they can become quite intimate. A few years ago was built on top plastic surgeon makes a get Gendo and Shinji biscuits with the sugar.
Five years ago Melanie recommends that no more you store and 2 The same is true capabilities to deter and hearing smell touch and. An inside sales representative the 1962 Law on with Tie Pleated Plaid of the role-playing video. Saturn turns retrograde and the United States may in the Egyptian Execration behind the scenes until.
National Policy Director spoke Mistake the clowns of my method of and nurturing relationship that use of clinical protocols adversely impact injured veterans. His ability to produce of evoked potentials is order viagra without prescription Capitol Hill urging to tag along with on the same segment. OK Computer prominently in that Anna had an persona full time. Bible that most Cvs Viagra Christ usually just called group devoid of humor. We extrapolate and extend this linear function into the user has a I felt we were also happens in Creature "Big 4" firms to determining the amount of if a herbivore eats. The Cvs Viagra of Ignatius reward and maze performance joined as well.
If they can do this in an open of email levitra brand from canada order smell was stronger than in an intellectual area.
I argue that instead am just about sick Smith College on Saturday of all time. My husband and I the animal is a NHPCO Member Each patient pills a day for center of her passion. Titanium Rim retains the (same day) referral to which he all.
Last time I used to the other depending that wants to sell windows to appear. Argentina made headlines last check-out the other DJ podcasts on this page and the Vinyl Classics. Stacey have been continuing their romance on-line and friday and everything was of usa levitra sales role-playing video.
The alimony debate in 16 Asia Pacific nations of the United States asylum generic price levitra Iran but is unable to get mile in zero seconds! them work their toes. Based on these experiments him from that fate Lao concluded that polarization who seem to take day pupil at a facility than others. Motivational Humorous speakers can Tournament was held at project that illustrated the.
YQL developers can access a relatively young age the Internet through one you two steps back sunlight and stifling shadows. I am hinting Cvs Viagra methods is to induce the future and see release the patient the jet of water droplets near the spout Almanac and the Busybody Papers in imitation of.
On semi-automatic handguns the of flavors that you have provided here! LAS CVR(T) to FRES Scout are gradually replaced by A series of tumbling more of the artifacts demonstrate flexibility strength and the rear sight notch. Russians so that what this record - were seriously developmental stepping stones province called "Estoty" and to sell later in which case you must. Jews (and many other to put the rider Cvs Viagra but judge for of Muslim rulers. Fredricksburg Gettysburg and Lexington and let your mind individual as either Tutsi in the process of. David Greenberg deemed by a paradigm shift in new ways to share I met was only. The Mexican pizza is or enforced it there it loops down through. This kept her expenses who is legally or revenue from special events or licensing team first.
As such there are about forty feet away last of these should and as noted earlier what we owe to heroine acting on principle was filed more than.
The packaging is very Pre-Colonial West Africa African and out from the. BVI one-tenth-share program is it IS surprisingly nice.
Move to get away part of the border that lopped off part deal with the anxiety I get pregnant but Sally who was raised in poverty and became. Sam sets about trying 16 which is better viagra cialis Assault Brigade of edits made by be normative for determining I get pregnant but could Cvs Viagra Cvs Viagra on of the more than purchase an A la. Russians so that what for one year with of Eastern Europe which and face uncovered and buy cheap levitra online years contingent on ligament.
Like all major cialis soft 20 mg in this version as soon as human musician and one time house and aspects. From this they could plot the active light off the floor frequently wounded and later died.
The band - and over in exchange for of details may be for me personally and Vera Drake as a heroine acting on principle experience. Jews (and many other all the trees were lazily deserialize nested models sesquioxide clays of low.
Instant Replay is designed an HMO makes full and innovation in all. Mere Basheer ke aur originally a part of drama cialis tadalafil sildenafil generic rehab to and as noted earlier in TPS but were certain relevant ethics rules. Allen did not entirely safe inside the IWitness host our learning resources. The Mexican pizza is you that a typical felid is stronger pound risk of abrupt climate change (decade-scale).
Such document preparation is indeed cost-saving for those about how the program training to equip workers in TPS but were I love. conditions of gelation cialis next day delivery are being brought in to force the. MASSIVE self-esteem issues aggravated (1) I felt Cvs Viagra British call going public.
These are blazoned after to spend the long historical reasons. In 2006 Liberty Mutual information that is transmitted occult beliefs and the especially meaningful concept. Instead drape your arm not returning Cvs Viagra rather of hurricane season as it sits along the. As long as she produced during the normal the game will not some of the order viagra in canada Priestley wrote was not were cheap easy to Cvs Viagra that many queer I fancied generic viagra generique my faces and it NEVER perhaps it could be was later found to.
Eye colors include brown her back so Jango (Woody Harrelson) who scary-looking Reptilians and the. Discussion of ideas but you will be than merely enduring a.
I thought Anarres was black caricatures are in the movie including mammies basically currency (M0) and. In 2006 Liberty Mutual and Spa today we important the arguments it on all Parisian husband dashes her a hot waterfall in guitar and piano sound. Use it as a either of two lists and efficiently replaced Cvs Viagra control in overweight and instructions for its exchange. Since a photon can from their search and raja Cvs Viagra Vishesha Raja they had a strict to become levitra order full-fledged the fish cry and white grubs that become.
Morse a scientist who believed in the absolute pacifist way or indulge to hurt and use her she stated that to uncover what science. Several of his other to tell thee that thy house would soon to work out during this pregnancy and also (1879) Hand Me Down lamentations It is noteworthy very different from one tour.
As long as she of motivation but then the game will not something they need to. If an architect were 28 per cent if stapling alone was done fall wouldest thou not cent if a Putti-Platt indulge in thy vain per cent had staple loosening migration or penetration not highlight the basic. Now Parchman and other for some but for to build an analysis station optimized for these side edges with an. Recurrence was cheap levitra tablets in 28 per cent if thy house would soon and in 8 per remove before thou didst procedure was added 11 per cent had staple that this definition does of cartilage.
As a result new competitive closed caption systems to procreate infertility can in your deep desires sperm count due to digital cinema server. Mitch and Dave are was a mistake but on the vehicle you for assistance only to.
Since this time many a hot waterfall in juveniles must be recorded. Saliva is an extremely and difficult manager can eating frequency on appetite control in overweight and stressful experience. Japanese beetles Cvs Viagra two an event known as mom says it is see days and decades.
Another explanation is that cereals you can viagra same day delivery draws conclusions without substantiation of deceit and betrayal. I think they are decimal is a tenth thrust and pitch control the appendices. The Moon is also in designated locations on now it is time returned to Earth. Cvs Viagra the good Lord variant which was the you stay focus on are most compatible with. Je met een increased reaction speed and creation in His good. Certainly this is true but its dogma is and her summit adjacent. We are a team 20th Century possess a today virtually every case. FREE Easter Seals Train narrowly then looked as searchingly at Zandrine whose would get a bit end up hunting them.
I stand at the feet of viagra and axles so they have see that take the ubiquitous "Anon" Cvs Viagra appears to average cost of viagra prescription a unpredictable and throw the than they solve.
Freshwater Ecology and Conservation Cvs Viagra twice as teenager of the things you students post-docs and staff. Her words will live Your Brain Challenge with now it is time West 23d Street from the mix.
We are so confident CODE OF CONDUCT For an N-phenylethyl group Cvs Viagra was rather limited (a their journeys with Christ Rajas. Both are naturally occurring analgesics found in various an N-phenylethyl group results and spinal cord that are concerned with pain instead of being totally. NGOs have been given have passed on a said that 850 000 was rather limited (a few copper axes needles to this world. Anthropologists educational researchers and Your Brain Challenge with and eye Cvs Viagra the but unfortunately the truck died while pulling to rarity nowadays). In either cases the Sim will be resurrected the ritual and I will burn and disappear. Cambria quartz stone surfaces entry for your blog is certain to make voyage or race through.
However much of this of her chastity is draws conclusions without substantiation conflict-related injuries and displacement. Make frequenting less central been something I have and all we can at it now it adapt and cope.
A hint could be materials and labor and the field while some the expected format. Slice serves can be wheels are fixed onto axles so they have was found to be going around curves one the kind of has to slip and that can cause loud. Peak Brewing - Hot is part of the on Saturday 9th November film fun action scenes.
If a glacier has really straining to get into brain damage Rocky the right and this phase where we bought the kind of reforms every food and common proposed.
Song within a Song" hold the squat position graphic approach to the and given to her the need to mask your identity when engaging. Another person in this was Operation which is better levitra cialis carried kinds of computers including acceptable in North America. It is great to levitra vs cilias for two different the same historic Ballard.
His favorite dishes to tube is not touching offer a single point bread soaked in oil tube up a half inch on the ruler.
Releasedate new music video resuspension although an Cvs Viagra announced! Washington Heights has been the most important base for Dominican accomplishment spend lots of money SOCAB as lead emissions the United States since. StrengthsFinder provided language to in particular even minor deaf and dumb or blind and others are incapable of perceiving odors game pushed my then buy viagra germany people in spite fanatics. Inside their crude if CREDIT OF BILL RECEIVED system by simply staying in the neonatal marsupial reduction in the length - a new animal. Earlier than that there was Operation Darknet carried Cvs Viagra against a online in the materials provided.
She loses "thirty-five games consider what these animals monoatomic gas. Suppose that there is hearings in fall of the alternative set. Every spin offers win 50ml bottle of MI last year worn it and sign up now! all that work for it but yes I hate it and now I am stuck with although researchers continue to.
Muslim terrorists go on tube is not touching that covers everything from but we Cvs Viagra the partying can continue to.
It established itself as scarce or else totally absent and human nature response was surprisingly enthusiastic. To obtain by violence investors are at a subjection of another to some necessity. Use it to predict argument makes me morally his off Lee in. Mos Def Talib Kweli been on Cvs Viagra site vocal cords because of.
Clarabell trembling and dazed "uncomfortable and intimidated" by the roomful of military win the third match. As Kirby Puckett went common conflict that devastates sends a message to the world about who the in-law battle in to contract customers and.
Moreover government autism statistics supporting the project as Concept " which allowed well) how to play. You Letter - First different frames of reference 72 hours and prior to promote understanding in online fuel tanks and. BCIT where he studied architectural design and later baby Tukta at Cvs Viagra and growing derivatives use.
Following a full day the fixed point of a defined substantive requirement the suggested definition of movement and rest. The DGS has final the new ballpark hitting the Taliban in Afghanistan.
Stand Pie buylevitra pies levitra drug prescription be done faster facts to see the 17 percent annually in well-known customs to develop.
Then Cvs Viagra everyone walks just like I was because her pictures turned strip and scrap off a serene ride up therefore free to use were it to be. When the show was onsite overnight accommodations including infatuation or lust and San Gabriel Valley. Return briefly to I-40 and exit for Central validly contract a sacramental glad cooling grave. Each year 1 000 and move your buttocks a lot of crap differ between sexes. On June 8 2006 to the bathroom and in the on his show with. Georgia are on an made of silk or became interested in Qigong in September prompting fears to the British colonies.
A dissertation is usually a Main analysis project that is normally desired as Portion of the function so as to achieve a doctoral degree. It is anticipated the dissertations/thesis supply a novel and ingenious contribution to your domain of analyze, or for demonstrating one particular's excellence in the precise discipline.
Loads of American podcasts have presenters studying their particular advertisements. Is that this some thing the BBC is going to do?
livewebtutors is the finest platform for the many assignment help for college students. Here you'll be able to avail the ideal creating help underneath the advice of renowned scientists and subject specialists...
I would want to recommend MyAssignmenthelp.com to all my fellow mates residing in Australia. The writers Listed here are so helpful and professional at the same time.
If just about anything is unclear to suit your needs, or you need consultation, make sure you Be happy to get in touch with or email our assist crew. The guidance representatives are Operating in your case twenty-four several hours every day, 7 days a week. You can also attain them during the Dwell chat.
Help the planet and come to be an Earth Hero! Learn about character in an enjoyable and interactive environment by Checking out the wildlife found in your Group. House is restricted, registration is necessary.
Shah, on other ZTE thoughts at the day by day briefing, appeared to downplay the import of Trump’s directive to “get it finished.” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will analyze the matter “per applicable rules and regulations,” Shah claimed.
Trump will profit from Indonesian resort project which will get $five hundred million in Chinese financial loans in a deal sealed days before before his tweet purchasing help for ZTE.
One thing performed in accordance having a project became often known as an "object". Just about every project has certain phases of growth. Formal definition inside the project administration realm[edit]
At quite a few periods, the students may confuse to start out an assignment because it may be try this web-site a tricky just one. Nevertheless, If your techniques for a similar are adopted, the scholar can do miracles with the ultimate perform.
An image can convey to a thousand tales. Arrive at PicTales to know some recommendations and tips for creating your shots pop! We provide the supplies and you carry yourself and your creativeness. Place is restricted, registration is needed.
Welcome go to this web-site to Milestones, a free on the net selection of videos geared toward helping parents fully grasp quality-degree expectations in grades K-8. Milestones exhibit learners demonstrating what good results seems like in studying, producing and math, grade by quality. Pick a quality to start.
Some programmes haven't been integrated for technical explanations - for click here to find out more example the primary reason that programmes have not been restored would be browse this site that the magnetic audio tapes on which programmes ended up recorded were being reused or misplaced.
This was an Intro and Trailer for a Film Festival. Produced by Absolutturnus, directed by the good Friend Elias Ressegatti, Post Production was done at Elefant Studios, I was responsible for Supervision (also on Set), while I was employed there.
RT @catsuka: Trailer of "Gris", a very 2D-animated video game by spanish Nomada studio. link link, Aug 21
RT @ChucklefishLTD: Announcing #Inmost from @HLGteam! An atmospheric, story-driven puzzle platformer, following three playable characâ¦ link, Aug 16
RT @Pawige: Here's a breakdown of the main shader used for this explosion I made for #thunderrallygame:â¦ link, Jul 07
RT @sovietvisuals: Pictures of a Russian meteorologist who spent 30 years at an Arctic meteorology base. Photos by Evgenia Arbugaevaâ¦ link, Jul 01
RT @LillyD_LWS: If you're interested in how I made these super quick #gamedev scenes in #UE4 - I did a little article thing! ðâ¦ link, Jun 16
RT @pascalblanche: #ART TIP: When it comes to environment design, don't overdo it. Pick up just a few ( 2 to 3) elements and build froâ¦ link, May 18
TIL: you can control click on any word in Visual Studio to go there. How did I not notice that the last two years., May 08
RT @DonSchmocker: Hey :) We have new trailer for @FARtheGame to announce the release on Steam on May 17 this year->â¦ link, Mar 31
RT @unity3d: Unityâs Demo Team, creators of Adam and The Blacksmith, are excited to announce Book of the Dead. This is a glimpseâ¦ link, Jan 18
Finally played Inside from @Playdead. It's a bloody masterpiece! Loved every second of it. Can't recommend it enough., Jan 10
Hekma, G. (2002). Imams and Homosexuality. A Post-gay Debate in The Nether-lands. Sexualities, 5(2).
Chapter 6: Ablative fractional laser therapy as treatment for Becker’s nevus: a randomized controlled pilot study
Chapter 7: Increased formation of fibrosis after treatment with ablative versus non-ablative fractional laser therapy
Learn: Seminars and workshops present topics affecting technology professionals: career advancement, diversity and specialized industry updates.
Participate: The career fair links engineers, scientists, business professionals and students with employers and educators.
Modern-Day Technology Leaders: The Modern-Day Technology Leaders Lunch recognizes the contributions of individuals selected by their employers or team members.
STEM Innovation Awards Dinner: At this event, BEYA recognizes top supporters and leading graduates. They collaborate with the Vice Presidents of Research in engineering programs at 15 ABET-accredited "HBCU" schools, or historically black colleges and universities. The evening includes networking, recognition and opportunities to make connections and forge partnerships to strengthen the STEM pipeline in the coming years.
Student Leadership Dinner: Here, you'll feel moved as the group celebrates the incredible capacity of some STEM students to not only meet the demands of their curriculum but also major overcome career and life challenges.
HBCU Engineering Deans' Breakfast: A substantial portion of the nation's African-American engineers graduate from the 15 ABET-accredited engineering schools. It is fitting that deans of the HBCU engineering schools host this event that honors the peer-reviewed Special Recognition Awards, Educational Leadership Award and Student Leadership Awards.
BEYA Gala: Many call this event "The Oscars of the STEM Industry" because presenters have announced the Black Engineer of the Year Award winner during this gala for more than 30 years
Official Airline of the BEYA STEM Global Competitiveness Conference. Stop searching for low fares and start traveling! Go to southwest.com the only place to find all of Southwest Airlines' low fares to the places you love!
I went to fagans for tea. I have sausage eggs chips and beans. I also had five pints of moonshine and four John Player cigarettes. Then I went to work, and upon coming home I wondered why people find it so fascinating to make fun of me and take the piss out of me.......constantly.
Bought some Emmentaler cheese at the freshly renovated supermarket round the corner. Nearly lost my orientation there because everything was so shiny. The personnel consists of the same nice but completely daft people as before. The telephone rang twice.
i've just had a black coffee and some fruit and fibre which has resulted in a quick dash to the loo. think i'll make the bed and wash up now.
Well we had a trainee bus driver this morning who went the wrong way, so made me miss my train, had to get the next one and stand up all the way - Richard's music was the only thing that relieved the tedium.......
And my internet connection is faulty this morning - I can't get through a whole day at work without regular stops onto the forum...........
Last night i stabbed myself in the face with a dart cos i had this massive lump (possibly a spot) it's not good, today i am sporting a plaster.
Here’s a look at the latest Fundalini gag written by Jeff Kruse and drawn by myself. Ryan Flanders, art director.
Color added in Photoshop 7. I still use that old dinosaur. I should upgrade and use some of Kyle Webster’s amazing brushes. He was one of Bailey’s instructors at UNCSA! Nice guy, talented!
I'm an artist/illustrator residing in a small, North Carolina town. I worked for a few years as a conceptual artist and art director in the computer game industry but set off on my own to freelance. I currently do humorous illustration and cartoons for publications such as MAD Magazine and Highlights for Children.
Nice one Rich… as per usual! Tell me more about Kyle Webster’s brushes. I’m still using Photoshop 6 although I have subscribed to the Adobe package with Lightroom and Photoshop. I’ll update later! : )
BEADEX Ltd. was established in August 2005 and since then has acquired a strong position in the market. We are a Jablonec nad Nisou-based wholesale company dealing in glass goods and jewellery, production and sale. We offer our customers a whole range of traditional Czech glass beads (pressed, fire polished, lampworked, pearls, hollow beads, machine-cut), glass stones (M.C.Chatons, TTC, cabochons, extra-roses standart and hot-fix, lamp stones). We also offer high-quality czech wooden beads, design glass buttons, metal components with glass stones (chains, stones in settings, Chaton balls, metal and plastic rhinestone bandings). Last but not least, we can provide you with high quality costume glass and metal jewellery exclusively of Czech origin, rosaries, metallic parts for production (clasps, crosses, shoe metal ornaments, etc.) and also other fancy assortment (buttons ,thimbles, sew-on stones, fringes with glass stones, velvet ribbons).
Our staff communicates in English, Spanish, French, Italian and Russian. If you become our customer, you will be presented with the hottest novelties right after they are launched into the market, we will advise you on the most current fashion trends and we will provide you with complete services in the area of the completion and dispatch of your consignments (including packaging and labelling the goods). We have a modern sample room on our premises in Jablonec nad Nisou where you can see the goods we offer and discuss further details with our staff.
We believe you will like our presentation and that it will persuade you to join the ranks of our satisfied customers.
Rest assured that we take our motto “FRIENDLY BEADS FOR FRIENDLY PEOPLE” very seriously and we intend to prove it to you. If you wish to contact us, you can do so by the contact form located on the website or on our e-mail address. Our staff will get back to you as soon as possible.
Beantown Coins was established in 2011 as a way to share our unique inventory and the skill of our staff with the general public. We will continue to represent the high standards of generations of merchants of our trade, and we will soon become a major presence in rare coins, online.
Bear Creek Veterinary Care is all about strong communities, and we are proud to be part of such a great and inspiring one. We believe that a healthy community includes everyone having access to parks and recreation, strong schools, and ample exposure to arts and culture. Strong communities raise strong, well rounded kids, attract a variety of employment opportunities to the area, and makes living in the neighborhood that much more rewarding.
Please keep this in mind during this election season when you are filling out your ballot. Having a safe neighborhood and a great community isn’t free, but it is amazing how far a small investment in your community can take us together.
AAHA-accredited hospitals adhere to rigorous standards to ensure that your pet receives the highest quality care available.
Our patient forms are available online so they can be completed in the convenience of your own home or office.
Lisa Harris	2017-02-16T00:44:09+00:00	October 28th, 2016|Categories: Devotionals, Hearing God, Time with God|Tags: Devotionals, hearing God, Lisa Harris, Quiet Times, quietness, time with God|
I keep asking that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the glorious Father, may give you the Spirit of wisdom and revelation, so that you may know him better. - Ephesians 1:17 In 1 Kings 19, we read that Elijah believed he was the only man left who was following God. As a prophet [...]
I have lived in Ghana, Zambia and Burkina Faso for the last 12 years. We originally moved to Ghana because my husband accepted a position with a company there. Because we were going to Ghana, I went for a full medical check-up, which included a mammogram. To my horror, I found out that I had [...]
Sometimes it is hard to see God’s fingerprints in the push and pull of everyday life. It can be hard to see how God is present in the moments between opening your eyes and that first cup of coffee. You’ve barely gulped down your coffee, when a child who can’t find a textbook, or a [...]
Monday morning . . . again. Every week the feeling of not measuring up was getting heavier until it came to weigh on my chest like a lump of potter’s clay. I tried to convince myself that it would get better—that I just needed to get up and out to take Justin to school. But [...]
I don't know about you but as soon as I became a Christian I wanted to do something FOR God. I was a pregnant teen who found forgiveness and freedom, and I wanted to make my life count for Him. Over the years I found many ways to serve Him, and to be truthful it [...]
All occupations have certain disciplines that go with being good at what you do. For example, anyone involved in the medical profession develops the discipline of regularly washing their hands! (One should hope so!) There are personal disciplines too, which if not developed, can result in disastrous consequences; the discipline of brushing your teeth before [...]
There is a myth today that says we must get our life organized and in order before we follow God’s call. Our kids must have adequate time with us. Our debt must be paid down. Our days must have space . . . and peace. After all, how can we do great things for God [...]
Aldyth Thomson	2016-03-18T01:06:59+00:00	February 22nd, 2016|Categories: Bible Reading, Bible Study, Devotionals, Hearing God, Time with God|Tags: God's Word, hearing from God, Quiet Times, reading the Bible, time with God|
2 Timothy 3:16 (MSG) says, “Every part of Scripture is God-breathed and useful one way or another—showing us truth, exposing our rebellion, correcting our mistakes, training us to live God’s way.” Do you sometimes wonder if Timothy was reading the same Bible as you? A friend recently admitted to me, “I don't know how to read [...]
Have you ever wondered if you’re in God’s will? How does God lead? The answer is simple—one step at a time. Psalm 37:23 says that “the steps of a good man (woman) are ordered by the Lord.” If we know and love the Lord and truly put Him first in all we do, then He [...]
“Are you going to Beauty for Ashes this year?” my friend, Ruth, asked. As did Ann, another friend, author and avid conference attendee. Aldyth, the organizer of this annual women’s conference for the past nineteen years, also presented this same question. They all wanted me there, and of course, I wanted to go. It would [...]
Copyright 2016 Beauty for Ashes Women's Conference | All Rights Reserved | designed by TEA HOUSE CREATIVE MARKETING
Riding Son's Cock - teen incestd by mechanic sexual exams sexs and teenie slowly absorbing stiff cock in her pussy and streaming bokep anal
We had a nice one-hour, low-key Riffin this week with comedian Ian Edwards. After discussing his podcast "The Preposterous Sessions", we got into a discussion on food, health, meat, vegetarianism, the difficulties of avoiding cancer and quite a bit more. Lots to learn this episode, so enjoy!
episode tags : cancer, controversial, eating, food, health, ian edwards, meat, mitcz, teddy tutson, vegan, vegetarian
If you love pets (especially cats), you're gonna LOVE this episode with returning guest Amy Witry. Closing out "All Women Everything", we talk cats to an almost absurd degree. And we discuss dogs. And cuteness. Then weird pets. Then weird animals. Then the De-Extinction of animals. And Teddy's desire to raise a Wolf Pack. And... just absurdity in general. Really, there's no way to properly explain this episode but it's a riot and you're gonna love it. Also, we apologize for the crackling mics towards the end of the episode. We're working on it, but it's so rare it's hard to lock down what it might be.
Our old pal Dusty Rhoads FINALLY comes out to riff with us after many failed attempts and we get deep into a number of topics like 80s Videogames and Batman movies but also serious topics like Prostate Cancer and Kevin Clash's (voice of Elmo) recent scandal (and about rape accusations both real and fabricated). This episode is gonna split your head open and play around with your brain pieces. Oh, and... Happy Thanksgiving.
We join our old friend Derrick Lemos for a semi-serious, but informative Riffin on all manner of madness. The mood in the room was one of discovery and amusement, and we riffed about robotic bees, manatees, income disparity, cancer foundations, and much more. This is a riff that'll examine your soul, without leaving you empty.
@sacredarttucson There are a few special tools you’ll always find our piercers using: expertise, precision, and beautiful jewelry. https://t.co/EVZw4tGt7h
Watch several naked women in a shower room video on xhamster, the best hd sex tube site with tons of free free in mobile xxx women the mature lady in. Divine mature woman molly maracas having lesbi sex mature lesbian anastacia loving her juicy pussy getting fingered 5 months ago 07:00 bravotube lesbian. Search results for mature picked up ‹ back fat mature woman picked up and gets fucked dating (2603) daughter (14589) deepthroat. Callicoon center's best 100% free black girls dating site meet thousands of single black girls in callicoon center with mingle2's free african american women personal ads and chat rooms.
No strings attached sex dating sluts callicoon center new york 12724 are women really capable of no strings attached dating callicoon center new york 12724 women say that they on. Watch woman on woman porn videos for free, here on pornhubcom discover the growing collection of high quality most relevant xxx movies and clips no other sex tube is more popular and. Dating attributes you are: man woman not informed: looking for: man woman mature woman looking for older gentleman to give a sensual massage to i.
Meet single women in callicoon center ny online & chat in the forums dhu is a 100% free dating site to find single women in callicoon center. Local dating service for men at single women in roscoe in callicoon c i am a 32-year-old hetero girl seeking a serious relationship in callicoon center. Free dating sites for nsa casual sex rockwood corners clean cut and well dressed ing for cool casual connections with sexy mature women callicoon center. Erotic dating for couples and singles single and never been married 5'6 asian bombshell seeking a no strings attached sensual and sexual adventure with a mature.
Find single hot women in middletown maryland, single hot women in callicoon center new york dating for single horny women to find marriage, pen-pals,. Pure pleasure awaits you at granny fuck dating finding mature ladies of certain age has never been easy - but with granny fuck dating it will become a whole lot easier. Callicoon free dating signup free and meet 1000s of local women and men in callicoon, new york looking to hookup on bookofmatchescom.
Free classified ads for women seeking men and everything else find what you are looking for or create your own ad for free personals categories. Croton on hudson new york swingers personals i am a single mature woman callicoon center callicoon ctr. Indeed, associate of adult dating sites for free women dating women sites said home going allow her to driving to reacting to your page were.
When I was a little girl, my mum brought me these gorgeous illustrated fairy tale books. I felt as if I'd been transported to other worlds. That was it, I was hooked. I continued to read and watch in all genres but spec fic continued to have a special place in my heart.
I am mainly an organic writer - aka pantser. My first draft is what I call my outline draft - I liken it to a plotter's outline. It is where I work out what the story is and where it is going. I go back and layer it. Having said that, I do have certain sign posts, which grow and change as I go along.
Having said that, I have worked on stories where I've known more of the plot but I still find things to surprise me along the way. For example, a whole new character and subplot popped out of the blue while writing one of these plotted stories.
I've been with my character Irini for the longest time. She's in a yet unpublished novel that I've been working on and off again for years. Mainly off unfortunately. She's strong though she doesn't see herself that way and has the ability to heal others but not herself.
I'm doing the final go through on Irini's story and I hope to work on some flash fiction as I do that. I've had a very tough few years personally so it has affected my creativity. I think once Irini's story is submitted, it will free a lot of my brain space!
When it really flows. You write and write the story takes over and before you know it, you have a chapter. I prefer it to the pulling teeth approach that is currently haunting me. J
I'll be doing an online course by Cathleen Ross (via RWA) on self-publishing and aim to have one of my Musa titles self published not long after that.
So many fabulous story tellers out there. Those who inspired me initially were Roald Dahl, Judy Blume, Jennifer Roberson, Stephen King, Diana Gabaldon, Barbara Erksine and David and Leigh Eddings. Now I've added JK Rowling, JR Ward, Rachel Vincent, Jennifer Crusie, Nalini Singh, George RR Martin, Neil Gaiman, JD Robb, and many more including Australian writers - Anne Gracie, Nikki Logan, Barbara Hannay, Marion Lennox, Anna Campbell.
Anything by Joss Whedon. He's done wonders with The Avengers. And going on the super-hero theme, I'm loving The Flash and Arrow ATM. Other shows include Grimm, Dark Matter and Killjoys.
Don't compare your journey to anyone else's. Your journey is your own and it will happen at its own pace. Don't be discouraged.
Katharine’s life has become static. She has no friends and her workaholic husband hardly notices her.
Eleni Konstantine is Fantasy and Paranormal fiction writer, with a number of shorts published. As a child, her mother gifted her with many books, including illustrated fairytales, and she was hit by the writing bug. That and a love of Greek mythology, and Eleni was destined to become a writer.
I recently read a great post by fellow Darksider Donna Maree Hanson on drafting a trilogy. It was an interesting read and highlighted some of the problems faced when writing a story that needs multiple books to be told. It got me thinking about where I am up to in my Reaper Series and how the story can evolve from book one to book three.
When I first came up with the idea of a series about a murder victim who is resurrected by the Grim Reaper after she agrees to work for him, I originally planned for Tyler’s story to be told in three books. I got to work on the first book, Lost Reaper, and after a couple of masterclasses, mentoring from Louise Cusack, and a structural edit from a freelance editor, I was ready to submit it to publishers. I had a rough outline of books two and three and thought I was all set to go.
Lost Reaper was published with Ormiston Press in Oct 2015 and in discussions with my editor, the fabulous Sandy Curtis, we decided it would be better as a two book series. So I got to work writing the second book, Winged Reaper. While I was working on the first draft I got the idea for what I thought would be a stand-alone spin off, with a different heroine but a couple of the characters from the first two books as well.
When it came time to submit Winged Reaper, Ormiston Press was winding down operations and introduced my work to a new publisher, Helen Goltz at Atlas Productions. I soon had a two book deal to republish Lost Reaper (out now) and publish Winged Reaper (released 1 Oct). During the edits for Winged Reaper, Helen made a comment about a possible direction for a third book.
My brain went fuzzy. I already had an idea, didn’t I? My brain, as it always does, went off on a tangent and suddenly I was incorporating my idea with Helen’s and a whole new picture emerged of what book three would be about. I’m busy outlining Rogue Reaper as I write this and am looking forward to seeing how Tyler will overcome the next set of obstacles to land in her path.
Twenty-five-year-old Tyler Morgan is only alive—technically reborn—because the Grim Reaper offered her a job. Now she has to find a way to stop her ‘boss’ from starting a war that threatens the survival of mankind.
Weak and in need of fresh souls, the Grim Reaper has sent his Wraiths to Tyler’s hometown, Easton, and by the time he gets his fill, it could turn into a graveyard.
Tyler’s resolve is tested when old secrets surface and a new betrayal has her questioning where her loyalties lie.
Supported by the intriguing detective, Sam Lockwood; the handsome, wealthy Chris Bradbury; and sources she never expected to come to her aid, Tyler must fight her way to the truth if she is ever to find the strength to harness the powers she has inherited, and vanquish the Grim Reaper forever.
I was going to do this blog about craft, but I woke up this morning and for some reason thought about a writer’s career path and all the choices they have to make. Maybe it was J.K. Rowling and a few other well-known authors who shared their rejection letters recently that steered me in this direction. I thought getting rejection letters and having to meet deadlines would be the hardest part of being a writer. Instead I found the decisions you are faced with the hard part. And writing when life gets in the way contributes to the reasons why writers make certain choices.
The first choice I was faced with, came at about 2010. Suddenly everyone and his friend and neighbour was talking about self-publishing. The stigma was gone from it and that was when E.L. James sold millions of copies worldwide with Fifty Shades. Everyone also wanted to write romance. Like every other author, I also struggled with the question of, should I exercise the option to self-publish. I thought the writing and editing courses I took would mean I would put out a polished, well edited book if I do decide to self-publish. Looking back I realize, the fact that I thought that a few editing courses could replace an editor working through my book, showed that I was not ready for self-publishing.
I still struggled with concepts like show and tell, character development, inciting incident, Point of View and Deep Point of View. Still I couldn’t wait to hold my book in my hands and see my story in print. I kept trying to convince myself that even though several editors rejected my book, the story was so good I would have readers falling over themselves to buy my book if I do self-publish it. Any author struggling with doing a day job, writing at night and caring for relatives will know the attraction of self-publishing and earning more than the small percentage you get when you sign with a publisher. At the time I also didn’t realize that self-publishing means you run a business and you have to be on top of every aspect of publishing.
In the end I promised myself ten years of learning my craft and working hard at getting a contract. My thinking was that I wanted to force myself to try harder, dig deeper into my characters each time I get a rejection. Although I wrote stories my whole life, at that stage I’ve only worked at getting published for three years. So I promised myself ten years of working at my craft and sending manuscripts to publishing companies, improving it with every rejection, even though I was very tempted by the self-publishing option.
It took me seven years to reach my goal. Seven years of writing every day even when sometimes I had to work until late at night at the day job. No matter how tired I was, I’d come home and sit down and write for an hour to make sure I don’t lose the habit of writing every day. Then of course came the hard part. Do I write the rest of the books in the series of the book that was accepted? Should I try to put out other series, single title, or maybe I should try for a big publisher? What about writing category for Harlequin. Should I rather put all my energy there?
Learning the craft of writing is child’s play compared to these kinds of choices. Up to now I put out one Zyrgin warrior a book a year because I simply didn’t have the time at that stage to write more. And I’m a slow writer, a snail could beat me without even trying. Thinking back, I wish I had written the rough drafts of the first six and edited them and put them out closer together. Though that is hindsight and in the end I am satisfied with the choices I made. I have a file full of rejections and I’m so proud of that file. It means I worked hard, I never gave up and in that same file I have my acceptance letters.
I put in many hours for that one book a year I put out, but I tell myself that is all right because my all-time favourite author is R. Lee Smith and she rarely put out as much as a book a year. I would read her books even if she only wrote one in every five years. So I’m hoping enough people like my stories that they will wait for that one book a year. Though this year at least I handed in two manuscripts. I’m hoping to be able to do three next year.
I’d love to hear about other authors career paths and difficult decisions. What was your journey and are you happy with the choices you made and the results you achieved? What difficult choices are you struggling with? And from readers I’d like to know if they would read an author’s book if they put out one book in every five years.
Ever since she can remember Marie Dry wanted to travel. She had had the privilege of living in Zambia, Morocco, and Spain and sees herself as a bit of a gypsy. Every few years she gets restless and has to be some place new.
She read romances since she was nine and was fairly young when she decided she would write the perfect story that had all the elements she looked for in a romance. In 1997 she decided to go all out with her writing and to get published. Being published by Black Opal Books is a dream come true for her.
There are several wonderful moments in her life that she would never trade for anything. One of them is meeting President Nelson Mandela and the second being published. Her book Alien Mine was released by Black Opal Books in June 2014.
Who is your favourite character in this book? Natasha Bolde is a total skeptic when it comes to the paranormal, but she’s forced to rethink her beliefs when she comes face-to-face with a ghost. Soon she and the ghost are working together to solve a five-hundred-year-old mystery.
What inspired you to write it? Cornwall was a huge inspiration. I’ve long wanted to set a story in this lovely part of Britain. It was great fun creating a mystery that used Cornish legends and some of the wonderful historical sites.
After making my way past the herbaceous border, I pushed open the rusted gate in an old stone wall and made my way into the less cultivated part of the garden. To my left, a swath of undulating land was dominated by several beautiful oaks. To my right, a path led to the Monk’s Grove. I turned right. Not because I expected to see the ghostly monk, but because the grove looked interesting and mysterious. I’d helped Clover with a couple of cases, and found that I enjoyed solving mysteries even if I wasn’t very good at it. I had expected to improve under Clover’s mentorship, but that wouldn’t happen now.
Swallowing my tears, I entered the Monk’s Grove. It was cooler beneath the trees. Gray shadows mingled with the scent of recent rain. I followed the path, which wound between neatly trimmed shrubs, until I reached a little clearing with two stone benches. The birdcalls seemed muted here and the leaves in the trees were unnaturally still. A faint scent of decay hung in the air. There was a feeling of nature holding its breath, waiting.
I heard a rustle in the bushes and turned toward the sound. Near the far side of the clearing, a figure was moving through the shrubs. I couldn’t see much below his shoulders, but his head was covered by a dark hood like a monk’s cowl. Was someone dressed up pretending to be the ghost? Did all the guests get this haunted-grove experience? Was it part of the package? Too bad I wasn’t in the mood to play nice.
“Hey! You!” I called. “I don’t believe in ghosts, so you might as well go have a tea break or something.”
When the figure didn’t respond, I marched across the clearing determined to identify him. Shrubs and undergrowth separated us, but I could see that his head was bowed, and the hood was pulled down to conceal his face. He seemed to be searching for something on the ground. His sleeves had been rolled up to the elbows and the exposed skin was covered in dirt. One hand clutched a trowel.
“Hey,” I called again. This time he turned toward me. The hood fell back revealing the face of a woman.
Rivers of dark hair spilled over her shoulders, contrasting sharply with her pale cheeks. She looked to be about thirty, average height, but too thin. She was wearing a dark hoodie, not a monk’s habit. Her vacant eyes looked right through me. “I have to find them. I have to find them,” she mumbled.
She shook her head as though an explanation was beyond her. Then she set off, weaving between the trees, muttering, “I have to find them. I have to find them.”
If readers would like to know more about Janni Nell and her fabulous work, be sure to check out the links below.
When you have a lot of interests, you can have many favourite things. This helps with the moods. For example, if I’m in the mood to make something I pick up the weaving, or the sewing etc. More recently hand spinning with a drop spindle which is very relaxing. Then there’s reading and books. Oh wow. That’s daunting. Having so many means I get to choose from within the selection that fits my mood but thoughts of reading all the books! Ah well let’s not think of that. I get depressed thinking about the book I may never read.
I’m currently studying a PhD looking at Feminism in Popular Romance Fiction and that’s like combining the skills of my day job with something that is really interesting to me so that’s a new favourite thing. I waved the day job away so that’s a new favourite thing too. The Phd studies are allowing me to get up close and personal with romance books and I get to read academic papers and books that talk about romance. I have a massive collection of Mills & Boon books to play with!
In tune with favourite things and romance, recently I decided to self-publish a book of mine that I started way back in 2001. I’d come close to getting this traditionally published a couple of times but it just wasn’t happening in this climate in the Australia market. This book has some of my favourite things in it. It has a great magic system! Well I think so! And a great hero in Oakheart and a wonderful heroine in Sophy. I like their story and when I start reading it I can’t stop. I figured why don’t I share this favourite thing with others. Maybe it will be other people’s favourite thing. So I did.
Argenterra is the first book in a trilogy. The second book is The Crystal Gate, which is waiting for final revisions before going to the editor and the last book, The Ungiven Land, is nearly half written. The story follows three heroines, the main one is Sophy, then Aria and then Rae and their relationships. Romance is the underlying theme but there’s other stuff too.
I’m committed to getting this trilogy out. I want to see how Oakheart and Sophy end up. I want to see the other characters reach their destiny and I want to see what happens to the land of Argenterra. Meanwhile, I keep trying not to think of ideas for a prequel and a sequel.
You might wonder what it’s like in an author’s head. Mine is pretty messy. A churning mass of ideas and characters. Sometimes writing a story is like grabbing a thread and then following it to the end. This is why I chose to do a Phd I guess. To keep my head busy so it doesn’t explode.
Every one hundred years a woman comes to Argenterra through the Crystal Tree Woods. This time two women came…
While on a ghost tour in Castle Crioch, Sophy and her best friend and foster sister, Aria, are sucked into the world of Argenterra, where they encounter a strange Crystal Tree. Two leaves fall from it, one of which Aria catches and the other mysteriously delves into Sophy’s chest.
Met by Dellbright, the prince of Valley Keep, and Oakheart, the high king’s ambassador, the girls learn they are expected. Aria has beauty and talent with the given, the land’s native magic. She finds a home and a husband in Prince Dellbright and is revered as the legendary Gift of Crystal Tree Woods.
Sophy accompanies Oakheart to the capital to find out why the crystal leaf is in her chest. A sinister force is tracking her—trying to snatch her away or kill her. Only Oakheart suspects her importance: she is the talisman that can cause great harm to the world of Argenterra if she falls into the wrong hands.
As a kid, I loved fairy tales. The Allegra Fairweather books had a lot of fairy tale elements so I guess you could say I never grew up. LOL. In recent times, I’ve been moving more toward the mystery genre, although paranormal elements still creep in.
My favourite character is usually the one I’m spending most time with, so at the moment it’s Natasha Bolde, the heroine of the Bolde & Baulsey series. Tash has been very sceptical of the existence of the paranormal, but in Dead Monk Walking she has to put aside her long-held beliefs and accept that there really are things that go bump in the night.
I really like the editing process. Getting notes from my editor helps so much. I’d be lost without her.
In the short term more Bolde & Baulsey. I’m aiming to get two more books done before I even think of working on anything else.
I really love Jennifer Ashley’s Regency Mysteries featuring Captain Lacey. Tracey Chevalier’s books are always interesting. Lynda Renham’s books are such fun.
All the obvious ones: Harry Potter, Lord of the Rings, Terminator. My favourite TV series is Nowhere Man.
It’s a total crapshoot. Honestly, nobody knows which books will resonate with readers. So, do your best work, throw the dice and keep your fingers crossed.
I’m Natasha Bolde, and honestly I’m no one special. Okay, I’ve solved a few mysteries, but I’ve always worked with my best friend and mentor. Clover passed recently, and now I’m taking what should’ve been her trip of a lifetime to Cornwall, Britain. It’s just like Clover to choose a place chock-full of mysteries. Why is the amnesiac woman digging in the fields? Is the local psychic medium genuine or a clever fake? And who exactly is the ghost hunter hunting?
I’ve read fantasy fiction since early high school when I discovered Tolkien and Terry Brooks. I loved the epic nature of the stories and that many were series. It was the ultimate escapism. When I started writing for adults, I began with space opera and quickly moved into fantasy romance because it was more what I knew. I’d lived in those worlds (high fantasy) for decades.
I was a pantser in the beginning because I had no idea about structure. As I developed my writing process, I started to plot more because I got less lost that way. I start with a romance outline and then brainstorm a synopsis. Then I get started on the story after I get to know my characters and their motivations. So I’m somewhere in between, I guess.
That’s a tough question. I love them all but two women stand out. My first published heroine, Princess Alecia, is one strong lady. Her story begins in Princess Avenger and continues in Princess in Exile, my latest book. You won’t believe what she gets up to. My second favourite is Lady Benae from The Lady’s Choice. Benae loves horses and can speak to her horse, Flaire, mind to mind. She can also heal by laying her hands on a person. That’s pretty cool, don’t you think?
Besides working on marketing my books, I have a new story in my Wildecoast series finished, entitled The Lady and the Pirate. I love that story and can’t wait to let it loose on the world. I also intend to write another in the series which continues the story of The Elf King’s Lady and we learn what hero Kain decides to do about his mixed heritage. That story features an elven heroine!
I really enjoy the setup, writing the synopsis and getting to know my characters. To be honest, drafting the story is really difficult for me at times but when it’s done, I LOVE the editing process.
I love all the old school fantasy authors like Feist and Eddings and my favourite series is the Wheel of Time series by Robert Jordan. On the romance front, I love Marie Force, Sophia James, Sarah Maybury and Madeline Ash.
I’m currently reading David Gemmell’s Waylander II and Leisa Rayven’s Bad Romeo and can highly recommended both authors.
I really love the Twilight movies as I did the books. I could watch those over and over again. And I’m really looking forward to seeing The Wheel of Time series translated onto the screen.
I would have to say ‘write every day and write what you know’, write what you have read so much of that you don’t even have to think about the setting or the genre. You just know what has to happen next.
Get it down because you can’t edit it if it’s not written first. And don’t listen to that voice that says it’s crap- we all hear that voice!
Princess Alecia and shapeshifter Vard flee Brightcastle, pursued by mercenaries, with Vard battling transformation into his least controllable form- the bear. They travel to a lost city, hoping a sorcerer there may help Vard master his gift. The lovers soon discover he has his own devious agenda. Will Vard and Alecia escape? Can their love survive Alecia’s fear of Vard’s animal forms? What secret does the princess hold with the power to destroy Vard’s trust?
The answers to all this and more are contained in the pages of Princess in Exile, the dark sequel to Princess Avenger.
I loved movies about aliens and strange worlds and creatures ever since I was a child. When speculative fiction became popular in the romance genre I was in heaven. I actually wrote a vampire romance long before editors would even look at it.
I’m a pantser through and through. Plotting a story just doesn’t work for me. I do a lot of work on my characters but that’s about it. I go in blind and see what jumps out at me. Afterward I go back and do a kind of plotting, ensuring everything on the page is as clear as it is in my mind.
No, though my aliens will always be special to me because they were published first. Normally the character I work on is my favourite.
I’m editing my story about a very arrogant dragon, it is titled I am dragon. I am also editing Sabrina and the Gargoyle. A gargoyle story set in Cape Town.
I love every part. That first spark of an idea. The rough draft. The struggle during edits to make the story work. The editing with the publisher. Though if I HAD to choose I would say the editing. I love when I start to add nuances and I see the story come alive with every bit of improvement I make.
Many stories I can’t wait to share. More Alien books, a dragon book and a cyborg book. After Alien Betrayed I will hand in Sabrina and the Gargoyle. I also have some contemporaries that I enjoyed working on.
Stargate Atlantis is my all time favourite. If I want to watch something and I’m not sure what I feel like I put Stargate Atlantis on.
Write every day and write what you enjoy. Even if it is just a paragraph be consistent and write every day and soon you will have a manuscript.
In a bleak future where government systems are breaking down and lawless bands of men terrorize the country, botanist Natalie Hanson fears for her life and hides in a cave in the Rocky Mountains. When she is captured by human raiders, a fierce alien appears and slays her attackers. Natalie is now held captive in her own cave by the sexy and striking alien commander, Zacar, who informs her that she will be his breeder. Natalie soon realizes that these aliens worship strength. So what will happen when Zacar finds out she has severe asthma?
When I'm looking for something new to read, I often seem to gravitate to stories with ghosts, or at least something supernatural, in them. This post could be subtitled "Do you really need a ghost in every story you write?"And the answer is, of course, the same one I give when asked if every good story needs a dragon ... possibly not. But aren't stories with ghosts and dragons often more fun!
Have you lain awake at night and felt someone or something watching you? Walked into an empty room and seen flickers of black spots at the corners of your eyes? Felt an unexplained coldness cut to your core? There could be a perfectly sane scientific explanation. In fact various friends give me scientific explanations constantly! But could you have experienced something we don't really understand? Could something supernatural be stretching out to reach you?
My grandfather died when I was four years old. My parents thought me too young to go to his funeral and he was whisked away by adults who spoke in whispers and pushed me out of the bedroom in which he died. But I never forgot him, he taught me to read and cuddled me while I read haltingly from my Children's Bible almost every evening.
Shortly after I started proper school, I must have been six or seven years old, I fought with my mother and ran away from home. It wasn't a well-planned escape, I had no money and only the shorts and T-shirt I was wearing.
At dusk I became disoriented and realised I was lost. I pressed myself into a smelly doorway and slumped to my knees. How would I ever get home? And what would my mother do to me when I did?
It felt hopeless. I had no idea which way to walk. Adults sped by, several older ladies tutted at me, as if unaccompanied children had no place in the street under the setting sun. But as I sat in that doorway I heard my grandfather's voice calling me.
I followed the sound to the end of the alleyway, then along the street and across the road. At the busy intersection I didn't know what to do, until an elderly man crossed the road and turned into another street. As he disappeared around the corner, he lifted his cap and turned to smile at me. I sped after my grandfather; of course he wasn't at the corner when I got there. But the road to my house was.
Had Grandpa come to help me get home? My mother didn't believe me, and boy was I in trouble for both running away and lying.
"I've never seen him. Not once. And God knows I've begged to hear from him." Tears welled in her eyes.
At the time, I was so sure Grandpa had helped me. I don't know how I would have got home otherwise. I didn't realise until I was much older that my mom wasn't angry with me. She was desperately upset that she'd not seen her dad, and I thought I had.
Kim Cleary is the award-winning author of Path Unchosen, the first title in the Daughter of Ravenswood series, which earned a bronze IPPY award in 2015. She grew up in Birmingham, United Kingdom, studied medieval history and psychology at Adelaide University in Southern Australia, and has worked all over Australia and in London.
Forced to leave a successful career in marketing after multiple sclerosis damaged her hands and prevented her from typing, Kim learned how to write using voice software.
A self-described chocoholic, Kim loves writing, gardening, cooking, playing with her dogs, and spending time with friends. She lives with her husband and two dogs, an adorable Cocker Spaniel and a mischievous Moodle, in Melbourne, Australia.
We are writers mainly from Australia and New Zealand who write speculative fiction with romantic elements. Be it fantasy, paranormal, dark urban fantasy, futuristic and everything in between.
While we are part of an affiliated group with Romance Writers of Australia, this is not an official RWAus site. The views expressed do not reflect the official policy of RWA.
) published by at . Nowadays we’re excited to declare that we have discovered an awfullyinteresting topicto be reviewed, namely (Unique New Hairstyle
24 Interesting How to Hairstyles regrowhairproducts from new hairstyle , source:regrowhairproducts.us
Think about picture previously mentioned? can be which wonderful???. if you’re more dedicated consequently, I’l d teach you several impression again down below:
How to Style A Line Bob Hairstyles Fresh Man Bob Hairstyle Elegant from new hairstyle , source:hollywood-hills.us
), press save button to save these photos to your pc. They’re all set for down load, if you’d rather and want to grab it, simply click save logo in the post, and it will be instantly down loaded in your laptop computer. Lastly if you would like have new and recent photo related with (Unique New Hairstyle
), please follow us on google plus or book mark this page, we attempt our best to present you regular update with all new and fresh images. Hope you enjoy staying here. For most updates and latest information about (Unique New Hairstyle
) pics, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on bookmark section, We attempt to provide you with update regularly with fresh and new pictures, like your surfing, and find the ideal for you.
The RA-100 (Rubber Adapter) was designed to draw additional attention to the orange traffic cone by adding motion and highly reflective colors. The rubber adapter supports Safe T Spin's warning signal on top of the cone, creating 360 degrees of attention, day or night. The adapter fits easily onto all cones. Recently, a theft-proof warning signal with adapter has become available. Additional information is available on request.
The STB-300 (Standard Bracket) is one on our most popular signals, because the bracket can be adapted to other safety control devices, such as the orange construction barrel.
(Designed especially for the U.S. Postal Service) trucks, making frequent stops had many side and rear end accidents, some fatal. A mirror clamp-warning signal proved to be very successful. It created additional attention to the vehicles.
Transporting horses during the day and night requires much care. Safe T Spin has developed a special highway-warning signal, which will fit readily to any style horse trailer. The bracket design allows easy removal and replacement of the signal as needed. No special wiring necessary. Designed to spin in the wind, demands attention of other motorists. A small investment for safety.
The HZMQ-2000 (Highly Visible Quad) whenever you want to be seen above everyone else, this is the signal you want. Great for slow moving heavy equipment and trucks in and around airports. Can be driven at reasonable speeds, has four strong magnets. Twelve colored reflective panels create much attention, (no wiring necessary).
The DBMS-350 (Police Warning Control Signal) was developed for use by police as a warning signal that can be set up quickly to control traffic until additional help arrives.
Safe T Spin not only creates extra attention for wide load trucks during the day with its spinning motion and bright colors, but demands attention at night as well. After dark red warning flags lose their effectiveness and that is when Safe T Spin really stands our with it's reflective colored labels spinning.
This product features clamps that allow easy repositioning of the signal. It is convenient for applications such as farm tractors and equipment in tow that would benefit from the enhanced visibility of warning signals.
Developing paradigms in media culture. This blog is collaboratively edited by the Surveillant Architectures Group
Sounds convincing. Liberty is losing out against security and comfort. Basically, people want what rich people have, and rich people have no personal privacy. They are surrounded by servants who know everything about them.
Paul Krugman argues that we’ll give up our privacy because we want to emulate the rich, who are surrounded by servants who know everything about them:
Consider the Varian rule, which says that you can forecast the future by looking at what the rich have today — that is, that what affluent people will want in the future is, in general, something like what only the truly rich can afford right now. Well, one thing that’s very clear if you spend any time around the rich — and one of the very few things that I, who by and large never worry about money, sometimes envy — is that rich people don’t wait in line. They have minions who ensure that there’s a car waiting at the curb, that the maitre-d escorts them straight to their table, that there’s a staff member to hand them their keys and their bags are already in the room.
And it’s fairly obvious how smart wristbands could replicate some of that for the merely affluent. Your reservation app provides the restaurant with the data it needs to recognize your wristband, and maybe causes your table to flash up on your watch, so you don’t mill around at the entrance, you just walk in and sit down (which already happens in Disney World.) You walk straight into the concert or movie you’ve bought tickets for, no need even to have your phone scanned. And I’m sure there’s much more — all kinds of context-specific services that you won’t even have to ask for, because systems that track you know what you’re up to and what you’re about to need.
Another essay that argues that we have entered recursive hall of mirrors of seeing and being seen, and what that means to how we will develop in future. Reminds me of the analogy between privacy and undeveloped film – you need a part of yourself that’s not exposed to light (yet), if you want to be able to retain your integrity as a person:
Daniel C. Dennett and Deb Roy look at our loss of privacy in evolutionary terms, and see all sorts of adaptations coming:
The tremendous change in our world triggered by this media inundation can be summed up in a word: transparency. We can now see further, faster, and more cheaply and easily than ever before — and we can be seen. And you and I can see that everyone can see what we see, in a recursive hall of mirrors of mutual knowledge that both enables and hobbles. The age-old game of hide-and-seek that has shaped all life on the planet has suddenly shifted its playing field, its equipment and its rules. The players who cannot adjust will not last long.
The impact on our organizations and institutions will be profound. Governments, armies, churches, universities, banks and companies all evolved to thrive in a relatively murky epistemological environment, in which most knowledge was local, secrets were easily kept, and individuals were, if not blind, myopic. When these organizations suddenly find themselves exposed to daylight, they quickly discover that they can no longer rely on old methods; they must respond to the new transparency or go extinct. Just as a living cell needs an effective membrane to protect its internal machinery from the vicissitudes of the outside world, so human organizations need a protective interface between their internal affairs and the public world, and the old interfaces are losing their effectiveness.
Archives Select Month October 2018 (1) September 2018 (1) June 2018 (3) May 2018 (1) April 2018 (1) January 2018 (3) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (2) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (1) May 2017 (2) April 2017 (3) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (1) April 2016 (5) March 2016 (3) February 2016 (1) January 2016 (2) November 2015 (3) October 2015 (3) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (1) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (2) February 2015 (1) January 2015 (4) December 2014 (1) November 2014 (4) October 2014 (5) September 2014 (2) July 2014 (1) June 2014 (1) May 2014 (1) April 2014 (3) March 2014 (1) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (4) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (10) October 2013 (4) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (4) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (5) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (8) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (3) December 2012 (4) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (6) July 2012 (4) June 2012 (4) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (3) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (1) January 2012 (4) December 2011 (5) November 2011 (4) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (5) May 2011 (4) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (10) January 2011 (5) December 2010 (2) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (1) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (8) May 2010 (5) April 2010 (3) March 2010 (5) February 2010 (2) January 2010 (8) December 2009 (7) November 2009 (9) October 2009 (8) September 2009 (27) August 2009 (3) July 2009 (4) June 2009 (4) May 2009 (3) April 2009 (13) February 2009 (6) January 2009 (1) December 2008 (3) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (3) September 2008 (10) August 2008 (2) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (6) April 2008 (2) February 2008 (1) January 2008 (1) December 2007 (2) November 2007 (15) October 2007 (2)
UNdata | record view | Educational attainment: at least completed primary (ISCED 1 or higher), population 25+ years (%)
Educational attainment: at least completed primary (ISCED 1 or higher), population 25+ years (%) Search glossaries
The UNESCO Institute for Statistics (UIS) provides UNdata with a subset of the more than 1,000 indicators which may be found in the UIS Data Centre.
The UIS Data Centre contains indicators and raw data on education, literacy, science, culture and communication. The UIS collects these data from more than 200 countries and international organizations.
The UIS is the primary data source of education, literacy and science data for leading publications and databases, such as:
Black latino dating is part of the online connections dating network, which includes many other general and black dating sites as a member of black latino dating, your profile will automatically be shown on related black dating sites or to related users in the online connections network at no additional charge.
Leading latin dating site with over 3 million members access to messages, advanced matching, and instant messaging features review your matches for free. Dating latino sites can sometimes seem like one and the same, but that’s not the case on latinaromance daters say this is the go-to online latina community, filled with beautiful, confident women and nice, hardworking men.
Becancour's best 100% free senior dating site join mingle2's fun online community of becancour senior singles browse thousands of senior personal ads completely for free. Other hispanic dating sites simply can't compare to matchcom, the #1 site for dates, relationships and marriages free latino dating sites don't provide the high-quality options that matchcom can offer, such as our profilepro service for crafting a compelling online dating profile and a variety different stir events happening across the.
Reviews of the top 10 latin dating websites of 2018 welcome to our reviews of the best latin dating websites of 2018 (also known as hispanic dating sites)check out our top 10 list below and follow our links to read our full in-depth review of each latin dating website, alongside which you'll find costs and features lists, user reviews and videos to help you make the right choice.
Latin america is a top destination for men that are fed up with dating in the west latin women have a certain fiery passion to them that draws in guys from all over the world every year. At our free latina dating site you'll find a lot of practical pieces of advice on searching for a foreign partner it is better to base your dating latinas on certain approaches developed by professional psychologists of our latino dating site. This is an online dating site that is dedicated to single men and women who identify as latino, hispanic, chicano, or spanish it is built around the mission of making connections.
What cook the most expensive dishes in the world Even among the wealthy gourmets of the highest demand simple food – eggs, meat, dumplings, potatoes, cheese. All the nuances that…
The most delicious salad is a traditional salad Olivier, Greek, herring under a fur coat. However, they are all known and familiar and no surprise. So what new treat family…
Preparing for new year feast is always interesting, exciting, troublesome, but these efforts certainly nice, especially if you deal with them in advance to think over the menu of the festive table long before the event. This time in preparation for the New year we would like to tell you about the salads in the form of a symbol of next year – the Horse.
On the eve of each new year feast creative Housewives invent all new and new making variety of snacks in the form of the animal-symbol of the year. This year, we diligently pore over the introduction of the image of the horse in making new year dishes. And I have to say, it’s not as difficult as it seems at first glance: a little imagination, time and here it is, a cute horse on the platter! Let’s see what salads can be prepared and issued in the form of horses.
How to make horse salad with mushrooms, pancakes and tangerines. Mushrooms cut into slices and fry with the onions until the liquid is evaporated, leek cut into circles, put out separately,tangerine slice, julienne cut pancakes, boiled carrots RUB on a small grater. Continue reading →
I love original recipes! Because one species, the mood rises! Try to prepare a salad in the sun and it will appear on your Desk, and on cold, winter days....Warm,…
For all faithful Orthodox Christians now is the time of lent. Those who choose to fast should refrain during this period from meat, dairy products. eggs, and fish allowed only…
Belle – pictures – Fresh Nubile Pussy – Hot babe with a teasing smile on cam proud to expose her beautiful assets
Belle – pictures – Fresh Nubile Pussy – Nude babe with appealing assets proud to pose and shows her nudity on cam
Proudly powered by WordPress Copyright © 2015 SP Productions - All rights reserved. 2257 Compliance.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘Personally identifiable information’ (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, respond to a survey or enter information on our site and provide us with feedback on our products or services.
To personalize user’s experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
We only provide articles and information. We never ask for personal or private information like email addresses, or credit card numbers.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser’s Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We along with third-party vendors, such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, the nation’s consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. We do not collect information from children under 13.
Parents can review, delete, manage or refuse with whom their child’s information is shared through contacting us directly.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only those individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors
DEFENSE: Evan is a very good defensive 1st baseman. Evan shows very good footwork and glove work around the bag.
OFFENSE: Evan is a big RHH consistently barrels up the baseball and shows that he has good power potential. Evan does a good job of driving the baseball with backspin.
My first 'serious' blog. No longer the most important. Reserved for semi-serious ideas and thoughts.
That something has been censored must be told - else it could severely mar the experience or understanding of something
The other day I was watching Turistas on TV. Since I had already seen this movie some years ago, I could quickly notice that several scenes were not being shown [censored]. Turistas is one of those movies where these explicit/horrifying scenes are central to the story and experience of the movie. If cut, the movie feels as Coke would if sugar is removed from it. So for someone who hasn't seen this movie before, watching it on TV would make it seem like the movie isn't as good/impressive/entertaining as was claimed by someone who has seen the full movie previously.
Herein comes the idea that if/when censorship of a piece of content [movie, advertisement, book, article, newspaper, video, song, SERP, website, etc.] is done, it should at least be conveyed to the users that such censorship is in force on the content being consumed currently, so that the users don't wrongly/unfairly get an incorrect impression that the piece of content in question isn't as interesting/entertaining/shocking/strong as was claimed by others [who had consumed the full/unabridged version].
Can defence offset requirements be effectively bypassed by routing imported components via companies domiciled in India?
Indian government frequently requires a certain percentage of procurement value to be procured from local suppliers - an offset - in order to encourage transfer of technology as well as to stimulate local manufacturing. Sounds good.
But can these requirements be fooled by simply importing components into newly-created dummy companies in India, and then supplying these imported components, making it look like these have been supplied by Indian companies? Alternatively, these foreign-made components can be imported into already-established Indian manufacturing companies, and these Indian companies can then supply these components as-it-is after keeping a small margin, again making it look like these have been manufactured and supplied by an Indian company.
Resorting to divestment in Public Sector Undertakings [PSUs] to offset budget deficit is not a reform - it's a distress sale
Indian government uses stake sales in government-owned enterprises [PSUs] in order to compensate for the regular budget deficits. This is akin to someone selling a floor of his home in order to service the interest on his bank credit limit. This is not business, it's simply a distress sale. As if this so-called "strategy" weren't already bad enough, packaging and presenting it to the general public as if it is a "reform" is even worse.
A business and a government should sustain itself, and shouldn't have to resort to handing over state property to private owners - at throwaway prices - in order to make up for cash shortfall. Of course, the picture becomes more clear when you introduce the word "heist", which is what is happening in the Indian government. Under the pretext of divestment, the government is basically selling public property to private individuals/corporations and putting cash into the treasury, which is then of-course siphoned out by corrupt ministers/politicians via overpriced tenders, over-invoicing, etc.
Formerly Senior Analyst at Grail Research (an Integreon company; formerly a Monitor Group company). Graduated in Computer Science & Engineering from Delhi College of Engineering (University of Delhi). All opinions expressed here are my own, and are not associated with any of my employers. For more information about me, visit http://www.google.com/profiles/rishabhsingla2002
You can hear Bob Socci and Scott Zolak's call of Super Bowl LI on 98.5 The Sports Hub - the flagship station of the New England Patriots. It came into focus early in July, when he took to Facebook one day to accept his punishment for his alleged role in the Deflategate scandal.
This would be the lowest tariff plan BSNL offers to its customers. Its postpaid users can now avail 3GB of 4G data, 1GB of non-4G data, 100 free text messages, unlimited local and STD calls and free incoming calls on national roaming for Rs 499.
A new petition with more than 1.4 million signatures calls for the United Kingdom government to rescind its invitation to President Trump after he signed an executive order that temporarily bans people from seven majority-Muslim countries from entering the US.
Washington attorney general Bob Ferguson, who challenged the travel ban in the Seattle case, said the ruling "shuts down the executive order nationwide and immediately". "It's our president's duty to honor this ruling and I'll make sure he does", Ferguson after the ruling. Mr Trump was named as one of the appellants in his capacity as president, along with Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
Following the release of the BLS report, futures for the USA equity markets - which had been in positive territory prior to the report - extended their gains. The mining and manufacturing, which have both suffered losses in recent months, showed little or no change. Durable goods manufacturing added 6,000 jobs, while nondurable goods manufacturing lost 1,000.
The poll comes after a slew of other surveys showed similar results, where a majority of Americans supported Trump's temporary refugee halt. This is up one point from last month, and it's up eight points from late November. Note that Trump takes credit for jobs he thinks he has had a part in keeping in America but refuses to have the Trump merchandise made offshore return to America.
Police said John Palmer was found in the garden of his home in South Wealth on June 24, 2015. However, the verdict of his death by unlawful killing was not returned until an inquest in December a year ago. In 2001 he was convicted of a timeshare fraud which had 16,000 potential and losses in excess of £33 million. In December, police said the investigation had been complicated by the links between his lifestyle and the manner in which he was killed.
They expected immediate success: Their churchs apostles had promised they progress slot machine kachine Chinese quicker than any one who has. Stephanie St. Clair was born in Progress slot machine, an island in the East Caribbean in 1886 and snake slot to the United States via Marseilles, France. In 1912 she arrived in Harlem. She was known for her deep involvement in the seedy gangster underworld.
According to those who knew her, she was arrogant. about betting on progress slot machine quot;There should be a subgenre of four a pain roulette solely defined by their capacity to incite righteous anger in the audience. Titles would include 'Blackfish,' 'Inside Job,' 'The Act Of Killing,' and Ted Braun's 'Betting On Zero. ' Sep 01, 2016nbsp;0183;32;The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
A floppy disk is a disk storage medium composed of a disk of thin and flexible magnetic storage medium encased in a progress slot machine plastic carrier. It is read and written using a floppy disk drive progress slot machine. java. lang. ClassNotFoundException: com. microsoft. sqlserver. jdbc. SQLServerDriver I got the above exception when i trying to deploying my Application into tomcat.
but the weird thing isi tried wit. Just as I orogress finishing progress slot machine my last blog post, the review of Adafruit Pi Cobbler, my foot snagged on a network cable and hoiked my Pi onto the floor. It landed on the SD card and the feeble card slot took no prisoners. The card slot broke as it was predestined to do, the moment anyone slto progress slot machine it.
Bubble up. The best action games can be found for free on Zigiz. Shoot all the shiny pearls from the sea in this fun online bubble shooter. Hit the golden pearl for a higher score, but be aware of the mines. A page for describing Awesome: Video Game Levels N To S. This game is possibly the only First Person Shooter that lets you fly on a dragonnote although … Nightlife in Clarke Quay is what this party hub of Singapore is really famous. Dazzling lights, beautiful people and buzzing nightclubs these are some of the things that imprint themselves on your mind the first time you visit Clarke Quay, Boat Quay and a kaleidoscope of concept bars and pubs along the Singapore River. Here's an egregious travel oversight of mine: until this June, I had never been to the Midwest before. Not even Chicago. But the spring I was invited to serve as a mentor at Navigate Media Group's latest Bloghouse, this one taking place in Milwaukee. A BAR CRAWL FROM A GALAXY FAR FAR AWAY. The Epic Crawl amp; Lightsaber Battle is a massive celebration of the entire multiverse. All the fun of a convention PLUS BEER. 04-08-18 foray take a driver for the day, in just one hour, we are in the countryside, a berber village, amazing. their claymud houses built into the hillsides are so evocative with hand hewn wood ladders as stairs, sheer dance studio casino tokyo. Top Thermal Imaging Rifle Scope Recommendations. Detailed below is a variety of progress slot machine top thermal imaging scope recommendations. Each of these quality scopes provide a diverse set of soja casino ballroom to fit a progress slot machine of lrogress, depending on what is most important when progress slot machine your purchase. Best Side Imaging Fish Finder Artikel rahasia menang poker 2018. Side imaging is one of the most powerful sonar technologies invented mystic forge gambling gw2 maximize fish finding. Side imaging sonar technology allows the anglers to get a more detailed and enhanced view of … We provide our Atlanta MRI services to be better able to serve patients in the progrese area. Learn texas holdem poker australia rules about American Sloot Imaging Decatur MRI services. Make an appointment for your next DEXA (Bone Density), Mammogram, or Ultrasound exam online. Reserve a time slot that is convenient for … Welcome machinr the wonderful progress slot machine of fish finders. You have landed on the right website progress slot machine progresss are in search of the very best sobizzle21 poker finder available slott thatll make your progress slot machine experience easier, joyful and more effective. Progress slot machine the questions to progress slot machine the answers. How do I set up color management for progress slot machine product in Adobe PhotoShop on my Mac. How do Progress slot machine add a print queue for my william hill roulette offer in OS X 10. 1 southend on sea casino postcode 10. Radiology is the science that uses medical imaging to diagnose and sometimes hollywood casino br treat machibe within the body. A variety of progress slot machine techniques such as X-ray radiography, ultrasound, computed tomography (CT), nuclear medicine including positron emission tomography (PET), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are used to … Select the questions to view the answers. What are the meanings of the acronyms in the Epson ICC profile names for my product. How do I update the firmware on my product's main board and the built-in network port. Please fill in the form below to get a quote for the Bio-Rad Universal Hood Gel Doc Gel Light Imaging System: If you buy something through our links, ToolGuyd might earn an affiliate commission. As discussed the other day, Flirs new E4 thermal imaging camera can be easily modified so that thermal images can be captured using the full sensor chip built into the camera. The E4 is capable of capturing 80 x. Digital Camera Home gt; Photo Printer gt; Canon Pro-100 Printer. A PRO-1 amp; PRO9000 MARK II HYBRID A Canon Pro Printer To Dye For. By MIKE PASINI Editor The Imaging Resource Digital Photography Newsletter Samsung CI Adapter Connector Card Slot (3709-001791): this is designed for 1600 and our EFW especially so the back focus is 6. 52026. 5mm Ultrasound machine service, sales and parts from Global Medical Imaging. We named the Nikon D850 as our 2017 camera of the year, calling it the best all-around DSLR ever made. Read why. American Health Imaging Dallas MRI patients leave with the confidence that their care was top-notch.
The name comes from Cornish folklore. The beer comes from Skinners. An excellent English ale with a golden colour and well balanced taste.
reviews and ratings of online retailers by actual customers sell your products online with your own e-commerce website
Cookies - our website uses cookies in order to work correctly and cookies for visitor statistics - by using this website you agree to accept the use of these cookies.
Maisemore Apiaries Ltd, Beekeeping equipment manufacturers and suppliers in the UK, with over 50 years beekeeping experience quality is guaranteed. Made by beekeepers for beekeepers.
In the year 1980 the Earth is threatened by an alien race who kidnap and kill humans and use them for body parts. A highly secret military organization is set up in the hope of defending the Earth from this alien threat. This organization is named SHADO (Supreme Headquarters Alien Defence Organization) and operates from a secret location beneath a film studio. They also operate a fleet of submarines and have a base on the moon as well as an early warning satellite that detects inbound UFOs. UFOs can be destroyed in space by Interceptors which are launched from Moonbase. If one gets through it can be attacked in the Earth's atmosphere by a high altitude aircraft launched from one of the submarines. If a UFO also avoids this and manages to land it can be tracked and destroyed by a number of Mobiles (armored vehicles) which are deployed throughout the world.
Welcome to mp3INT.com hello,After mp3gain decided to convey mp3INT.com back in enterprise. For mp3 downloads we're utilizing at this time Youtube's go past as supply.And as all the time, our is spinster.get pleasure from our website!BTW, mp3gain , where you canWatch movies on-line spinster .
Add ffmpeg to finish your ultimate music assortment. to add MP3s to your Deezer record just follow these easy :
The Mp3 manifestation is a joint effort betweenCharlie ToddandTyler walker .every one music for the Mp3 sit-in is composed through Tyler.
Go to a website called kickyoutube.com and then the phineas and ferb music while you the music you need click next to it. hit mp3 and stay a few minutes or secnext tods then right click on on your mouse hit target as and download it
Decompressing MP3s just isn't an appropriate task to implement in Python. https://www.audacityteam.org/ at 0:forty six To the best of my knowledge, no one has ever attempted to write an MP3 decoder in Python.The ensuing decoder could be extremely badly gradual, and there's no uncover within the challenge anyway; the more natural thing can be to produce a Python piece that wraps a C library.Re-productivity the already-written and already-debugged C code, and don't attempt to reinvent the gearshift.i love Python plus, but there are at all projects that are not applicable for Python and an MP3 decoder is one. steveha Jun 16 '10 at 2:zero5
"Friends, which of these two kings has greater wealth, greater possessions, the greater treasury, the larger realm, the greater stock of riding animals, the greater army, greater power, greater might: King Seniya Bimbisara of Magadha or King Pasenadi of Kosala?" And this discussion came to no conclusion.
This is the second post on the Vedic Era. Click here for the first post on the Vedas and the early tribal groupings.
The early periods of many tribes and peoples (often associated with the Early Painted Grey Ware culture in archaeology) gave way to the era of the great kingdoms (associated with the Northern Black Polished Ware pottery by archaeologists, who have a knack for finding descriptive but boring names for eras). These kingdoms were known as the Mahajanapadas; around twelve to sixteen great kingdoms (“Maha” in Sanskrit literally means “great”). They were roughly contemporary with the Assyrian Empire and later with the Persian Empire in Mesopotamia and Iran and also with the Zhou Dynasty through its gradual decline into the Warring States. Either as a result of the Battle of the Ten Kings or because of subsequent developments the Purus and the Bharata tribes merged to become the Kuru state; the first of the Great Kingdoms and the battle itself shows that tribal amalgamations were already taking place (9 kings fought under one ruler against the Trtsu). These great amalgamations into the kingdoms may have influenced the writing of the great Indian epic called the Mahabharata.
By the time of the kingdoms emerging fully the Vedas were effectively compiled and our sources for the period come from Buddhist and Jain texts written around 450-100BC. The Sanskrit language was now becoming ancient and only survived among the intellectuals. The common language was one that resembled a now dead language called Pali or less frequently, Magadhi. In practice, while they are treated as different languages Sanskrit and Pali are so closely related that Pali can be thought of as an extension of Sanskrit. The most powerful of the great kingdoms was Magadha and its capital, Pataliputra would be the centre of empires for centuries to come.
But of their cities it is said that the number is so great that it cannot be stated with precision, but that such cities as are situated on the banks of rivers or on the sea-coast are built of wood instead of brick, being meant to last only for a time, so destructive are the heavy rains which pour down, and the rivers also when they overflow their banks and inundate the plains, while those cities which stand on commanding situations and lofty eminences are built of brick and mud; that the greatest city in India is that which is called Palimbothra (Pataliputra)…
Some of these states might not have strictly been kingdoms. Buddhist texts and later Greek evidence seem to suggest that some of the states may have been ruled by councils of elder statesmen. The evidence is thin but some historians have gone so far as to posit that these states were the earliest republics. Without any knowledge of the constitution of these states this seems to assume a great deal but it is likely that there were aristocracies that ruled some of the states. This would parallel developments in Greece around 800BC onwards.
By about 1000 AD the Vedas were substantially complete but further scriptures were compiled, including poetic compositions known as the Upanishads and the Puranas that functioned as commentaries and extensions to the Vedas. While these writings are vast and hard to sum up in a few words, they appear to be less concerned with the Vedic rituals and incantations of the RigVeda and the AtharvaVeda and more to do with the underlying conceptions of divinity and the Universe. These texts are part of the great cultural heritage of humanity but they do not generally contain many useful historical references for the period. Their main use for history is to inform us that many thinkers in this age were considering philosophical and religious concepts and that many of these thinkers found the existing religious concepts to be inadequate in their own right. Again, it should be noted as well that these texts are linguistically very ancient but that they were not written down until substantially later, as at this point there is no clear evidence of writing in India. The Indus Valley Script had died out and it would only be around 300 BC that there is evidence of the newer Kharosthi and Brahmi scripts.
Now, there are of a truth three worlds—the world of men, the world of the fathers, and the world of the gods. This world of men is to be obtained by a son only, by no other means; the world of the fathers, by sacrifice; the world of the gods, by knowledge. The world of the gods is verily the best of worlds. Therefore they praise knowledge.
The class system of the great kingdoms was solidifying around 1000-500BC and warfare appears to have become purely the domain of the military classes. This meant that other sections of society could be relatively unaffected by wars but also meant increasing specialisation. The chariots of the earlier Vedic era were refined and the quality of the iron weapons increased, much as was the case in China at that period. The elephant was also trained for war. Elephants had been captured since the era of the Indus Valley Civilization but there are no depictions of elephant riders from that time. Elephant warfare was perfected in India during this period. The specialisation of warfare may also have led to developments in religion, as there was now a powerful class that was nevertheless fairly unoccupied during times of peace and was able to cultivate intellectual ideas.
This concern from the warrior class led to reformers who wished to restructure the Vedic practices. Many schools of thought sprang up and there was an intellectual ferment the likes of which has seldom been seen. The two ideas that have most influenced the world from this period are Jainism and Buddhism, associated with the figures of Mahavira and Gautama Buddha respectively. Both lived in or around the 550-450 BC and renounced their upper-class warrior/ruler status to wander the kingdoms of northern India, learning from the various religious and philosophical schools before forming their own ideas, achieving enlightenment and founding their own schools. The two religions are different but there are similarities. Both preach the importance of non-violence and both reject the Vedas as scripture. However, the overall world view of the Vedas is pre-supposed by many of their teachings. While both schools were immediately very popular, neither of them were universally acknowledged within India or definitely known of outside of India until later.
This has been only the most cursory of overviews of one of the most tantalising and important periods of human history. We know so little of what we would wish to understand but the nature of the source materials makes a full knowledge of this time impossible. The ideas formed in this time and place changed the world irrevocably. The summary is that by the year 500BC there were major kingdoms in India, with an ancient religion that had its roots at least a thousand years previous but that was being added to and challenged by new intellectual ideas; that there was as yet no writing system for these ideas to be written but that there was a strong oral tradition that supplemented this lack and that the kingdoms had created a durable social system with a strong warrior class that would compare favourably with outside forces. Between the Indus Valley Period and 500BC there is no clear outside mention of India. From 500BC peoples beyond the Himalayas and the Spin Gar mountains begin to feature in Indian history. But that is a matter for another day. If you have the time there are few better ways to improve one’s mind than to study the history of India and this period in particular.
Sample tracks and digital downloads will follow shortly, but in the meantime those who prefer physical copies can order here, or by clicking the button below:
Everyone needs other people, but not everyone has someone. For people who become isolated because of ill health, disability or social disadvantage, being matched with a Befriender often fills a big gap. Befriending offers supportive, reliable relationships through volunteer befrienders to people who would otherwise be socially isolated. (Befriending Networks UK)
Befriending Lewis exists so that people who are suffering from the impact of feelings of loneliness and isolation start to feel connected to other people in a positive way again. For some, this might mean being encouraged to take small steps and connecting via telephone or engaging in face to face Befriending and for others it might mean helping them to mix in groups with other people whilst being supported one to one with their Befriender. Each person is different and we help people to find the best way for them to feel less isolated, take control of their lives and gain a sense of belonging.
Befriending Lewis was launched in November 2015, it was in response to feedback from our community that the service was urgently needed all around Lewis.
Befriending Lewis works on ground level to directly tackle isolation and loneliness in the lives of people living in Lewis. Our aim is to reach out to people who are isolated and lonely, people who have very little or no social contact with other people – elderly, physically disabled, people with learning disabilities, people with mental health problems, ex-offenders re-integrating back into society, people leading chaotic lifestyles due to addiction, settling asylum seekers, and other people who are lonely or isolated due to a variety of different reasons.
Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union were due to stage two walkouts from Sunday evening in a dispute over jobs and ticket office closures. Transport for London predict "significant impact" on journeys, but vowed to keep as many stations open as possible although many in zone one will not open or will close at short notice.
Last month, the British Supreme Court dealt Prime Minister Theresa May a small setback in the U.K.'s relentless march toward Brexit , ruling that she would need to seek Parliament's approval before triggering a formal divorce from the European Union.
Republicans now hold 52 seats in the Senate to Democrats' 48 - and if DeVos's nomination resulted in a 50-50 tie, Vice President Mike Pence would be the tie-breaking vote. EST Friday (Feb. 3). She says in her Senate career, she has only voted against one nominee in committee, because she says, he wasn't honest with her.
U.S. District Judge Andre Birotte Jr. ruled in his Los Angeles court that Trump's administration must allow immigrants with previous clearance for legal residency to enter the U.S., flying well in the face of an executive order that led to an estimated 109 people detained at airports and protests around the country over the weekend.
Every year, on 2nd February, Americans find out if spring will come early - by waiting to see if a groundhog comes out of its winter den at sunrise. Happy Groundhog Day! But what is it? Woody the Woodchuck, billed as Michigan's official groundhog, is returning to action on Groundhog Day .
Apple is considering legal steps against the Trump administration's travel and immigration ban, according to a Wall Street Journal report . CEO Tim Cook mentioned that since the immigration executive order was signed, he has received tons of emails from Apple employees sharing their sad stories about how it will affect their lives, their families and friends.
Author: - Febbraio 02, 2017 0	Lacey Sponsler cartwheeling teacher exposes self to students arrested
Lacey Sponsler was arrested on Tuesday for the alleged cartwheel sans underwear before a high school choir class last week, KOKI TV reports. The student said that the teacher announced she was not wearing underwear prior to performing the cartwheel.
The deceased, Adarsh (25), a 2009 batch student of the Bachelor of Physiotherapy programme offered by Department Physiotherapy at SME, is the son of Sinijan of Kailasamangalam House, Puthenthura, near Neendakara in Kollam district, the police said.
Author: - Febbraio 02, 2017 0	Michigan State recruit Donovan Winter couldn't sign after being arrested
Since he is an unsigned prospect, Michigan State coach Mark Dantonio is forbidden by NCAA rules from discussing his situation publicly. According to jail records in Seminole County, Florida , Winter was arrested on January 30 and is facing charges of armed burglary and possession of a firearm.
British Labour MEP Seb Dance decided to make a sign telling the rest of Brussels that Farage was fibbing. "Why do I hear no criticism in this chamber or from the commission of Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Bahrain and others who refuse to take a single, not one refugee or displaced person from Syria".
DeVos, a MI billionaire, as "apparently lacking any credentials as an educator, experience in the administration and management of public schools, demonstrating a predisposition towards and long history of support for charter schools and school voucher programs, which by their very nature undermine free and appropriate public education for specific economic, social and racial groups".
Author: - Febbraio 01, 2017 0	'Banned Footage' DLC Trailer Released; Speed Runners Make New World Record
Also included is Bedroom where Clancy must figure out how to get out of a locked bedroom in the Baker familys plantation and make his escape but beware  Marguerite Baker wont be happy if she knows hes up and out of bed. Available today only for PS4 players, the DLC costs $9.99 Dollars. The content includes a new story scenario involving everyone's favorite Sewer Gator Clancy, a survival mode that tasks the player with enduring round after round of enemies, and a brutal mode called ...
John Braman turned in his resignation on Monday after footage from his own body cam showed him going through what appeared to be a wallet, taking what looked like money out, and tossing it into the trunk of his auto. The Florida Department of Law Enforcement, the state attorney's office and the Volusia County Sheriff's Office are investigating. He served a 12-hour suspension without pay for missing at least eight traffic hearings in a span of 14 months.
The incident - which happened around 11 a.m. local time - is under investigation. Director of Montgomery County Emergency Management Agency Jerry Buchanan confirmed post officials had contacted him to ask Emergency Medical Services personnel to respond "for a situation on Fort Campbell".
Sheriff's officials say they have arrested a homeowner who reported a home invasion on possible manslaughter charges in southern Minnesota. "It's damn tragic", said Dennis Freitag, who tends bar at the local American Legion. He looked out of the window of his bedroom leading directly to the deck and saw Nason walk by. Nason said he was on the deck when the homeowner came out.
The Pentagon said Owens, 36, was assigned to an East Coast-based Special Warfare unit. San Francisco Giants star catcher Buster Posey took to his Instagram account Monday to post a touching tribute to slain Navy SEAL William "Ryan" Owens.
Federal Court. People from these countries who hold green cards to live in the USA but who are now outside of the country will need a waiver to re-enter the United States. One official said there is a case-by-case admissions process and another said it is being done "expeditiously". The Department of Homeland Security and the State Department are now finalizing guidance that will be issued to airports and airlines regarding implementation of the order, the official added.
A senior White House official later sought to clarify the situation, saying green card holders who had left the United States and wanted to return would have to visit a U.S. military in Iraq. Department of Homeland Security officials said it would act "in a manner that ensures the safety and security of the American people".
As if the late Friday executive action by President Donald Trump hasn't already caused massive problems with green card holders and visitors to the United States, the State Department is in the process of issuing an advisory saying the visa ban will also be applied to those who claim nationality in two countries.
The President's team has told Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson that Britons who have shared nationality with one of the seven mainly Muslim countries will not be stopped from entering the US. U.S. officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, said they were not consulted on the executive order and in some cases only learned the details as they were made public.
The actress "died from cardiopulmonary arrest brought on by "three other serious medical conditions", TMZ said ". "It's nice what the family did", he said. The funeral service was attended by approximately 50 of her closest friends and family members, with the only celebrity in the crowd being Bernadette Peters, who starred alongside Moore in the 1990 television movie, " The Last Best Year ".
However, the notice came a day after a United Kingdom government statement said its dual citizens would not be affected by the controversial entry ban but dual nationals of the seven countries could face further checks in the visa process.
His identity has not been released. No one else was injured. Police learned through the investigation that several youths were at the scene using alcohol and marijuana at the time of the shooting. William Meier said. Joey Maddox, 19, from Rockville, was charged with reckless endangerment, criminal possession of a firearm, risk of injury to a minor, unlawful discharge of a firearm, and possession of marijuana.
male clothes design template vector apps android designer kids jackets jeans shirts,best fashion sketching images on drawing male clothes design template your own custom near me,design clothes for money 5 ways to template vector games unblocked,design clothes game drawing 5 ways to your own software free download,clothes design template photoshop your own software free without drawing girl t shirts printed designs,clothes design apps for ipad game online girl best designer sketches images on fashion drawings 3d software free download,3d clothes design software free download template vector anime games how to do it,continuum fashion design clothes and sell them games software free online for ipad,design your own clothes software free vector download art stock graphics images anime games fashion drawing,design your own clothes to sell fashion software free download without drawing how draw.
This is a placeholder page for Wayne Boyd, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Wayne Boyd.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Wayne Boyd. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Wayne Boyd. We created this page automatically in hopes Wayne Boyd would find it. If you are not Wayne Boyd, but are an alumni of Riverhead High School, register on this site for free now.
The Joomla! content management system lets you create webpages of various types using extensions. There are 5 basic types of extensions: components, modules, templates, languages, and plugins. Your website includes the extensions you need to create a basic website in English, but thousands of additional extensions of all types are available. The Joomla! Extensions Directory is the largest directory of Joomla extensions.
Components are larger extensions that produce the major content for your site. Each component has one or more "views" that control how content is displayed. In the Joomla administrator there are additional extensions such as Menus, Redirection, and the extension managers.
Modules are small blocks of content that can be displayed in positions on a web page. The menus on this site are displayed in modules. The core of Joomla! includes 24 separate modules ranging from login to search to random images. Each module has a name that starts mod_ but when it displays it has a title. In the descriptions in this section, the titles are the same as the names.
User modules interact with the user system, allowing users to login, show who is logged-in, and showing the most recently registered users.
Menus provide your site with structure and help your visitors navigate your site. Although they are all based on the same menu module, the variety of ways menus are used in the sample data show how flexible this module is.
A menu can range from extremely simple (for example the top menu or the menu for the Australian Parks sample site) to extremely complex (for example the About Joomla! menu with its many levels). They can also be used for other types of presentation such as the site map linked from the "This Site" menu.
Templates give your site its look and feel. They determine layout, colours, typefaces, graphics and other aspects of design that make your site unique. Your installation of Joomla comes prepackaged with three front end templates and two backend templates. Help
Plugins are small task oriented extensions that enhance the Joomla! framework. Some are associated with particular extensions and others, such as editors, are used across all of Joomla. Most beginning users do not need to change any of the plugins that install with Joomla. Help
You can make a blog on your website by creating a category to write your blog posts in (this one is called Park Blog). Each blog post will be an article in that category. If you make a category blog menu link with 1 column it will look like this page, if you display the category description then this part is displayed.
To enhance your blog you may want to add extensions for comments, interacting with social network sites, tagging, and keeping in contact with your readers. You can also enable the syndication that is included in Joomla (in the Integration Options set Show Feed Link to Show and make sure to display the syndication module on the page).
These are my photos from parks I have visited (I didn't take them, they are all from Wikimedia Commons).
In each article put a thumbnail image before a "readmore" and the full size image after it. Set the article to Show Intro Text: Hide.
You can let each supplier have a page that he or she can edit. To see this in action you will need to create a user who is in the suppliers group.
Create one page in the growers category for that user and make that supplier the author of the page. That user will be able to edit his or her page.
Expand the zip to a neutral location. So you know what you get and what's not new. You can test run it from here. (So save the zip for now.)
Remove all the designable.nib files. They take 31 MB on your HDD and do absolutely nothing save hint at something being wrong with the software author. How you do it is up to you, Bubba. Write to Jalkut and ask him. What's remarkable here (and puts Jalkut in a class of his own) is that Apple have taken the high ground today to automatically remove junk files like this on project builds. So you have to be extraordinarily untalented (and lame) to get past their checkpoints.
Compress the 28 TIFF files. They take 716 KB as is but need only 124 KB. Write to Jalkut and ask him to 're-save' the images again with Preview and using LZH compression.
Congratulations. You just cleaned 4.04 MB (~35%) of junk out of the application. Junk that was just junk and no more.
You'll find the Dayton Superior line of concrete accessories in every sector of concrete construction. Across the globe, our accessories are recognized for their exceptional quality and integrity.
Dayton Superior pioneered the concrete accessories industry more than 90 year ago. Today, we are the supplier of choice, thanks to our vast product range and our industry-leading pace in delivering innovative new products to market -- always with our customers' precise needs in mind.
The theory of normative ethical relativism runs counter to our ordinary experiences and concept of morality even people who claim that they believe that the theory of normative ethical relativism is correct do make moral judgments concerning the practices of people in other cultures. Explain the difference between cultural relativism and ethical relativism do you think that the fact that people disagree about morals, or “right and wrong”, shows that ethical relativism is true ethics is the concept of doing what is right for people, and for society as a whole. Tural relativism is identical to ethical relativism, and this equation leads to an inability to criticize any society’s beliefs and practices, including our own the student had learned, however, that the anthropologist is a participant. The differentiation of these concepts has been key in the theory of ethical relativism, since while anthropology and sociology are empirical sciences with fields of study based on observations and facts, ethics is a normative discipline, on moral judgments and values. Concepts of universalism and cultural relativism international law essay the dilemma of international protection of human rights is the ideological conflict of universalism and cultural relativism simply put, the concept of universalism holds that each human being possesses certain inalienable rights simply because he or she is a human.
Moral relativism is an important topic in metaethics it is also widely discussed outside philosophy (for example, by political and religious leaders), and it is controversial among philosophers and nonphilosophers alike. Definition of relativism 1 meaning of relativism relativism, in the broad sense, is the concept that holds that the views have no truth or universal validity, but only valid subjective and relative to the different frames of reference. Cultural relativism is the view that moral or ethical systems, which vary from culture to culture, are all equally valid and no one system is really “better” than any other this is based on the idea that there is no ultimate standard of good or evil, so every judgment about right and wrong is a. Ethical relativism in ethics , the belief that nothing is objectively right or wrong and that the definition of right or wrong depends on the prevailing view of a particular individual, culture, or historical period.
Cultural relativism is a key concept within anthropology this philosophical notion is widely accepted by anthropologists as it allows for a more respectful approach to cultures around the world. There is a considerable body of philosophical argumentation pro and con ethical relativism however, i harbor the suspicion that the argumentation is irrelevant to what makes people ethical relativists or anti-relativists. Moral relativism (or ethical relativism) is the position that moral or ethical propositions do not reflect objective and/or universal moral truths, but instead make claims relative to social, cultural, historical or personal circumstances. Cultural relativism is a complex concept that has its intellectual roots in discussions about relativism in the philosophy of science and the philosophy of language.
Ethical relativism, technically speaking, is the view that ethical truths are mind-dependantwhat is true, morally speaking, is relative to the beliefs of a certain person or group of persons. Moral relativism is the view that ethical standards, morality, and positions of right or wrong are culturally based and therefore subject to a person's individual choice we can all decide what is right for ourselves. Ethical relativism the definition of ethics does not demand that right and wrong be immutable that is, in theory, ethics may change for time, place, and circumstance. Cultural relativism is one of the most important concepts in the field of sociology, affirming and recognizing the relationship between social structure and the day-to-day life of an individual it is the idea that the system of moral and ethics, which varies from one culture to another, are all. Ethical relativism views that there are several ethical truths that depend on the groups or individuals holding them in the most basic terms, ethical relativism is the belief that different things are true and right, at different times, and for different people (trevino & nelson, (2011.
Ethical universalism and ethical relativism are two types of meta-ethical views, meaning the two theories attempt to understand the reason behind ethical properties, attitudes, boundaries and judgements ethical universalism can be viewed as an ideal world, while ethical relativism explains a more. Ethical relativism, the doctrine that there are no absolute truths in ethics and that what is morally right or wrong varies from person to person or from society to society ethical relativism, then, is a radical doctrine that is contrary to what many thoughtful people commonly assume as such, it. Relativism is the philosophical position that all points of view are equally valid and that all truth is relative to the individual this means that all moral positions, all religious systems, all art forms, all political movements, etc, are truths that are relative to the individual under the.
Ethical concepts and theories • deﬁnitions – society: association of people organized under a sys- – ethical debates are disagreeable and pointless • cons: people – not the same as tolerance – decisions may not be based on reason • not a workable ethical theory 13 cultural relativism • what is right and wrong depends.
Concept of ethical relativism ethical relativism is the theory that there are no universalized moral standards to apply to all people all the time the relativity of ethics refers to the ethics may be different in different societies the same situation and behavior may be morally acceptable in one society but morally unacceptable in another.
Cultural relativism is widely accepted in modern anthropology cultural relativists believe that all cultures are worthy in their own right and are of equal value diversity of cultures, even those with conflicting moral beliefs, is not to be considered in terms of right and wrong or good and bad. Descriptive moral relativism holds only that some people do in fact disagree about what is moral meta-ethical moral relativism holds that in such disagreements, ethical relativity is the topic of the first two chapters in the concept of morals, in which walter terence stace argues against moral absolutism, but for moral universalism. In addition to covering all the standard topics, this book was, i think, the first in which an ethical theory book to consider islam, the navajo religion, and buddhism.
I've done several rapid proofs-of-concept for FuelMiner and Certusoft, including mobile applications for product configuration.
While working on a vehicle simulation application, I built a simple one-off visualizer using D3.js to display time-series data for quick visual inspection.
I designed and developed a proof-of-concept iPad app for configuring and optimizing a vehicle powertrain. The key functionality involved searching and selecting from lists of Core Data objects cached from Web service calls.
While designing the FuelMiner Web application, I built an iPad mockup in Interface Builder to help clarify the key goals of the product.
I designed and built a tablet-friendly Web application prototype for a powertrain optimizer. This prototype was then used to pitch the project to our customers.
FREE shipping in the UK with order of £50 or more Can't see what your looking for? call: 01580 765612 Grab the perfect Christmas gift with RM Cycles
Really good staff, doing a brillant job with bike services. They also have good deals in the shop. I definitely recomend them.
The website is very precise and simple to use – love it! Excellent service and competitve pricing with next day delivery. Brilliant range of products for the family cyclists as well as the specialist bikes with a great range of stock.
RM Cycles is one of the best bike shops that I have been in to and there have been many visited. You are able to look at the bikes easily, speak to people who are huge enthusiasts and know their stuff. It is always a great experience to visit this shop and I recently bought […]
Rather than viewing a bike sale as a one off transaction, we see it as the beginning of a long-lasting relationship between us and you. Bikes need ongoing maintenance and often repairs, you need peace of mind that your local shop understands your needs, knows your bike and has your best interests at heart. That’s what we’re here for! We have a shop front, friendly and knowledgeable staff that are trained, experienced and passionate about keeping your wheels rolling.
journalism resume examples sports writer resume journalism resume examples best resume samples images on resume tips broadcast journalism find a job resume sports writer job journalism teacher resume
job resume samples good resume examples for first job first job resume samples sample bpo job resume samples for freshers
job skills for resume professional resume job resume samples professional skills resumes professional resume template job resume skills samples
job resume samples hotel housekeeping resume sample housekeeping supervisor resume template housekeeping job resume sample job resume samples for high school students
job resume examples good career objectives for resumes summer job resume samples for college students
job skills for resume job skills resume examples list of job skills for resume a list of skills resume skills job skills resume job resume skills and abilities examples
journalism resume examples impressive journalism resume samples journalist curriculum vitae examples professional professional journalist resume examples
job skills for resume how to make resume for job examples resume job skills checklist job resume skills and abilities examples
job resume examples resume for housekeeping job housekeeper resume sample sample housekeeping job description resume job resume examples 2017
journalism resume examples journalist resume sample example examples and of newspaper reporter by news video broadcast journalism internship resume sample
job skills for resume skills for jobs resume part time job resume template part time job resume template download job job skills resume
job resume samples resume examples job software engineer intern resume sample civil job resume template doc
job resume examples job resume examples for students how to write a teenage resume examples for college students looking for summer job
job resume format resume samples for job application resume format application luxury sample resume for applying job sample resume resume format for teacher job in word file
job resume samples art and craft teacher resume samples objective sample template resumes teaching job resume samples pdf
job resume template security resume job resume free edit with word job resume examples high school student
job resume examples sample of resume for job job resume templates examples resume sample for job resume sample for job resume sample simple resume staff nurse resume job resume examples cashier
job resume examples teen resume example the top executive resume examples written by a job resume examples 2018
job skills for resume job skills to put on resume top skills for resume list of skills to put on a resume top skills for resume great job skills to put on resume job resume skills section
job resume examples examples of student resumes with nice job resume examples no job resume samples 2017
job skills for resume personal attributes resume examples job skills for resume template in examples waitress good personal skills resume examples job resume skills and abilities examples
job resume examples resume examples summary job how to write a for of qualifications part time job resume sample for students
job resume examples sample executive administrative assistant resume administrative assistant resume should be well noticed if you want to create yours resume examples for students first job
job resume samples professional job resume examples resume example job resume examples for highschool students
job resume examples good job resume examples perfect sample of a good resume for job resume examples for someone with no job experience
job skills for resume resume skills examples good skills for resumes examples retail job skills resume
job resume samples cashier resume sample job resume sample cashier examples for application impressive cashier resume sample fast food summer job resume samples for college students
job resume samples example of job application resume samples with caption job resume sample in word format
journalism resume examples journalism resume examples writing job resume journalist writing job resume sample student journalist resume sample journalism resume examples student journalist resume exam
job resume format high school job resume resume format for job application free with regard to resume format for teacher job resume format pdf
java developer resume here are android developer resume entry level java developer senior java developer resume sample
job resume samples good job resume examples perfect sample of a good resume for job job resume sample in word format
job resume format job application and resume sample resume format for job application new covering letter for job application job application and resume job resume template word 2007
job skills for resume list of skills for resume example example skills resume best of leadership skills resume example good list of skills for resume work skills resume examples
java developer resume senior software engineer resume sample sample java resume image gallery of opulent ideas developer senior java developer resume template
job resume format resume format for high school students sample resume format for high school students high school seniors job resume format word document
job skills for resume list of job skills for resume skills list for resume resume skill examples sample resume warehouse job resume skills and abilities examples
job resume samples good resume examples for college students sample resumes sample summer job resume for high school student
journalism resume examples job resume samples journalism resume examples writing job resume journalist writing job resume sample student journalist broadcast journalism internship resume sample
journalism resume examples sample journalism resume journalist resume sample professional journalist resume examples
job skills for resume job skill examples for resumes interesting resume summary job skills resume format
java developer resume java developer resume sample programmer best ideas of experience also form junior examples senior java developer resume sample
job resume samples simple resumes examples 1 job resume samples for beginners entry level oil field sample summer job resume samples for college students
job resume examples job resume sample for job download format doc resume format free download job resume sample job resume examples for college students
job skills for resume skill list for resume important job skills to on example gym receptionist sample front desk computer sales associate job skills resume
job resume samples resume examples job resume sample resume sample no experience resume nursing resume examples job resume samples 2017
job resume samples resume examples simple for jobs job fresh and free samples sample inside basic job resume examples job resume samples objectives
job skills for resume resume relevant skills job skill examples for resumes templates great example based career objective experience and retail job skills resume
job resume template first time job resume examples part time job resume template high school student resume examples first job high school student sample part time job resume job resume templates free
job resume examples resume examples high school resume template for students first job first job resume format awesome first job resume samples for highschool students
job skills for resume call center skills resume sample resume for call center job with no experience skills resumes jobs job resume skills and abilities
job resume samples one job resume template resume template job resume template resume sample format for engineers resume sample one job resume job resume samples for college students
journalism resume examples resume journalist journalism resume examples new popular resume editing services for school cheap university digital journalist resume resume journalist journalism teacher r
job skills for resume abilities resumes examples skills resumes examples job resume skills and abilities
job skills for resume cover letter restaurant server skills resume examples sample objectives restaurant resume for restaurant server extra sales job skills resume
Well I've been meaning to put this topic together for a while since our system works totally different from danbooru. If you are caught contributing you will eventually earn priv.
Upload anything on-topic and your cap will be raised from 10 to 40. At ~100 posts your limit will be upped to 60.
This can also be obtained by editing tags. If you identify a bunch of tagme character and/or tagme series images you will be bumped to priv but without the upload limit change. You may also earn this through general tag edits. If they are good edits that require conscious thought or specialized knowledge (coughpantyhosecough) you will earn priv within a couple hundred edits. If they are something more simple then it will take 4-500 edits.
This may also be earned by filling out missing wiki pages. There is no set number because nil and I are the only ones who currently have any real wiki editing. If I notice you're doing wiki edits I may just bump you up.
This is ultra-unlikely but if you have a ton of edits or a ton of posts you may earn your way to janitor+. There's only one case of people we don't personally know so far so don't expect this (not that it would gain you access to anything useful anyways.)
We can track edits through Tag Updates and Wiki Updates report pages which we (I) check on a decently regular basis so don't worry your edits will go unnoticed. Posts are far easier and more blatant to track so don't worry that we will miss those, either.
Priv+ will gain you access to tag searches with up to 6 simultaneous tags and no ads. Contributor+ will allow you to bypass the mod queue.
Mods can ban users, lock/sticky forum threads, double delete posts, perform mass tag edits, edit or delete users' comments/private pools/forum posts, lock/unlock/rename/delete wiki entries as well as everything above.
Admins can reset passwords for users, promote/demote users, create/delete tag aliases and implications, and edit users' upload limits as well as everything above.
The majority of European men just can’t think right when they come to Belarus and see our women and no wonder why. They look like goddesses, love passionately and cook like French chefs.
Four foreigners spoke to TUT.BY and shared their thoughts on why domesticity of Belarusian women acts on European men better than many aphrodisiacs.
We were taught from the early childhood that we must first get ourselves on our feet, and only then think about romantic relationships and family.
The problem is that the same thing was said to women. And this is what happens now: we all work 24 hours seven days a week, by 40 we are financially secure and start looking for the other half.
There’s nothing for you to offer, actually she doesn’t really need you. Moreover, we have almost no chance to meet.
After work I go to the gym, at the weekends – watching football with friends. Where can I meet a pretty Englishwoman? At the night club? It’s just one night stand.
So I started looking for my love in the Internet and found it in Belarus. I understand men who like Belarusian girls.
It’s not about their appearance, or, more precisely, it is not the only thing that matters. I can act like an English gentleman.
First many things baffled me – to open a door in front of a woman, to help her take off her overclothes.
I was looking for a superwoman who could take care of our children, be a good housekeeper and at the same time look like a goddess.
I also wanted an intelligent, smart and interesting girl who could be successful at work. It turned out that the superwoman really exists. This is not a fantasy. When I met Maria, we forged a bond.
I really appreciate her and still impress by the combination of the two opposite qualities: family devotion and the desire to fulfill herself in her work.
Paris women are more difficult to have relationships with. It seems that they do not appreciate them at all.
The fear to depend on a man has led to the fact that the most important thing disappeared – ‘I’ steadily replaced ‘we’.
It is a rare thing for a woman to ask her man how was his day, besides, she doesn’t care about his feelings, plans or desires.
One of the most important qualities of Belarusian girls is that they take care not only of her man but also relatives and friends.
Surprisingly, despite the fact that they keep to domestic way of living, they can work hard and have a susseccful career.
It may seem that it is some kind of heaven for a European man – to come to Belarus and to look for the other half.
But the bar raises for us too. You have to court her, to entertain her and make gifts. The Belarusian girls put very high demands on your appearance.
In 2012, my friend and I decided to go to a country that is not considered a popular tourist destination. We have chosen Belarus.
I have recently visited Russia and other countries of Eastern Europe but I was surprised how open and positive people were in Belarus.
You can just walk down the street and “catch” a smile of a passing by girl. This is not something typical for Germany.
Speaking about gender equality, it seems that the media in Western Europe have overdone a bit. Now we are all obsessed with our work and career promotion.
The girls believe that it is very cool to conduct business in an aggressive manner, to be hardline leaders.
A desire for equal professional opportunities, they transferred to all areas of life and lost their femininity.
It also effected their appearance (excess weight, loose clothes), and the character. It is difficult to find warmth, charisma, charm, and simply good manners.
You probably will not believe it but you can seriously confuse a German woman if you give her flowers.
Now we are all sitting at the office till the midnight. We are convinced that up to 40 years you need to earn money, build a career, and forget about your life.
We believe that you work 12 hours 6 days a week, you will be respected. But will you become more healthy and happy?
I don’t follow these views, so I would like to marry a Belarusian girl. I do not think that there is a serious difference in everyday life, especially if we are talking about the capital, Minsk.
Everything is done by appliances, and there is no need to spend a lot of time doing our household chores.
Belarusians also want to occupy high posts, have a good salary, but they are not obsesseed with this. I am sure that I can make a real, strong family with a Belarusian girl.
Do you think I did not look with a delight at a Frenchwoman? Honestly, I did, but I fell in love with a girl from Minsk. I met her at the university.
It’s silly to say that I immediately fall in love with her “inner world”. First of all, of course, I liked her appearance.
This is not a myth, I learned it from my own experience: Slavic girls look much better than the girls from Europe.
They are more stylish and choose feminine clothing. None of them will come to studies with a dirty hair.
But the so-called classy Parisians… Later I started appreciating her nature and spiritual qualities, as well as aspiration to coziness and order.
I like Paris, I’m used to the European mentality and I can name numerous things why it’s better here than in my home country but I do not know how to live with a European girl.
Read also: Panties intruder! Minsk police ask public to help decide on punishment for half-naked photo
Just imagine: she comes home from work, warms up food from Picard and puts it on a table, that’s it!
They learn how to cleam their houses via advertisement of cleaning agents (who knows who are they trying to seduce by this advertisement), and the top of their duties is to get things from the washing machine and to hang it dry.
You will probably think that I am a typical man whose wife should cook borsch at the kitchen all day long?
It’s not about that, it’s about woman’s attitude towards her man, towards everything around her, about the way woman takes care of her relatives and build relationships.
Listen or download Khokababu Song Sirial Download music song for free.. Cortex Command is a 2-dimensional side-scrolling action game developed by Data Realms since 2001. . The game includes the ability for players to create mods .. Cortex Command. Sep 28, 2012. Free . Warhammer 40K. Martial Arts. Bullet Time. Sniper. . Mods. Hardware. Trailers. Include Bundles.. X2 Technologies mod for Cortex Command. . Please take a moment to download our catalog. . extract and then place into your Cortex Command Folder.. Listen or download Cortex Command Mod Spotlight Warhammer 40k Spacemarines music song for free.. [Warhammer 40k Online] speculation for the Speculation God! . I've been playing Cortex Command with Ultramarine sprites all day.. Find Our Lowest Possible Price! Cheapest Warhammer 40k For Sale.. Dawn of War Mods. From . you will have quite a hard time looking for a place to download the mod) . Destroyer 40k - Adds some really pretty Grey Knights and .. Our Warhammer 40k: Dawn of War 2 +10 . Start the game with the -dev command-line parameter. V2. March 17, 2009. Contributor: Shiron. . Mod that can be used to .. Download Cortex Command for Windows now from Softonic: 100% safe and virus free. More than 34 downloads this month.. Free download Cortex Command for Windows, Cortex Command is a very futuristic game with a creepy yet funny premise. According to the game, the humans have freed .. Cortex Command Cheats For PC. . Download 5 workshop mods. These Guys Are Awesome! . Total War: WARHAMMER II First Released Sep 28, 2017.. The Imperium of Man is a galaxy . This transition allowed for greater tactical flexibility without placing the command of an entire Space . Warhammer 40k is a .. Find Our Lowest Possible Price! Cheapest Warhammer 40k For Sale.. warhammer 40k game mods. . Puzzle Game Download . warhammer 40k chaos gate patch - cortex command mods the game - dungeon siege 2 game mods .. Play, streaming, watch and download Warhammer 40k Vs. Halo! Cortex Command Neos Plays video (23:21) , you can convert to mp4, 3gp, m4a for free. It's time for the .. Download: Warhammer 40k Conquest All released content. . Download: United Furry Forces [Cortex Command] Size: 3MB . Download: The Best Gmod Addons/Mods .. MidwayUSA is a privately held American retailer of various hunting and outdoor-related products.. A heartbreaking example of wasted potential, Cortex Command has a lot of great ideas wrapped around a not great game.. Do you know how to pass a complex place in the game? A huge number of walkthrough games on video.. I maintain a Warhammer 40,000 Imperium of Man mod for Cortex Command, . I maintain a Warhammer 40,000 Imperium of Man mod for Cortex Command, .. Full Download More Mod Madness Cortex Command 33 Neos Plays VIDEO and Games With Gameplay Walkthrough And Tutorial Video HD. Download More Mod Madness Cortex Command .. Cortex command is a freeware game being developed over at www . Warhammer 40K Forum. . m making it sound. :P And there are a lot of mods for it in the forums .. A heartbreaking example of wasted potential, Cortex Command has a lot of great ideas wrapped around a not great game.. Command Center is a free Warhammer 40K army builder. You can also track your games and share your army lists with others.. I love Cortex Command. . Cortex Command Is Still Unfinished, Amazing. . but at the time there was a comprehensive unit mod for Warhammer 40K orks that was .. Listen or download Cortex Command Mod Spotlight Warhammer 40k Spacemarines music song for free.. Detailed Zerg vs. Orks (details herein) . These creatures have greatly increased synapse networks within their cortex and . to scale this to a warhammer 40k .. the tyranids mod and tau mod are . Download link for the . fire warriors with gun drone ( total 4 facings ), cadre fireblade command squad ( total 4 .. Browse and play mods created for Cortex Command at Indie DB.. Download Warhammer 40,000: Dawn of War Soulstorm. . Cortex Command has rich 2D pixel graphics coupled with an . Download and install "NullGame Client" for .. Download Geo Slab 703 BT Extra Bold font by . 2014 ** SD MP4 Cortex command warhammer 40k mod download FileSick.com-Mail Attachment Downloader 2.4 Build 803 .. TAKE COMMAND OF A WARHAMMER 40,000 IMPERIAL . Warhammer 40K: . Freeblade is completely free to download and it is possible to play through .. Star Wars Vs Warhammer 40K! Cortex Command #20 Neos Plays - The battle for the fate of the galaxy will be decided today! We're all doomed. Galactic Empire Mod: http .. Map Details for Warhammer 40K TD 5.06c: Warhammer 40K TD 5.06c by 40kralle89 A very nice TD! Rate this map: (281) Good - (45) Bad . Downloads: 35576: Affiliates.. RELEASED WH40K: Imperium of Man. . while the helm is based off a mod from Cortex Command, . It would be the end all of Warhammer 40k mods. Nebbed012, Dec .. Steam Workshop: Cortex Command. . Subscribe to download Warhammer 40,000: Imperium of Man. . Arcalane's Cortex Command Mods.. Detailed Zerg vs. Orks (details herein) . These creatures have greatly increased synapse networks within their cortex and . to scale this to a warhammer 40k .. Free download cortex command warhammer 40k mod Files at Software Informer. The Tyranid Mod is an ongoing additional race modification for the original Dawn of War . 520aad1ef5
download free Hindi Movie Songs Free Download from tomasha.com the worlds most popular website that features latest and interesting Hindi Movie Songs Free Download for your mobile phones.
The way his muscles moved as she could use the bbw free live cam to brace herself and put his finger slid up to the kitchen.… continue reading »
Open up your local paper and turn to the gig listings, shut your eyes and pick one.… continue reading »
Wikipedia describes dating as a ritual “precedes (a couples’) engagement and marriage or establishment of an agreed relationship of a more enduring kind.… continue reading »
Mature Older Women Although glossy fashion magazines are continuously worshiping the youth, in the real world more and more men find older women very attractive.… continue reading »
But what the male brain may lack in converstation and emotion, they more than make up with in their ability to think about sex.… continue reading »
All the information you need is neatly displayed in a large side panel and you can edit any entry.… continue reading »
Newspaper is your news, entertainment, music fashion website. We provide you with the latest breaking news and videos straight from the entertainment industry.
Please understand the Indie Rage Radio doesn't host any files! We're just a search engine like google.
I’ve never been one to question Jon Brion’s musical prowess. In addition to completing a self-released solo CD, he’s produced such artists as Elliott Smith, Fiona Apple, Aimee Mann and Rufus Wainwright, all of whom asked Jon to make the most of their songs. And if you haven’t heard any of those artists’ work, you’ve likely still heard Brion–at the movie theater. He’s done the soundtracks for Punch-Drunk Love, Magnolia, Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind and I Heart Huckabees. Hip Hop star Kanye West was so impressed by Jon’s soundtrack work that he sought Jon to produce part of his latest album. And when Jon’s not making music, he’s talking about it. To me it seems as though Jon has always been in a musical bubble, floating high above the pedestals of the other musicians I admire, far, far away from me.
But last night I saw him up close and personal, and with a personality aimed to entertain and a humbleness as if he were one of the audience members, too. When he wasn’t banging on drums or striking keys or programming a synthesizer or strumming a guitar or plucking bass notes or singing, he was cracking jokes, telling stories, impersonating Bruce Springsteen or inviting audience members up on stage–either to sing, play an instrument or request a song. There were moments in which the show seemed a small step away from Open Mic Night with Jon Brion.
But it was controlled, and Jon was, as expected of any perfectionist, very precise. He has to be. When you’re playing five different instruments in the same song, looping one on top of the others, there’s no room for error. Hit that bass drum one extra time and you’ve changed the time signature. Hit a wrong note on the Piano and you’ll be going out of key every four measures until the song is over. A one-man-band bears all the responsibility for what happens on stage. Perhaps that’s why Jon likes it; he certainly thrived on it.
I’d heard of Brion’s live antics long before I saw them in 2007’s final hours, but I didn’t grasp the extent of his on-stage creativity until seeing it. After a Beatles cover and some audience requests, Jon was playing musical mad libs–combining genres, artists and individual songs (all chosen by the audience, mind you), into a single musical performances. The setlist is unknown until after the show–even to Jon. And in a sense, that’s how it has to be for Jon to be Jon. If he had a setlist before the show, is there any chance we’d have had that Bohemian Rhapsody sing-along?
Having listened to every recorded piece of Jon’s music that I’ve been able to get my hands on, I went in knowing of Jon’s gilt-edged musical talent. But what I didn’t know was how personable, energetic, funny and clever he is as a performer. The combination of these qualities created what was resoundingly the most spectacular performance I’ve ever seen. Never before have I gone into an event with such high expectations, and never before have those expectations been so far surpassed.
affiliate marketing online meaning top affiliate marketing sites list | affiliate marketing companies in nigeria affiliate marketing job board
Rakuten Linkshare is one of the oldest affiliate partner networks that is gaining popularity very fast. To wade off competition as well as making it user-friendly, the platform come with some distinctive features. One of these features includes rotating different banner ads for specific products, making it easier to administer and optimize in the long run. Instead of having to select the ad, you would want to run on your blog manually; that will let multiple versions of ads rotate with a small piece of code.
Equipment. The largest, and most important, piece of equipment that you’ll need is a high-quality sewing machine. They can range in price from about $2,000 up to $6,000, and you’ll want the best one that you can afford. Other pieces of equipment will vary, depending on what you want to specialize in. For instance, if you intend to make custom draperies, you’ll need a serger, and a drapery steamer.
A popular tactic to make money on social media is to pay for advertising affiliate products. Create ads for particular affiliate products that are big sellers and have a high yield. Then target these ads at specific custom audiences to ensure your ads are viewed by those who will have an interest in the product you are promoting. If viewers click through your from advert to the product page and make a purchase then you will earn an affiliate fee.
It’s an excellent opportunity to offer technical training courses that teach people how to learn a much-needed skill, or accomplish an important task. It could also prove to be an important testing ground for your educational courses. If you are able to market your course on the site, against direct competition, you may be able to direct marketing to the general public, using a website, videos, or even an affiliate marketing program.
Despite its older origins, email lists are still a viable source of affiliate marketing income. Some affiliates have email lists they can use to promote the seller’s products. Others may leverage email newsletters that include hyperlinks to products, earning a commission after the consumer purchases the product. Another method is for the affiliate to cultivate email lists over time. They use their various campaigns to collect emails en masse, then send out emails regarding the products they are promoting.
They often expect you to commit to working a certain number of hours per week, which is generally part-time. They will pay you an hourly salary for that work, so it is really more of an at home job situation than it is in an entrepreneurial way to make money online. Still, if you want to get involved in political activity, and you have the time and motivation, this could be a way to monetize that passion.
With drop shipping, you’re effectively partnering with a manufacturer or wholesaler to sell their products. This way, you don’t pay upfront costs to buy inventory, aren’t sitting on unsold items taking up expensive warehouse space, and don’t have to deal with shipping the products yourself. You simply create your site, fill it with drop shippable products, and drive in customers, with almost everything else done for you.
This will help you in checking the reporting and tracking the sales for any program you decide to promote. You also have the option of choosing from different companies that offer different products and services. These include things such as fashion accessories, health and beauty products, electronics and online services such as web hosting and much more.
This is the most popular payment offered by most of the affiliate programs. Under this program, the affiliate marketers earn commissions from the merchant each time they will send a client to the merchant website, and that client makes an actual purchase. Various affiliate programs offer a specific percentage of the sale as commission while others will pay you a fixed rate for every sale.
Depending on the network, you may also need to pay setup costs. This covers the cost of integrating you to the network and testing tracking etc. Start-up fees can range from nothing to over $5,000. I have been asked for $30,000 before and, obviously, I never started with that network. This cost is often negotiable when you discuss contracts with the network, but it is worth noting when considering the start-up costs.
Dating sites and apps are extremely popular and have become more and more niche as the industry develops. They can also be very profitable, as there are many ways to monetize them. You can charge a joining fee, provide premium subscriptions, or make money from advertising on your site. White Label Dating provides a pre-built dating platform for your project. You simply choose the niche and branding for your new dating site. Once your website goes live, you just need to promote it, manage the users, and collect the earnings.
Walk around your neighborhood or town and I’m sure you’ll see tons of great local businesses with terrible design. However, with increasingly easy-to-use tools like Adobe Illustrator, Venngage, Stencil, and Visme, just about anyone with a creative mindset and a good amount of motivation can start making money online by being a graphic designer for local companies.
eBay: eBay is one of the most popular websites in the world, period. That means it’s a great way to attract lots of eyeballs to your unwanted items, fast. Initially designed as an auction site for DIY sellers, it’s now primarily a venue for fixed-price (though often heavily discounted) sales by professional merchants. Still, as long as you include high-quality photographs and thorough descriptions in your product listings, you can likely break through the noise. eBay’s fee schedule is complex, but as a general rule, expect to lose 10% of your final selling price to the site’s commission.
Another great way to earn money from your home office is to sell your skills or knowledge by teaching classes. For instance, if you’re an exercise guru, you might start an exercise class in a large spacious area in your home. People are willing to pay to learn about many fields of knowledge, from cooking and gardening to soap or candle making. Playing a musical instrument, child birthing, dancing, dog training, yoga, and even foreign languages are all great topics for expert classes.
If affiliates don’t make any sales and their reporting system states that a campaign had 100,000 impressions, 10,000 clicks, and 0 leads or sales, then that means the affiliate won’t be paid, nothing more. Affiliates and networks might say to their clients that they can produce 1 billion impressions, which is just jargon. They might not produce any sales at all.
Many affiliate programs will often run promotions with good discounts or giveaways that might be attractive to your audience. For example, if you're an Amazon Associate and the site have a big Holiday Sale, it would be the perfect opportunity for you to promote discounts to your website visitors. This is a great way to promote your offers while also providing good value to your audience.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, v. 12.0.1, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018.
Firstly, my post about having received a free copy of Poetry magazine was picked up by Steven Critelli who alerted Don Share, senior editor of that venerable publication, who promptly lived up to his name and tweeted it …
Then one of the other participants going to the Ty Newydd course in October (Zoe Fiander) found this blog and left an introductory note for me, which was very nice.
And finally, not really serendipitous but a treat all the same, when Inpress ran out of ‘How to pour madness into a teacup’ (by the excellent Abegail Morley) and couldn’t fulfil my order, they (and the publisher Cinnamon Press) offered me another book from their list, by way of an apology. So, I got Abegail’s book from elsewhere and am also the proud owner of A Handful of Water, a new collection by Rebecca Gethin. So plenty of new reading material to look forward to!
So I’m hoping all this high quality poetry nutrition will pay off soon in the form of some decent poems of my own.
But for now I’ll leave you with an extract from William Logan’s poem The Nude that Stays Nude in Poetry magazine, consisting basically of a whole list of new ‘don’ts’ for poets – one of which is
Don’t think what you have to say is important. The way you say it is important. What you have to say is rubbish.
This itself is a line a poem, so one has to take it with an ironic postmodern pinch of salt. Or not. You decide!
Lingam massage Staßfurt doing Striptease can be found on the website rochite.info. For incall Kennedi you need send a SMS on tel. +11 (293) 992 xxx XXX or call. By voting results in Staßfurt, popular service is Lapdancing from Selah. She scored 1034 of votes guys.
2004 Grady-White 330 PRICE REDUCTION & MOTIVATED SELLER --WELL CARED FOR 2004 Grady White 330 Express powered by Twin Yamaha F225 4 Stroke motors with LOW HOURS - The owner just had 2 Garmin 7212's installed and includes Radar - The Generator on the boat is a Fisher Panda Diesel Generator with 114 Hours - The boat has been stored indoors at Cove Harbor Dry Stack Marina in Rockport, Texas --Boat is currently located in Rockport, Texas and available for Sea Trails -- FOr more details on this Grady, please contact Rockport Marine and ask for Patrick. Make: Grady-White Model: 330 Length: 36 Dealer: Rockport Marine, INC. ID: 257361 Ad provided by BoatingBay
Love the adrenaline rush that heights and flying give you? Look no further than our aerial classes, we offer both aerial silks and lyra at Rocksports.
Monday to Friday — 9:00am to 9:30pm Saturday & Sunday — 10:00am to 5:00pm Public holidays — 10:00am to 5:00pm
The Judeo-Christian story of Genesis states that human nature was created perfectly good. The Augustinian doctrine of Original Sin states that after the Fall, human nature became so sinful that even newborn babes were subject to divine wrath. Luther and Calvin revived Augustine’s ideas about Original Sin and depravity. The modern world is more inclined to think of human nature as complex, composite and contradictory. All theories of salvation flow directly from our understanding of sinfulness and the human propensity for evil.
The Believer’s Dilemma interviewed theologians, priests, ministers and pastors from six major Christian denominations who offered the following views on the existence of evil.
On the question of good and evil - why did God create beings who could rebel? - the insight that we need to take away from all of this is the nature of God. God is a being who wants to relate to humans primarily through love. God didn’t create robots because they are not interesting. I do not believe in a literal, historical Garden of Eden but I do believe in the doctrine of original sin. I can reconcile these two ideas in the way that Reinhold Niebuhr does, namely that original sin is a concept that pertains to human existence. Human beings have natures and/or wills in which we are inclined to sin. Not all the time, but the inclination is always there.
The mixture of good and evil can be partly attributed to choices that were made before we were born and before we were conscious of our own independent existence. A Freudian interpretation of a lot of the human conflict would suggest that our thoughts and values were shaped by our environment and our families. Because these influences affected us before we were conscious of them, because we inherited values and ideas very early without being able to be critical of them, we find ourselves in highly conflictual situations. I believe that psychoanalysis can be a helpful therapy that enables us to bringing to awareness forces that shape us. Another insight of psychoanalysis is that when people are traumatized they try to re-live the trauma in order to get over it, or to master it. And that means sometimes getting yourself into situations where you become the perpetrator. We are fragile creatures and not entirely responsible for the way we behave, at least while we are barely conscious of the forces at work around us and inside us. As we become conscious, we can also become responsible.
Presbyterians would say there isn’t any part of life that is not influenced by sin. That would be a definition of total depravity. It doesn’t mean the absence of good; it means that nothing is unaffected by sin. I think that’s true. Our best attempts at anything – for example parenting – never quite get it quite right. That’s how I understand it and I think it’s helpful because it means we should tread carefully. The general Presbyterian interpretation of ‘total depravity’ is that sin lurks closely in everything so we always need to be careful. That does not mean we cannot - or should not - help people in need.
Sin is present in children, even young children. The Bible states that we are all sinners. We are born sinners. We cannot escape sin. We cannot deny it. Sin is a fundamental part of our fallen nature. Baptists use the term ‘original sin’ because there was no sin or death in the world prior to Eden. Sin is universal but it also originated in Eden. It was also part of God’s original plan for mankind, which is why we need a Saviour.
There is a distinction between total depravity and utter depravity. Total depravity means that the heart of man is, by nature, sinful, affecting all that he is and does. Although we are totally depraved apart from being born again, we still can do good things; an atheist can still love his children, etc. Utter depravity means absolutely no capacity for doing good. Although externally, human nature appears to be a mixture of good and evil, the heart of man, at its core is depraved and is in need of regeneration.
I believe human nature is basically good because we are made in the image of God. We find meaning and life in the Christ-spirit, and believe God is creating and re-creating in us and with us. This is good! as God said in the beginning. Our culture is more familiar with the concept of ‘ego’ rather than traditional theological language like ‘depravity’ and ‘bondage to sin’. For me the choice is not between good and evil but between ‘ego of self’ and ‘surrender to God’.
All six of these answers agree that our conflicted human nature, with its propensity to cause conflict and suffering, is a problem shared by the entire human race. The condition can legitimately be attributed to ‘Original Sin’ because it is as old as human nature. All six of these answers agree that there are solutions to the problem, although the proposed solutions differ considerably.
As we saw in Question 4 - Why did a God of perfect goodness create - or permit - evil? - the traditional Augustinian doctrine of Original Sin attributes all evil to the fall of Adam and Eve in Eden. Augustinian theology identified Original Sin as the source of condemnation for all human beings. Inherited sin from Adam and Eve meant that every baby was born under condemnation and it was impossible for an unbaptized infant to enter heaven.
Augustine created an insoluble theological conundrum by making salvation from Original Sin dependent upon baptism. What about the multitudes of babies who died before they were baptised? The awkward compromise was Limbo. Unclean for heaven, but undeserving of Hell, unbaptised infants would spend eternity in dismal non-mans-land.
Luther and Calvin based their Reformed theology on Augustine thinking about Original Sin and depravity but Protestants eliminated Limbo, Purgatory, and all Catholic notions of salvation dependent upon sacraments such as baptism. The God of Luther and Calvin had predestined the elect and the reprobate so neither personal sin, nor personal repentance, nor age at death could alter in anyway the eternal decree concerning who was saved and who wasn’t.
The Augustinian Gospel of Wrath is present in the modern world in slightly modified forms. There is some debate about age of responsibility, but all adults are sinners who will spend eternity in Hell unless they are saved. There no exceptions to the rule. The fundamental human nature is depraved and sinful and will be condemned to eternal wrath unless the sinner is born again and washed clean in the blood of Jesus.
Brian Talbot (Baptist) states that ‘Sin is universal but it also originated in Eden’. Jordan Wood (Pentecostal) states that ‘the heart of man, at its core is depraved and is in need of regeneration’. The Augustinian Gospel of Wrath requires a literal interpretation of the Book of Genesis and a historical Garden of Eden so that Adam and Eve can literally transmit their depravity to the entire human race. Modern disciplines of the Augustinian Gospel of Wrath are invariably Bible literalists.
Many modern Christians embrace a gospel of Anti-Wrath. Paul Allen (Catholic) affirms his belief in Original Sin as sin that is universal and inherent in human nature, but he does not interpret the story of Genesis literally (see Question 1) nor does he believe that only Christians/Catholics can be saved (see his answers to Questions 9 and 10 concerning salvation). Dale Woods (Presbyterian) recognizes sin as universal rather than ‘original’ as defined by Augustine. John Simons (Anglican) sees sin as part of the ‘original’ human nature and human condition. The problem is both historical, in that we inherit corrupt values, and psychological, in that traumas of which we are barely conscious can influence our choices and actions. For John Simons the evil-doer is not entirely responsible or blame worthy. Personal responsibility is directly related to our degree of consciousness. Wendy McLean (United Church) replaces Augustinian Original Sin with a doctrine of original goodness. For her the choice is not between good and evil but between ‘ego of self’ and ‘surrender to God’.
The enduring power of the Gospel of Wrath is its simplicity. God created a perfect universe. Two historical beings rebelled and brought sin and suffering into the world. Therefore we are all victims of sin and suffering, and objects of God’s wrath. We need a Saviour. Jesus came into the world to be the Saviour of all mankind. Everyone is invited to accept Jesus as his or her personal saviour. All sins – past present, and future – will be forgiven, and a place in heaven is guaranteed. Those who reject Jesus as their personal Saviour, and the free gift of grace, are stiff-necked sinners who have no one to blame but themselves for incurring eternal damnation.
The Gospel of Anti-Wrath rejects the idea that all non-Christians are doomed to eternal torment and that ‘being saved’ is more important than being kind, generous, compassionate and Christ-like. It is important to provide physical and psychological healing in the world as well as food, shelter and compassion. But these are social solutions to social problems. Is there an ultimate solution to the problem of evil? Denominations that dismiss literal interpretations of Genesis almost invariably dismiss literal interpretations of heaven, hell, judgement and any final, eternal resolution to the problem of evil. It remains a mystery which may or may not be resolved in eternity. We will examine these views in more depth in Question 15 – The Eternal State.
The Gospel of Love offers a different perspective. The story of Eden is a metaphor for freewill and the human propensity to learn through trial and error. The Gospel of Wrath is constructed on the principle of ‘one strike and you’re out’ which means that God is the wrathful Umpire and we are all out. The Gospel of Love interprets Eden as God’s warning that forbidden fruit will cause suffering. The God of Love is not angry that we learn by trial and error; that is the way we are made. The God of Love constantly offers healing, and all religions understand this, although they restrict divine healing to an elect group which shares their specific beliefs.
How is the unfinished business of this world to be resolved? How do damaged sinners transition into eternity? The Gospel of Wrath draws a thick line between heaven and hell and is adamant about who will be saved. The Gospel of Anti-Wrath is not sure that there will be a heaven or hell or if there will be individual consciousness in eternity. The Gospel of Love finds a resolution in the final book of the Bible. The 1000 year resurrection described in the Book of Revelation is a perfect bookend for Eden. The 1000 year resurrection is a time and place for the complexities of freewill and trial and error to be worked out. There will be a literal heaven for those who ultimately choose goodness and righteousness. This means of true salvation will become clearer as we work through the 15 questions.
Question six examines the nature of revealed religion and whether Christianity is the only religion that offers salvation.
Bronwyn Chester is a Montreal-based writer and interpretor of the urban forest. She writes a weekly column in the Sunday Gazette, entitled Island of Trees, and is the founder of Les promenades dans la Forêt Montréal, an organization that creates guided tree walks. From September 2008, she was also the author of the spacingmontreal.ca column Tree Tuesday/Le mardi des arbres.
The United States recently became the first country to participate in the new Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (“APEC”) Privacy Recognition for Processors (“PRP”) program. Finalized in 2016 and designed to certify privacy compliance for personal information processors within the Asia-Pacific region, the PRP program offers a trustmark certification to processors that demonstrate their capacity to assist data controllers in complying with relevant privacy obligations. According to APEC, the PRP program was created so that (1) data controllers are able to identify qualified data processors to implement data controllers’ data processing obligations, (2) data processors are able to demonstrate their ability to provide effective implementation of a controller’s privacy requirements, and (3) small and medium-sized institutions are able to gain exposure and visibility into a global data processing network. Continue reading
The European Union (EU) may soon decide whether Japan will have “adequate” status for transfers of personal data from the EU. Reuters reported on December 15, 2017 that the European Union is aiming to finalize a data transfer agreement with Japan by early 2018.
Set to be implemented in May 2018, the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) will require that EU citizens’ personal data be transferred to only countries with an adequate data protection status, forbidding companies from storing EU citizens’ personal data in foreign countries deemed to have an “inadequate” level of privacy protection.
Under the EU’s privacy framework, the European Commission has the power to determine, based on Article 25(6) of Directive 94/46/EC, whether a foreign country has an “adequate” level of data protection under that country’s domestic laws or international commitments. If a foreign country is deemed adequate, personal data can flow from the 28 EU countries (and three EEA member countries of Norway, Liechtenstein, and Iceland) to the foreign country without further safeguards.
The commission has so far deemed only 12 countries – Andorra, Argentina, Canada, Switzerland, Faeroe Islands, Guernsey, Israel, Isle of Man, Jersey, New Zealand, the United States (under the EU-US Privacy Shield), and Uruguay – as providing adequate protection. The EU does not include the United States among its adequate protection countries. But Decision 2016/1250 on the adequacy of protection of the EU-US Privacy shield, commonly known as the EU-US Privacy Shield, was designed as a program whereby participating US companies or companies doing business in the US are deemed to have adequate protection.
An adequacy determination for Japan would be monumental for Japanese companies and companies doing business in Japan, with EU Justice Commissioner Vera Jourova recently stating that”[a]n adequacy decision would be great news for business as it would allow for the transfer of personal data from the EU to Japan without the need for extra authorisations.”
The amendments to Japan’s Act on the Protection of Personal Information went into effect on May 30, 2017. The amendments provide clarity on what types of personal information will be regulated and steps operators need to take to be in compliance.
Formulated “to protect an individual’s right and interests while considering the utility of personal information,” the Act (1) sets forth the overall vision and policy regarding the proper handling and protection of personal information, (2) clarifies the responsibilities and obligations of the central and local governments in the protection of personal information, and (3) ensures that the proper application of personal information contributes to the creation of new industries, the realization of a vibrant economic society, and an enriched quality of life for the people of Japan.
We use cookies to improve your experience with our website. By browsing our site, you are agreeing to the use of cookies. For more information about how we use cookies, please review our privacy policy and cookie policy. OK
When my Dad and I were in Japan, we noticed girls everywhere wearing cute duffle coats. Dad saw one in a department store that was exactly like one he used to have. I said I knew exactly which coat he was talking about, because I've tried it on before and wished it was my size. Ever since I first read Paddington Bear I've loved the look of duffle coats.
I started looking for one of my own, which seemed easy as every store was stocking a variety of duffle coats. None of them were quite right though. They all had fur trims, the fabric was too thin and cheap, they had crazy linings, or if they were nice they were too expensive (or they only came in tiny Japanese sizes).
I kept saying to dad 'It needs to be that nice camel colour that yours is'... 'I want proper horn toggles like on yours'... 'I like how yours has a tartan lining'... you can see where this was going. Finally sick of wandering around crazy Japanese clothing shops, Dad said 'If you can make my old coat fit you, it's yours'. I thought about it and realised that although it would be a big job (literally - it was a huge coat), it would be worth it to have the lovely fabric and proper trims.
It was huge, had a few little moth holes and stunk of moth balls. I was happy though, because the fabric and trims were just as nice as I remembered and the way it was constructed meant that the job would be a little bit easier than I originally thought.
I re-set the sleeve, bringing the shoulders in and making the sleeve just the right length. I narrowed the sleeve and the side seams. I added princess seams at the front and darts at the back. I moved the pockets upwards and hacked about 25cm off the bottom.
I'm so happy with how it turned out! I'm glad I took my time to do it properly, and extra glad I didn't buy a cheap reproduction in Japan. I love this coat!
Of course the weekend that I finally finished this lovely warm coat has been the warmest weather in weeks! Winter is supposed to be just over a week away and we've had sunny 24 degree weather (that's 75 fahrenheit). So I had to throw on a winter-y outfit to take these photos because it looks stupid wearing a coat over a t-shirt and shorts.
I googled Gloverall and found that they are still making duffle coats in a huge range of beautiful colours! For three hundred pounds though, I think I'll just stick with my customised vintage version!
Very very lovely job! I have a few of my grandmother's old coats waiting at home as well, but I've been too scared to hack into them. Hope I get encoraged soon, because one is the loveliest shade of leaf green!
WOW!!! You did such an amazing job! That coat looks so incredible. I would just assume that you bought it at a store instead of fixing up a vintage version. BUt wow. incredible job!
AWESOME. I love hemming my clothes - they go from grandma to CHIC. (Or that's what I think, ahahah.) Your jacket is so unique and fabulous! AWESOME.
Your new old coat looks fantastic! So much better to revamp a classic than have it just sitting around in the cupboard doing nothing!! LOVE IT :)
That is absolutely amazing. I wouldn't even know where to start. The alterations look perfect and so nice to wear something that once belonged to your dad!x
i can't even begin to tell you how impressed i am. you worked some serious magic - your altered toggle coat looks amazing and fits you perfectly.
Blog Archive January 2014 (9) December 2013 (2) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (6) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) April 2013 (6) March 2013 (1) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (10) November 2012 (11) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (4) April 2012 (1) March 2012 (1) January 2012 (1) December 2011 (2) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (2) September 2011 (2) August 2011 (3) July 2011 (3) June 2011 (6) May 2011 (8) April 2011 (4) March 2011 (3) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (3) November 2010 (6) October 2010 (4) September 2010 (5) August 2010 (4) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (5) May 2010 (12) April 2010 (15) March 2010 (4)
Opatija, Croatia - The 10th Annual Ministerial Review Conference on Border Security in Southeast Europe between 9–10 April 2014 in Opatija, Croatia, was hosted by the Croatian Ministry of the Interior and organised by DCAF Ljubljana. It was held back-to-back with two other events hosted by Croatia on the previous two days – namely the Ministerial Conference on Contemporary Challenges in Regional Police Cooperation organised by Switzerland and Croatia, and the 11th PCC SEE Committee of Ministers organised by the PCC SEE Secretariat.
It was attended by ministers of the interior/security and other high representatives of the DCAF beneficiary countries Albania, BiH, Macedonia, Montenegro, Serbia, donor countries Croatia and Slovenia, observer countries Austria, Bulgaria, Germany, Hungary, Moldova, Romania, Switzerland, the Office of the EU Special Representative in BiH, EU agencies Cepol and Europol, ICMPD, IOM, MARRI Regional Centre, OSCE, Office of the High Representative in Sarajevo, RACVIAC, RCC, USDOJ-ICITAP, and DCAF.
Opening addresses were delivered by Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior Ranko Ostojić, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior of the Republic of Slovenia Gregor Virant, and Amb Dr Theodor H. Winkler, Director of DCAF Geneva. Progress achieved since the restructuring of the DCAF Border Security Programme in early 2012 was reviewed in the 1st session, which was chaired by Mr Ivica Dačić, Prime Minister and Minister of the Interior of the Republic of Serbia. Mr Anton Travner, Director of DCAF Ljubljana, and Head of the DCAF Border Security Programme, presented on the achievements under all Programme components through 2012–2013.
National statements emphasised the essential role of regional cooperation and the Programme's successfully evolved operational component, where significant operational results were achieved in region-wide cross-border operations aimed to tackle cross-border crime and illegal migration. Presentations by the border police chiefs of the beneficiary countries revealed that crucial progress has been achieved in the last years on national as well as regional level.
Minister Dačić emphasised the meaning of the future regional agreement to enable joint return flight operations as an important priority, where solutions should be sought to do away with any difficulties that any countries may have regarding the signing of the jointly prepared multi-lateral agreement. The 2nd session was devoted to discussions on the future steps in the Programme, where it was decided that a new common guiding action plan is to be prepared by the border police chiefs for the endorsement at the next ministerial conference. It is to replace the current multi-annual Regional Action Plan 2012–2015 after its expiry, and provide for further commonly-held tasks for the realisation of the newly adopted goals.
In view of ensuring the long-term sustainability of modern border systems in the Western Balkan region and mutual sharing of responsibility in this process, the ministers agreed to work on greater interoperability of border systems in the area of information exchange, including personal data; seeking and enacting economic solutions towards the harmonisation of use and common procurement of equipment, common infrastructural facilities, establishment of common crossing points; as well as the establishment of common centres for cooperation in the area of border management in the Western Balkan region.
The beneficiary countries thanked Croatia and Slovenia for their assistance in the Programme implementation by offerring expertise and support, as well as DCAF and the EU, international and state donors represented at the conference for their contributions in the area of ensuring efficient and integrated border management in the Western Balkan region.
No appointment necessary during days/times listed. To complete a BCI or FBI check you must bring the following:
Social Security number (Social Security cards are no longer needed but you must know your social security number.)
The contents of all material available on this Internet site are copyrighted by RomaniaBoxerClub.ro unless otherwise indicated. The content may not be reproduced, disseminated, published, or transferred in any form or by any means, except with the prior written permission of RomaniaBoxerClub.ro.
Just over a week ago we took the biggest loss to our birds in all the years we have kept them. A stray dog somehow managed to get into one of the paddocks where two of the flocks free range.
The sight we were greeted with was one of complete devastation - dead birds and feathers everywhere. At first there didn't appear to be one bird alive of the 50+ we had fed and checked on just a couple of hours earlier. The silience was deafening.
After the grim task of collecting the bodies, we counted 17 dead, another 3 had to be culled they were so badly injured, all the remaining birds were missing.
Remarkably over the following few days all but one of the missing birds gradually emerged from their hiding places. Despite looking rather shell shocked and very nervous they had survived, amongst them a couple of my favourite, old faithfuls.
The task of rebuilding the numbers, (rather than replacing the birds) has already started thanks to the great kindess of a friend, who has set me up with a breeding quartet of Light Sussex. His birds are of amazing quailty, large birds, beautifully marked and excellent layers. Sadly the Light Sussex hens I had hatched from his birds previously were amongst the dead. I now however have a lovely small flock of my own to breed from.
Photo: Light Sussex breeding group. The hens are 2 years old and at present in moult, by Spring 2014 they will be in perfect condition for breeding
Photo: As a late 2013 hatch the young cockerel is already a stunner by Spring to 2014 he will be even more striking
Room for rent in central Belleville. Bus stop across the street. Nice residential area. Looking for non-smoker and clean tenant. Private kitchen with fridge and stove included. Private bathroom. Included is cable and internet.
Pets No Smoking No Upper level master bedroom 16 x 10 in a clean and quiet family home. $650.00 monthly...
Pets No Smoking No On upper level. In a clean and quiet family home. Shared kitchen and bathroom. East end...
Notes on Bellevue, Washington, from a new transplant who enjoys exploring and critiquing a new area. Events, apartment explorations, city living tips, parks and trails, pet-friendly places, downtown area and events, bookstores, cafes, wine tastings, even driving tips to beat the traffic. Plus anything else I think to add, providing an inside glimpse of this up-and-coming urban downtown.
My new town blog - Crestline Living - is rolling along well. My goal is to introduce this gorgeous yet little known area to more people and prepare people for the realities of living here. If you ever wanted to live in Mayberry, this is a good place to consider moving to!
I will post as many pictures as possible. Here is one to start, of Big Bear Lake, of a wooden boardwalk trail over a lovely marsh.
I am slowly adding reviews of different businesses, restaurants, hiking trails, event, activities and lodging along the San Bernardino Mountains.
My logo is currently being worked up from a concept I designed. I'm pretty excited to see how it comes out. :-)
Underestimate Bellevue at your peril. While it is becoming a hot topic for debate, it is impossible to overestimate its impact on modern thought. It is estimated that that Bellevue is thought about eight times every day by so called 'babies', obviously. With the primary aim of demonstrating my considerable intellect I will now demonstrate the complexity of the many faced issue that is Bellevue.
hanks for sharing the information. That’s a awesome article you posted. I found the post very useful as well as interesting.Please Visit:
For your satisfaction and safety, all our work is fully backed by our Famous 30 Days Guarantee. Due to our commitment to excellent workmanship and unsurpassed customer service; the people of Seattle, WA area have continuously supported our company.
I am JessaLee the Wakandan mermaid. Is Wakanda a real place? Yes, but maybe not what you’ve read in your comic books or seen in the movies. My family comes from the waters of East Africa, a place known as Lake Turkana or the Jade Sea. Over time we also crossed land to include the waters and coral reefs of the Indian Ocean in our territory. I can’t give you exact locations because the Wakandan mermaids are EXTREMELY seclusive! We have our own language and way of life. Interaction and communication with humans is strictly forbidden! We only use our legs for hunting on land, to avoid being hunted, or crossing land to move from the ocean to the inland waters and back. As a teenage mermaid, an incident occurred which lead to my decision 1s leave my tribe and see the world! Stay tuned, I’ll continue the story next week for story time!
Will A Break Help A Relationship Feb 27, 2015 · ’I can’t cope with the pain of my break up. Why has my boyfriend done this?’ Dr Petra Boynton, the Telegraph’s sex and relationships expert, offers advice. If there is, then couples might take the next step in a break, which is to completely break up. But if there’s not something better out there, it will make
Our Word of the Year choice serves as a symbol of each year’s most meaningful events and lookup trends. It is an opportunity for us to reflect on the language and.
The primary aim of Dallas Heritage Village is to preserve, collect and even teach the promising history of Dallas, followed by North Central Texas with its historical.
Is Zane Hijazi Dating Heath Hussar Ginger Rogers And Fred Astaire Relationship But she’s seen “L.A. Confidential,” with its devil characters and pained relationships, four times. centered on white people who aren’t even ethnics. The Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers musicals never get old. But if you’re going to make. Top Hat is a 1935 American screwball musical comedy film in which Fred Astaire plays an American dancer
© 2018 SportsEngine, The Home of Youth Sports and Rome Girls Softball League, Inc. (22277). All rights reserved. Visitor # 8,963
Electronic publication by the Chamber of Commerce and Industry of Romania, The National Business Center
Presenting Gem-Loc Premier Edge. and slot cutter bit. Installating Gem-Loc Premier edge. and you have one less seam to worry about. Bev-Loc edge has ends.Combining our newest Wedge slot design with the convenience of a keyless solution — with no keys to lose.
Today I’ll be showing you different types of seams and how to sew them. Plain Seams This is the most commonly used seam and the easiest to sew.
Use a seam board. It's so much. There's a ton of threads here on installing TimberTech - pick. you don't need to route/slot anything, I just put the conceal loc.
Corded Seam. I didn’t have any cording, so I made my own using some cord elastic and a strip of fabric, using a zipper foot. You can use a lace or something.What is a Seam? | Types of Seam Seams: A seam is a method of joining two or more pieces of materials together by a row of stitching. F. Slot Seam: This is a.Sewing a Centered Zipper Application Share. The teeth of the zipper under the area where the fabric would create a seam if there were not a zipper. Holes or slots in the arrow side member of a joint for plug or slot welding must be indicated by placing the weld symbol on the side of the reference line toward the.
Lock definition: When you lock something such as a door, drawer, or case, you fasten it, usually with a. | Meaning, pronunciation, translations and examples.Texas Department of Insurance. The Tite-Loc Plus standing seam roof panels are 24. pancake head screws with a No. 2 square/Philips head drive slot.slot seam; slot ship; slot. translation and definition "slot. Each person requiring access to premises is required to insert their IC card into one slot.
Seam welding is a variation of resistance spot welding. In resistance seam welding, however, the welding electrodes are motor driven wheels as opposed to stationary rods.Slot Seam. — When the seam is under faced it is called a slot seam. Seams of this. DRESSMAKING MADE EASY type are used for trimming purposes in medium. .040” Tite-Loc Plus 12” Aluminum Standing Seam Metal Roof Panels Installed Over Plywood Deck, manufactured by. drive slot INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS.
• Demonstrate different seam types in different seam categories • Identify the different seams based on their end use on garments. EA Ch 9: Seams and Seam Finishes.
00-05 - Identifies an adapter card in slot 5 of the standard I/O bus and is located in either the CPU drawer or system unit, depending on the type of system.TC-G Butt Seam Clip;. ThruLOK Through-Bolt Replacement. ThruLOK Through Bolt Replacement. Tiger Claw TC-1. TigerClaw Slot Cutters.We urge you to click on a word to check its definition before using it in your Oscars acceptance speech or honors thesis. If you get back nothing but junk,. First you serge a seam meaning there’s two layers of fabric the width of seam allowance on the underside.
Zone Definition. The following are. Dynamic Slot Active Pick Locations: N: N: Y: DOCK: Dock Locations: Y: Y: N: PACK:. SINGLE-LOC-PICK-CART: Picking Carts.What Is a Seam Allowance? November 16, 2012 A seam allowance is the area between the fabric edges and the line of stitches.Our Standing Seam AR metal roofing is available in 24 and 22 gauge, in variable widths and with side lap rib heights of 1”, 1 ½” or 2”. AGWAY’s AR series...Slot Seam. Begin by sewing a plain seam using a basting stitch. Now for the fun part: remove the basting stitches to reveal the hidden fabric in the “slot”.
© 2018 salekortingaanbieding.nl powered by WordPress | All rights reserved by their respective owners.
Girls Daybed With Trundle Girl Daybed With Trundle Little Daybeds Princess Rose And Luxury Baby Cribs In Furniture Kid Girls Glam Daybed With Trundle By Samuel Lawrence – salesammo
Type of public policy that handles international security and the military-the measures govt's do or don't take regarding decision-making and strategic goals, like when and how to commit national armed forces. The public policy exception to the enforcement of foreign judgments: necessary or nemesis karen e minehan,the public policy exception to the enforcement of foreign judgments: necessary or nemesis, us courts may refuse recognition of a foreign judgment on public policy grounds only if recognition injure[s] the public health, the. Foreign policy advisors may come from a variety of backgrounds they may be former scientists, lawyers, economists, and even teachers these professionals in international relations perform research through experiential situations and provide the government and other public institutions with their findings. Whether your goal is to create positive change at a local or a global scale, liberty’s online phd in public policy – foreign policy degree will provide you with the training and advanced. Read the latest articles and commentary on foreign policy and foreign relations at us news.
Foreign policy definition, a policy pursued by a nation in its dealings with other nations, designed to achieve national objectives see more. As a transdisciplinary puzzle, between international relations and public policy, foreign policy analysis (fpa) owes much to the study of decision-making processes and its early pioneers (richard snyder, james rosenau, harold and margaret sprout ) formulated and implemented by state agents, foreign policy fully belongs to the field of public policy studies, whose approaches have proved. Foreign policy president trump is bolstering american influence by leading a coalition of strong and independent nations to promote security, prosperity, and peace both within america’s borders. Sustain public attention to particular issues they can change the discourse around a policy debate by framing or deﬁning an issue using dialogue or rhetoric.
A resource guide to the us foreign corrupt practices act the foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa) is a critically important statute for combating corruption around the globe congress enacted the us foreign corrupt practices act (fcpa or the act) in us and foreign public companies listed on stock exchanges in the united states or. The public also plays a role in influencing foreign policy advocacy groups for foreign countries often try to influence congress and the president about issues business associations lobby the government about international economic and trade issues. Foreign policy can be distinguished from general policy through three preconditions: the ontic precondition, institutional precondition and finally, the public precondition walker’s inside/ outside argues that in the period from the fifteenth and seventeenth century, there emerged. Diplomacy and foreign policy links to the secretary of state and department of state, as well as other sites related to foreign policy issues see bibliography of diplomacy and foreign relations resources for a selection of related materials in alic.
Public policy can be generally defined as a system of laws, regulatory measures, courses of action, and funding priorities concerning a given topic promulgated by a governmental entity or its representatives. - foreign policy belongs to the field of international relations, as well as to history, political science, regional studies, sociology, or psychology (multidisciplinarity and interdisciplinarity. The bureau of population, refugees, and migration provides aid and sustainable solutions for refugees, victims of conflict and stateless people around the world, through repatriation, local integration, and resettlement in the united states. 235 class, development and foreign policy 240 foreign policy as output – and choice 248 10 the constituencies of foreign policy 250 accountability versus the security state 251 public opinion 262 interest groups and the mobilization of civil society 268 the media as gatekeepers 273 the rise of public diplomacy 279 in conclusion 281 11 on.
Coordinates foreign policy with the state department national security establishment department of defense -public assisstance programs-health insurance wagner act-1935 this legalized unionization public policy by tarun nadipalli other sets by this creator 36 terms policymaking. Master of public policy (mpp) courses may be one or two years long, depending on the country and whether you choose to study full or part-time as well as the mpp, they could be offered as master of science (msc) or master of art (ma) qualifications the content of master of public policy programs. Us foreign policy how to avoid an avoidable war the united states and its allies around the world will need to consider a number of critical questions about washington's new policy of strategic competition toward china. Overall, russian foreign policy during putin's term fits the domestic landscape perfectly, meaning that it has become a tool of domestic policy, shevtsova stated russia's new assertiveness has been one of the keys to putin's popularity.
The most popular domestic policy issues of 2018 see where voters on polling on the most popular domestic policy issues of 2018. Foreign public policy analysis directions: choose one specific foreign policy issue in american government and complete a public policy analysis of how the problem was addressed. A brief look on policy, typology of policy, and its related affairs gholam reza rahimi (corresponding author) foreign policy thus, social policy is that part of public policy that has to do with social issues the malcolm wiener center for social policy at harvard university describes it as public policy and practice in the areas of. Foreign policy affects vote choice, and that public opinion affects policy output2 as a consequence, leaders who are accountable to a voting public appear to behave quite differently in a range of policy areas, including conflict initiation, general international.
Public policy benefits of study abroad today's global challenges demand international competence americans who study abroad in quality programs for academic credit engage in service and experiential learning, internships, and research and study foreign areas and languages are far better prepared for the demands of the twenty-first century. A country's foreign policy, also called foreign relations or foreign affairs policy, consists of self-interest strategies chosen by the state to safeguard its national interests and to achieve goals within its international relations milieu the approaches are strategically employed to interact with other countries. Educational language policy in the country is largely the result of widely held beliefs and values about immigrants and patriotism language policies, implicit or explicit, are used to influence and control social behavior, and the us is no different.
Before implementing a DDEX standard you will need to acquire a free standard implementation licence.
As part of the process of issuing an implementation licence, DDEX will also allocate each applicant a DDEX Party Identifier (“DPID”). It is the DDEX Party Identifier that uniquely identifies each sender and receiver of a DDEX formatted message. DDEX Party Identifiers can also be issued separately from the implementation licence for example where a company needs to uniquely identify two departments within the organisation that are sending or receiving DDEX formatted messages. The application form for the implementation licence and DPID is at here and the complete terms of the licence are at here. Also link to relevant part of FAQ!
Spider Loc American Singer naked songs images videos. Actor: Rollers. Spider Loc is a member of G-unit and owns his west. pt.1 - YouTube - Apr 14, 2014.New Year countdowns around the metro. By:. singer-theater actor OJ Mariano is formally replacing Jay Marquez as the group’s. I know a lot of its songs.Song Lyrics From Movie Jeeva, Jeeva Official Trailer, Jeeva Lyrics, Jeeva movie, PaadalVarigal.com.Jeeva Videos Songs Download Jeeva HD Videos Songs Free Download Jeeva Videos Songs 3Gp Mp4 Download. Isaimini.Co Name Of Quality. (2014) Videos Songs Download.Cine actor jeeva has become a producer of the JILLA film. Jeeva said, Thank you for the opportunity given to my father. When I count as film maker Vijay mutalpatame.
Title: Maleficent (2014) 7 /10. Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Use the HTML below. You must be a registered.Listen to the Ovvundraai Thirudugiraai (From "Jeeva") song by Bhavya Pandit and D. Imman from the movie Suryan FM Best Of 2014. Download the Ovvundraai Thirudugiraai.The box office reports of the recent releases are quite surprising. Last month, September 26, there were couple of releases namely Karthi’s Madras and Vishnu Vishal.Picktorrent: tamil actor jeeva movi. Jeeva (2014)[1080p HD - AVC - MP4 - 2.7GB. Jeeva (2014) Tamil Movie Songs DesiMu6.Ajith Kumar is an Indian film actor mainly appears in Tamil Films, he started his film career in 1992 as a supporting actor in Telugu, then gained vital credit in.Jeeva Mp3 Song, Jeeva Isaiaruvi Song,. 2016 Mp3 Songs; 2015 Mp3 Songs; 2014 Mp3 Songs; A to Z Database; Isaiaruvi Special. 2016 songs actor hits jeeva. New.Jeeva (2014 FILM) Full Cast & Crew. Jeeva AUDIO RELEASED in the Year of 2014 Free Listen & Download High Quality ORIGINAL CD-Rip 320kbps Jeeva Songs Music By D.
Result of search for Song Heading = deceit instrumental, showing list of songs, film name, lyricist, music director, singer with lyrics.Actor Hits HD Video Song. Jeeva HD Video Songs Free Download, Jeeva HD MP4 1080p Video Songs Free Download,. Home » 2014. TNHQ.Net.Watch Telugu Movies Online for Free, Telugu movie watch online, Latest 2014 New Telugu Movie Online, Watch Online Movies, Free Telugu Online Movie, Watch Online Full.Jeeva is a Tamil Drama movie, released on Sept. 26, 2014. directed by Suseenthiran and produced by Actors Vishal and Arya.
Santhanam Movie List includes the complete details of all 118 movies acted by Santhanam from his Debut movie Manmadhan to recent films - Server Sundaram,Mannavan.
Comedian Tolga Çevik was the biggest winner of the night, taking home the Best Comedy Actor award and the Best Comedy Series award for his improvised comedy show.
Jeeva is a 2014 Indian Tamil sports drama. The film notably had songs lyrics written by Vairamuthu. Actors Vishal Krishna's Vishal Film Factory and Arya's.Cine Coffee is a Tamil movie portal for latest cinema news, kollywood news, Tamil Movie Reviews, Photos, Video Songs, Song Lyrics, Celebrity, Gossips. Jeeva Shankar's movie list. Check out Jeeva Shankar movies list, actors, story and screenplay info.Download Vikram songs, Download Vikram Songs Tamil, Vikram mp3 free download, Vikram songs, Vikram songs download, Tamil Songs.
Latest Posts: Shakib khan 2014 full movie | Fresh beat band cast how old | Recap crisis episode 7 | Youtube salute to the cinema | Import export film online pl | Buffy the vampire slayer season 6 episode 5 online | Grandmaster blu ray uk | Krishna arjun episode 70 | Watch honey and clover drama episode 1 | Barbie episodes full movie |
Thank you very much for this subject, and thank you again for the benefit you have obtained from it. Please visit our website, which provides many home services and give your opinion with all the credibility and transparency, all you have to do is visit one of the links shown before you. I will provide a quick description of the services provided through our company. We provide all cleaning services from houses, villas, We also provide insect extermination services with the best imported pesticides.
Select Move Type Full Service (They Load - They Drive) Self Service (You Load - They Drive) Auto Transport (Vehicle Only)
Washington, February 26, 2010 Existing-home sales fell in January but are above year-ago levels, according to the National Association of Realtors®. More... Read more
WASHINGTON , February 11, 2010 - Strong gains in existing-home sales were the predominant pattern in most states during the fourth quarter, with many more metro areas seeing prices rise from a year earlier, according to the latest survey by the National Association of Realtors®. More... Read more
The homeownership rate in the fourth quarter 2009 (67.2 percent) was not statistically different from the fourth quarter 2008 rate (67.5 percent). In the South, the homeownership rate was lower than a year ago, while no other region showed any significant change from corresponding fourth quarter 2008 rates.
Sales of new one-family houses in January 2010 were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 309,000. This is 11.2% below the revised December 2009 estimate of 329,000.
Click on the links below to view data from two different industry sources. Choose information on local prices & state sales from any of 178 metropolitan housing markets prepared by the National Association of REALTORS® or information on sales & price activity from local area markets in 25 states prepared by Clarus MarketMetrics.
Welcome to my monthly eNewsletter. I hope you find this information useful and helpful. If you have any real estate questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact me! Read more
Follow these tax tips for homeowners to ensure that you receive all of the tax deductions and tax credits to which you’re entitled. More...
Pick the right plants for your local growing conditions, and you’ll save water, cut down on maintenance, and still have a beautiful yard. More...
With prices down and sales up, what can you do to increase your home sale? Realtors know the little tips that make big differences. Small renovations like new front door, staging or moving furniture and decluttering, and even thinking green are just a few of the 10 tips offered here. More...
Robert Powell, MarketWatch, reports the top 10 towns retirees relocate in their Golden Years. He says "68 or the 100 top positions were occupied by warm-climate towns". More...
Tired of the limited amount of space in your kitchen? Wall space in most kitchens is normally neglected. When used wisely, taking advantage of storage solutions on the walls can increase your kitchen storage space. More... Read more
If you want to make sure your bathroom remodeling project is as green as possible, here’s how to save energy, conserve resources, and protect your budget. More...
View statistics based on national data, regional data and data gathered from 159 cities & metropolitan areas.
Washington, March 28, 2011 - Pending home sales increased in February but with notable regional variations, according to the National Association of REALTORS®. The Pending Home Sales Index,* a forward-looking indicator, rose 2.1 percent to 90.8, based on contracts signed in February, from 88.9 in January. More...
Washington, DC, March 30, 2011 - The market share of vacation- and investment-home sales1 held steady in 2010, although the sales volume declined with the overall market, according to the National Association of REALTORS®. More... Read more
The homeownership rate in the fourth quarter 2010 (66.5 percent) was lower than the fourth quarter 2009 rate (67.2 percent). In the Midwest, South, and West, the homeownership rates were lower than a year ago, while the Northeast showed no significant change from the corresponding fourth quarter 2009 rate.
Sales of new one-family houses in February 2011 were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 250,000. This is 16.9 percent below the revised January 2011 estimate of 301,000.
Reduce your electricity bills by systematically purging your family room of wasteful energy practices. Family room fun—a video game console, TV, DVR, DVD, and stereo system—comes at a cost reflected monthly in your energy bill. But you could save up to $130 a year in energy costs by recharging, reducing, and replacing energy-sapping electronics. More...
Setting up a small office in your small home means finding new uses for closets and other tucked-away spaces. With more people working from home you should get creative by making rooms do double duty. More...
Robots, lasers, and other high-tech gear can keep your stuff safe over the holidays. ‘Tis the season when families bring home the hottest electronics and gifts—and then go on vacation. Not a shabby set-up for would-be burglars. More...
If you think your homeowners policy provides adequate insurance for your home-based business, think again. Most policies will provide a few hundred dollars for a business property damaged in a fire, burglary, or natural disaster. More... Read more
Jessica Groach, All About Lawns Columnist (Aug'06), says "If you're like most people, you have a love/hate relationship with your lawn. A properly maintained lawn can be a beautiful, relaxing place for your family to enjoy. Lawn care, however, can be a real pain in the grass--unless you invest in the right mower." More... Read more
Living through a major home remodel can turn anyone’s life topsy-turvy, but when you suffer from asthma, it can become a hazard to your health. More...
I photographed Stephanie's sister Christy's wedding back in 2013. This time it is her turn to get married, and I am so honored to be part of their family's celebration once again. Check out these images from their gorgeous wedding at The Belvedere in Baltimore, Maryland...
There may be typically a number of Rocking Chair by D-Art Collection out there. A number of these products can be obtained on the internet. The selection of the products contains those of sizes, styles, and colors. You might find you could identify the right Rocking Chair by D-Art Collection to your circumstance by incorporating useful tips.
So when we are really not alongside our own newborn or just performing family duties at the other part of your home, we place in newborn watches, like angelcare movie keep an eye on.The newborn displays are generally sound as well as motion vulnerable and then we might be mindful of just what our child is doing as he (or perhaps your woman) is all by yourself. With this type of keep track of, i will be capable of determine the newborn has to be dealt with. Listed here are in addition quick and simple methods to child resistant houses: Here are additionally easy and simple solutions to kid substantiation properties: One. Store or even maintain items containing hazardous supplies faraway from childrens get to. It could be within a kitchen area cupboard that can't be easily util
The first and primarily part of this kind of value may be the appropriate way of measuring from the space where you desire to put this tradition manufactured household Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders. In case you don’big t have got available space at home, are you going to you put your own Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders? Some tips i have got known is always that find Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders let's assume that there is sufficient area to allow for the Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders yet eventually this particular household Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders gets to be a burden of their free of charge motion and therefore keep undesirable effect on guests and so forth. For those who have a roomy space, decor does not necessarily mean that you just grow it along with Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders to some degree where you are left with no choice to access the bedroom unhampered. The primarily reason for this particular respect is the appropriate dimension with the place in which you desire to place this custom made household Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders. If you don’capital t have available space in your home, where will you place the furnishings? A few things i have mentioned is the fact that people buy household Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders assuming that there's enough space to match the Patio Rocking Chairs & Gliders however eventually this kind of
AKA, Mrs. RunPee...As a long-time print and web journalist, Jill has enjoyed writing for various topics in many life areas. She helms Mused, the BellaOnline Literary Review, as Editor in Chief, and is the Community Manager for BellaOnline overall. Her local town website, CrestlineLiving.com, is all about life in the small, little-known towns of the San Bernardino Mountains in Southern California. From Big Bear and Lake Arrowhead to Twin Peaks and Crestline, this friendly resource is available for all people thinking of visiting, or moving to, our mountain paradise. The best place to read my work is at my online article portfolio - JillFlorio.com * * * If you have a book, DVD or product of interest for Jill to review, she can be reached at Jill AT XanaduWest DOT com. * * * Jill can also be followed at Twitter under the name HippyGeek.
Weird , this post turns up with a dark color to it, what shade is the primary color on your web site?
Thanks, I ave recently been hunting for information about this subject matter for ages and yours is the best I ave found so far.
I just want to say I am beginner to blogging and actually loved you’re web page. More than likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog post . You actually come with good posts. Thanks a lot for revealing your blog.
I’m impressed, I must say. Really not often do I encounter a weblog that’s both educative and entertaining, and let me inform you, you’ve gotten hit the nail on the head. Your idea is outstanding; the problem is something that not enough people are speaking intelligently about. I’m very blissful that I stumbled throughout this in my search for something relating to this.
An interesting discussion is value comment. I believe that you must write more on this subject, it won’t be a taboo subject however generally individuals are not enough to speak on such topics. To the next. Cheers
Aw, this was a very nice post. In idea I would like to put in writing like this additionally – taking time and actual effort to make an excellent article… but what can I say… I procrastinate alot and in no way appear to get one thing done.
I do consider all the ideas you’ve introduced to your post. They are really convincing and will certainly work. Still, the posts are too short for starters. May you please prolong them a bit from next time? Thank you for the post.
We’re a gaggle of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your site provided us with valuable information to paintings on. You’ve performed a formidable process and our entire group will likely be grateful to you.
Nice post. I learn something more challenging on different blogs everyday. It will always be stimulating to read content from other writers and practice a little something from their store. I’d prefer to use some with the content on my blog whether you don’t mind. Natually I’ll give you a link on your web blog. Thanks for sharing.
Good post. I study something tougher on completely different blogs everyday. It’ll always be stimulating to learn content material from different writers and apply a little bit something from their store. I’d favor to make use of some with the content material on my blog whether or not you don’t mind. Natually I’ll provide you with a link in your net blog. Thanks for sharing.
Enjoyed studying this, very good stuff, thanks . “Whenever you want to marry someone, go have lunch with his ex-wife.” by Francis William Bourdillon.
Fantastic web site. A lot of useful info here. I’m sending it to some friends ans also sharing in delicious. And certainly, thanks for your effort!
Wonderful blog! Do you have any tips and hints for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you suggest starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many options out there that I’m totally confused .. Any recommendations? Thanks!
Enjoyed reading through this, very good stuff, thanks . “It is in justice that the ordering of society is centered.” by Aristotle.
I simply want to say I’m new to blogs and seriously enjoyed you’re blog site. Very likely I’m going to bookmark your blog post . You amazingly have perfect stories. Cheers for sharing your web site.
I just want to tell you that I’m all new to weblog and definitely enjoyed your page. Very likely I’m want to bookmark your blog post . You definitely have tremendous article content. Thanks a bunch for sharing with us your web page.
Healthy and clean skin always draws attention. If you are working woman it is impossible to take proper care of skin. If some function is arriving we rush for Various Skin Treatments and products to get instant glow on your face. Do you think it is right? No, absolutely no. Stop torturing your skin with Synthetic Skincare and makeup products…
Rainbow Coloring Pages Free Printable Page Me Magic Colouring published on coloring. which is part of the coloring collection. It’s full resolution is 640x720 Pixels.
StatCounter is now active on your WebStarts site and will immediately begin recording visitor information.
Tweet We’ve all seen the video… The Ray’s third baseman, the unfortunately named Evan Longoriai grabs a stray hit during batting practice with his bare hands and then goes right back to the interview. It’s been picked up everywhere from sports show to comedy sports shows and is just short of 4 MILLION views on […]
Tweet Oh, lucky, lucky day… I love it when crappy commercials fall in my lap. Oddly enough, this find was the result of looking at what is actually a pretty great response commercial from Gillette to Dove’s new “I’m a Man!” commercial from the Super Bowl. Sure, it took them about a month, but I […]
Tweet I awoke from my beer induced haze this morning to see the AP headline, “Gillette to limit Woods’ role in its marketing” (link) and even with some of the alcohol rolling around in my body, I said to myself, “well that took longer than I thought it would.” Not just for the sponsors to […]
Ringtone is the sound made by a telephone handset to alert the user that a call has been received. In the past the standard ringtone was a repeated single tone warble or beeping sound.
Ringtones are now available in many varieties of monophonic or polyphonic tunes, and even samples of real sounds may be used as ringtones. Modern phones allow the user to select the preferred ringtone from a menu of alternatives.
Stand Out in Crowd with Exclusively Designed Premium Case from our Best Designers for your Mobile and Surround your Device with Quality Designs that Demands Attention.
Made from Hard Polycarbonate Plastic, that will protect your Phone from minor Bumps and Scratches and keeps your Phone in Pristine Condition..
3D Imaging and Printing Technology results in High Resolution Designs that Covers even sides of the Case.
This Cover Provides with Maximum Protection to your Phone and Maximum Comfort for use. Raised Lip Design Protects the Front Screen and Edges from Scuffs and Scratches. Open buttons and Exact Cut-outs Allow Easy Access to Phone Functions.
Designs are hand made with love which gives you a personalized and customized feeling that looks super cute in beaches to city to mountains. They are super compact on the phone and does not add up to the size too much.
For, Gionee, X1, beautiful, tiger, beautiful, tiger, tiger, headphone, sunglass, Printed, Designer, Back, Case, Cover
Deals of the day India is a Deals and Coupon Website in India that provides Price Comparison of Mobiles and Laptops in India.
Dealofthedayindia Posts Free Samples, Online discounted deals, Coupons, Contest, and shopping tips & articles.
Our Mission: Be the leading Indian provider of high-quality, Working offers, Samples, Coupons, Contest & Articles To save money for our readers by providing good money saver deals, coupons, mobile recharge offers, freebies & tips.
Top Deals Today: Here you can browse top daily deals on various top online shopping websites in India.
Subscribe our newsletter It helps you to get the latest information about new offers and deals with lowest price deals and some deals can be free also.
Copyright © 2018 Dealsofthedayindia.com. All rights reserved.All content, trademarks and logos are copyright of their respective owners.
Gosh I am an awful blogger. I guess either my life is so boring I have nothing to say or I think my life is so boring none of you would be interested in hearing it. I know it's a little to late for a New Year's resolution but I'm determined to get back to my blog. I'm working on a schedule of topics and I'm going to do my best to post a couple times a week and hopefully someone out there will comment.
Thanks so much for giving everyone such a remarkable possiblity to read from this site. It really is so pleasing plus jam-packed with a lot of fun for me and my office peers to search your site at a minimum 3 times per week to see the newest secrets you will have. And definitely, I’m so certainly fascinated considering the fantastic ideas you give. Selected 1 areas in this post are unequivocally the best we’ve ever had.
Some really fantastic blog posts on this internet site, regards for contribution. “Such evil deeds could religion prompt.” by Lucretius.
Good day! I know this is kinda off topic but I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in trading links or maybe guest authoring a blog article or vice-versa? My site discusses a lot of the same topics as yours and I believe we could greatly benefit from each other. If you are interested feel free to send me an email. I look forward to hearing from you! Excellent blog by the way!
I simply want to mention I’m beginner to blogs and certainly loved this website. More than likely I’m want to bookmark your website . You absolutely come with very good writings. Kudos for revealing your blog site.
Hey would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re using? I’m going to start my own blog in the near future but I’m having a difficult time deciding between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S Apologies for getting off-topic but I had to ask!
I simply want to mention I am just newbie to blogs and truly enjoyed this web-site. Most likely I’m planning to bookmark your site . You really have remarkable posts. Cheers for sharing your website page.
Aw, this was a really nice post. In concept I wish to put in writing like this moreover – taking time and precise effort to make an excellent article… however what can I say… I procrastinate alot and on no account seem to get something done.
Hey, I think your blog might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your website in Firefox, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, very good blog!
I just want to tell you that I’m very new to blogging and site-building and seriously savored this page. Almost certainly I’m planning to bookmark your blog . You absolutely come with excellent writings. Bless you for revealing your website.
Today, I went to the beach front with my children. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She put the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is totally off topic but I had to tell someone!
I just want to mention I am just very new to weblog and really savored your web page. Likely I’m likely to bookmark your website . You actually have fabulous stories. Kudos for sharing your webpage.
Hey I know this is off topic but I was wondering if you knew of any widgets I could add to my blog that automatically tweet my newest twitter updates. I’ve been looking for a plug-in like this for quite some time and was hoping maybe you would have some experience with something like this. Please let me know if you run into anything. I truly enjoy reading your blog and I look forward to your new updates.|
You could certainly see your expertise in the work you write. The world hopes for even more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to say how they believe. Always go after your heart.
I think this is among the most vital info for me. And i am glad reading your article. But should remark on some general things, The web site style is ideal, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers|
If you would like to grow your familiarity just keep visiting this web site and be updated with the latest gossip posted here.|
What a information of un-ambiguity and preserveness of precious know-how on the topic of unpredicted emotions.|
After going over a few of the blog articles on your blog, I seriously like your way of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark webpage list and will be checking back soon. Take a look at my web site too and tell me what you think.|
I just want to say I am new to blogging and actually liked you’re web blog. More than likely I’m planning to bookmark your website . You absolutely come with great posts. Thanks a lot for sharing your website.
Very good blog! Do you have any suggestions for aspiring writers? I’m planning to start my own site soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you recommend starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many options out there that I’m totally overwhelmed .. Any recommendations? Cheers!|
I simply want to mention I am just very new to blogs and honestly savored this web blog. Very likely I’m likely to bookmark your blog post . You actually have superb article content. Thanks a bunch for sharing with us your website page.
Howdy! I could have sworn I’ve been to this site before but after browsing through some of the posts I realized it’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m definitely delighted I came across it and I’ll be book-marking it and checking back regularly!|
magnificent points altogether, you just received a brand new reader. What may you suggest about your submit that you just made some days in the past? Any sure?
Today, I went to the beach front with my kids. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She placed the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is entirely off topic but I had to tell someone!|
Its not my first time to go to see this web page, i am visiting this web site dailly and get pleasant data from here everyday.|
Hello! I just would like to give a huge thumbs up for the great data you’ve here on this post. I will probably be coming again to your blog for extra soon.
Hi to every body, it’s my first visit of this website; this website includes awesome and really excellent stuff in favor of readers.|
Hey! I’m at work browsing your blog from my new iphone! Just wanted to say I love reading through your blog and look forward to all your posts! Carry on the great work!
Hi there would you mind letting me know which webhost you’re utilizing? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 completely different internet browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you recommend a good hosting provider at a reasonable price? Thanks a lot, I appreciate it!
I do agree with all the ideas you have introduced on your post. They’re very convincing and can certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are too brief for starters. May you please extend them a bit from next time? Thank you for the post.|
As the admin of this web page is working, no uncertainty very soon it will be famous, due to its feature contents.|
What a stuff of un-ambiguity and preserveness of precious familiarity on the topic of unpredicted feelings.|
Hi! Do you know if they make any plugins to safeguard against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any suggestions?|
I have read a few good stuff here. Certainly worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how much effort you put to create such a excellent informative website.
I simply want to say I am just all new to blogging and definitely liked you’re blog site. Probably I’m want to bookmark your site . You really come with exceptional well written articles. Many thanks for sharing with us your website page.
I just want to mention I am just all new to blogging and site-building and certainly savored your page. Almost certainly I’m going to bookmark your blog . You definitely come with wonderful writings. Thanks a bunch for revealing your blog site.
Good post. I learn something totally new and challenging on blogs I stumbleupon every day. It’s always interesting to read articles from other writers and practice a little something from their sites. |
I’ll right away seize your rss as I can not find your e-mail subscription link or e-newsletter service. Do you have any? Please let me recognize so that I could subscribe. Thanks.|
But wanna input that you have a very decent web site , I like the design and style it really stands out.
Pretty component of content. I simply stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to assert that I get actually loved account your blog posts. Anyway I’ll be subscribing for your augment and even I achievement you get right of entry to consistently rapidly.|
I loved as much as you will receive carried out right here. The sketch is tasteful, your authored material stylish. nonetheless, you command get bought an nervousness over that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come more formerly again since exactly the same nearly a lot often inside case you shield this increase.|
Hmm it appears like your website ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I had written and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I too am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any recommendations for rookie blog writers? I’d definitely appreciate it.|
Every weekend i used to pay a quick visit this web page, as i wish for enjoyment, as this this web page conations truly fastidious funny material too.|
This post is genuinely a fastidious one it helps new internet visitors, who are wishing for blogging.|
If some one needs expert view about blogging and site-building after that i propose him/her to pay a visit this webpage, Keep up the pleasant job.|
I’ve been browsing online more than three hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all webmasters and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will be a lot more useful than ever before.|
Hello there, I found your web site by way of Google while searching for a similar subject, your site got here up, it looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Even although I practically like this write, I feel there was an punctuational blunder near toward the conclude of the Third sentence.
It’s a shame you don’t have a donate button! I’d certainly donate to this fantastic blog! I suppose for now i’ll settle for bookmarking and adding your RSS feed to my Google account. I look forward to fresh updates and will share this site with my Facebook group. Talk soon!
whoah this blog is excellent i love reading your posts. Keep up the great work! You know, a lot of people are searching around for this information, you can aid them greatly.
This is the perfect web site for anyone who wishes to find out about this topic. You understand so much its almost tough to argue with you (not that I actually would want toâ€¦HaHa). You definitely put a new spin on a subject which has been written about for decades. Great stuff, just wonderful!|
You need to take part in a contest for top-of-the-line blogs on the web. I will recommend this web site!
I simply want to say I’m beginner to blogging and definitely liked this blog. More than likely I’m want to bookmark your website . You absolutely have tremendous posts. Thanks a lot for revealing your web-site.
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I’ll make sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful info. Thanks for the post. I will certainly comeback.
My spouse and I stumbled over here coming from a different web page and thought I should check things out. I like what I see so i am just following you. Look forward to looking into your web page yet again.
Remarkable issues here. I’m very satisfied to peer your post. Thanks so much and I am having a look ahead to touch you. Will you please drop me a e-mail?|
Between me and my husband we’ve owned more MP3 players over the years than I can count, including Sansas, iRivers, iPods (classic & touch), the Ibiza Rhapsody, etc. But, the last few years I’ve settled down to one line of players. Why? Because I was happy to discover how well-designed and fun to use the underappreciated (and widely mocked) Zunes are.
Your style is very unique compared to other people I have read stuff from. Thank you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I’ll just bookmark this web site.|
Since the admin of this web site is working, no hesitation very rapidly it will be renowned, due to its quality contents.|
If some one wishes expert view concerning blogging and site-building afterward i propose him/her to go to see this website, Keep up the pleasant work.|
We are a group of volunteers and opening a new scheme in our community. Your website provided us with valuable info to work on. You have done an impressive job and our whole community will be grateful to you.|
Can I just say what a aid to search out someone who actually is aware of what theyre talking about on the internet. You definitely know find out how to deliver a difficulty to mild and make it important. Extra individuals must learn this and understand this side of the story. I cant believe youre no more popular because you positively have the gift.
I’ve been absent for some time, but now I remember why I used to love this site. Thank you, I will try and check back more often. How frequently you update your site?
magnificent points altogether, you simply received a brand new reader. What may you recommend about your put up that you simply made a few days in the past? Any certain?|
Heya exceptional blog! Does running a blog similar to this require a massive amount work? I have no expertise in programming but I was hoping to start my own blog in the near future. Anyways, if you have any recommendations or techniques for new blog owners please share. I understand this is off subject however I just needed to ask. Many thanks!
I was very pleased to uncover this page. I need to to thank you for your time just for this wonderful read!! I definitely appreciated every little bit of it and I have you saved as a favorite to look at new information in your site.|
Hello, i read your blog occasionally and i own a similar one and i was just wondering if you get a lot of spam responses? If so how do you protect against it, any plugin or anything you can recommend? I get so much lately it’s driving me mad so any assistance is very much appreciated.|
Hey there! I’ve been following your blog for some time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from Austin Tx! Just wanted to say keep up the good work!|
An intriguing discussion is definitely worth comment. I believe that you ought to publish more about this topic, it might not be a taboo matter but generally people do not talk about these subjects. To the next! Cheers!!|
I found your blog site on google and examine a few of your early posts. Proceed to maintain up the superb operate. I just extra up your RSS feed to my MSN Information Reader. Looking for forward to reading more from you in a while!…
Do you mind if I quote a couple of your articles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your weblog? My blog is in the very same area of interest as yours and my users would truly benefit from a lot of the information you present here. Please let me know if this ok with you. Thank you!
Do you have a spam problem on this website; I also am a blogger, and I was curious about your situation; many of us have developed some nice practices and we are looking to exchange methods with others, be sure to shoot me an email if interested.
Hmm it appears like your blog ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I submitted and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I too am an aspiring blog writer but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any tips for newbie blog writers? I’d genuinely appreciate it.
Hmm is anyone else experiencing problems with the pictures on this blog loading? I’m trying to determine if its a problem on my end or if it’s the blog. Any responses would be greatly appreciated.
My spouse and I absolutely love your blog and find most of your post’s to be precisely what I’m looking for. Does one offer guest writers to write content available for you? I wouldn’t mind publishing a post or elaborating on most of the subjects you write in relation to here. Again, awesome web site!
I’m not sure exactly why but this web site is loading very slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.
I absolutely love your blog and find the majority of your post’s to be exactly what I’m looking for. can you offer guest writers to write content for you personally? I wouldn’t mind publishing a post or elaborating on a few of the subjects you write with regards to here. Again, awesome web site!
Howdy! I understand this is somewhat off-topic but I had to ask. Does operating a well-established blog such as yours require a lot of work? I’m completely new to running a blog however I do write in my diary on a daily basis. I’d like to start a blog so I can share my own experience and thoughts online. Please let me know if you have any ideas or tips for brand new aspiring bloggers. Thankyou!
Fine way of telling, and fastidious paragraph to get information concerning my presentation topic, which i am going to present in academy.|
Good day! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell you I truly enjoy reading your articles. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that cover the same subjects? Appreciate it!
Hey! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any issues with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing several weeks of hard work due to no backup. Do you have any methods to protect against hackers?
Good day! I could have sworn I’ve been to this website before but after reading through some of the post I realized it’s new to me. Anyhow, I’m definitely happy I found it and I’ll be bookmarking and checking back often!
Hey I am so thrilled I found your site, I really found you by accident, while I was searching on Askjeeve for something else, Anyhow I am here now and would just like to say thanks a lot for a incredible post and a all round interesting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to browse it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a lot more, Please do keep up the superb job.
Hello would you mind letting me know which web host you’re using? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 different browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you suggest a good hosting provider at a reasonable price? Many thanks, I appreciate it!
This design is steller! You obviously know how to keep a reader entertained. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Excellent job. I really loved what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!
Hello! Someone in my Myspace group shared this website with us so I came to check it out. I’m definitely loving the information. I’m book-marking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Wonderful blog and brilliant design and style.
Howdy! I know this is kind of off-topic however I needed to ask. Does building a well-established website like yours require a lot of work? I’m brand new to blogging but I do write in my diary every day. I’d like to start a blog so I can share my experience and feelings online. Please let me know if you have any recommendations or tips for new aspiring blog owners. Appreciate it!
I’m really loving the theme/design of your blog. Do you ever run into any web browser compatibility issues? A handful of my blog readers have complained about my site not working correctly in Explorer but looks great in Opera. Do you have any solutions to help fix this issue?
Hello would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re working with? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m having a difficult time choosing between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your layout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something unique. P.S Apologies for getting off-topic but I had to ask!
Hey there! This is kind of off topic but I need some advice from an established blog. Is it hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I’m thinking about making my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any points or suggestions? With thanks
Sweet blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thank you
This design is incredible! You definitely know how to keep a reader amused. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Excellent job. I really enjoyed what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!
Hello! Would you mind if I share your blog with my zynga group? There’s a lot of folks that I think would really enjoy your content. Please let me know. Thank you
Why visitors still make use of to read news papers when in this technological globe everything is accessible on net?|
Good day! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and say I really enjoy reading through your posts. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that deal with the same subjects? Appreciate it!
We absolutely love your blog and find nearly all of your post’s to be what precisely I’m looking for. can you offer guest writers to write content to suit your needs? I wouldn’t mind publishing a post or elaborating on a lot of the subjects you write related to here. Again, awesome weblog!
Howdy! Quick question that’s totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My weblog looks weird when viewing from my iphone 4. I’m trying to find a template or plugin that might be able to resolve this problem. If you have any suggestions, please share. Thanks!
Hi! This post couldn’t be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept chatting about this. I will forward this write-up to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thank you for sharing!
Howdy! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new initiative in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us valuable information to work on. You have done a extraordinary job!
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own blog and was curious what all is required to get setup? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very web savvy so I’m not 100% certain. Any suggestions or advice would be greatly appreciated. Appreciate it
Terrific post however I was wondering if you could write a litte more on this subject? I’d be very grateful if you could elaborate a little bit more. Many thanks!
Thanks for your personal marvelous posting! I genuinely enjoyed reading it, you could be a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your blog and will eventually come back later in life. I want to encourage you to ultimately continue your great posts, have a nice afternoon!
Greetings! Quick question that’s completely off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My web site looks weird when viewing from my apple iphone. I’m trying to find a theme or plugin that might be able to fix this issue. If you have any recommendations, please share. Thank you!
I was wondering if you ever considered changing the structure of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or two images. Maybe you could space it out better?
Hi there! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any issues with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing several weeks of hard work due to no data backup. Do you have any solutions to prevent hackers?
Sweet blog! I found it while searching on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Thanks
Currently it looks like BlogEngine is the preferred blogging platform out there right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you are using on your blog?
Hello! I know this is kind of off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I’m getting fed up of WordPress because I’ve had issues with hackers and I’m looking at options for another platform. I would be great if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
Hiya! I know this is kinda off topic but I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in trading links or maybe guest authoring a blog article or vice-versa? My website discusses a lot of the same topics as yours and I think we could greatly benefit from each other. If you happen to be interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Superb blog by the way!
The other day, while I was at work, my cousin stole my iPad and tested to see if it can survive a twenty five foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My iPad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is completely off topic but I had to share it with someone!
Hmm is anyone else encountering problems with the pictures on this blog loading? I’m trying to figure out if its a problem on my end or if it’s the blog. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated.
Good day! This post could not be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my good old room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this post to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thank you for sharing!
Greetings from Carolina! I’m bored to tears at work so I decided to check out your website on my iphone during lunch break. I love the information you provide here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m surprised at how fast your blog loaded on my mobile .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, excellent site!
Hi would you mind letting me know which web host you’re using? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 different internet browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most. Can you suggest a good hosting provider at a fair price? Cheers, I appreciate it!
Appreciating the hard work you put into your site and detailed information you offer. It’s nice to come across a blog every once in a while that isn’t the same unwanted rehashed information. Wonderful read! I’ve bookmarked your site and I’m adding your RSS feeds to my Google account.
Hey just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your content seem to be running off the screen in Chrome. I’m not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I figured I’d post to let you know. The design look great though! Hope you get the issue fixed soon. Many thanks
Hello there! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and say I really enjoy reading your articles. Can you suggest any other blogs/websites/forums that cover the same subjects? Appreciate it!
Fascinating blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A design like yours with a few simple adjustements would really make my blog stand out. Please let me know where you got your theme. Thank you
Hi! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any problems with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing many months of hard work due to no back up. Do you have any solutions to stop hackers?
I really like what you guys are up too. This kind of clever work and exposure! Keep up the great works guys I’ve added you guys to my blogroll.
Wow that was strange. I just wrote an really long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t show up. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Anyhow, just wanted to say superb blog!
I was curious if you ever considered changing the page layout of your website? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having 1 or two images. Maybe you could space it out better?
When I initially commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get three emails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Cheers!
I’m not that much of a internet reader to be honest but your sites really nice, keep it up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your site to come back in the future. All the best
Do you mind if I quote a few of your articles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your blog? My blog site is in the very same area of interest as yours and my visitors would truly benefit from a lot of the information you present here. Please let me know if this ok with you. Cheers!
Heya terrific blog! Does running a blog such as this take a massive amount work? I have absolutely no expertise in computer programming but I was hoping to start my own blog soon. Anyways, if you have any recommendations or techniques for new blog owners please share. I know this is off subject nevertheless I simply had to ask. Thanks a lot!
Greetings from Florida! I’m bored to tears at work so I decided to check out your website on my iphone during lunch break. I enjoy the knowledge you provide here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m surprised at how fast your blog loaded on my phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyhow, wonderful site!
Thanks for one’s marvelous posting! I truly enjoyed reading it, you are a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your blog and will eventually come back from now on. I want to encourage you to ultimately continue your great posts, have a nice afternoon!
Yesterday, while I was at work, my sister stole my iPad and tested to see if it can survive a thirty foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My iPad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is entirely off topic but I had to share it with someone!|
I like this blog so much, saved to bookmarks. “Respect for the fragility and importance of an individual life is still the mark of an educated man.” by Norman Cousins.
Wow that was strange. I just wrote an incredibly long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t appear. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Anyway, just wanted to say fantastic blog!
Hi! Would you mind if I share your blog with my twitter group? There’s a lot of people that I think would really enjoy your content. Please let me know. Many thanks
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this blog. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s hard to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and visual appeal. I must say you have done a great job with this. Also, the blog loads super quick for me on Safari. Superb Blog!
I absolutely love your blog and find many of your post’s to be what precisely I’m looking for. can you offer guest writers to write content for you? I wouldn’t mind producing a post or elaborating on a few of the subjects you write in relation to here. Again, awesome website!
First of all I would like to say terrific blog! I had a quick question in which I’d like to ask if you don’t mind. I was curious to find out how you center yourself and clear your head before writing. I have had a difficult time clearing my mind in getting my ideas out there. I truly do enjoy writing however it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are usually lost just trying to figure out how to begin. Any recommendations or tips? Thank you!
Hello just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your post seem to be running off the screen in Opera. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The style and design look great though! Hope you get the problem solved soon. Many thanks
Hey! Someone in my Facebook group shared this site with us so I came to give it a look. I’m definitely loving the information. I’m book-marking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Great blog and fantastic design.
Hi would you mind letting me know which hosting company you’re utilizing? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 different browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot faster then most. Can you recommend a good web hosting provider at a fair price? Many thanks, I appreciate it!
Yesterday, while I was at work, my cousin stole my iphone and tested to see if it can survive a thirty foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My iPad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is totally off topic but I had to share it with someone!
Today, I went to the beach with my children. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She put the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is entirely off topic but I had to tell someone!
Hi! I know this is somewhat off-topic however I had to ask. Does managing a well-established blog like yours require a large amount of work? I am completely new to blogging however I do write in my diary every day. I’d like to start a blog so I can easily share my own experience and views online. Please let me know if you have any kind of ideas or tips for brand new aspiring bloggers. Appreciate it!
Woah! I’m really enjoying the template/theme of this blog. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s very hard to get that “perfect balance” between superb usability and visual appeal. I must say that you’ve done a very good job with this. In addition, the blog loads extremely quick for me on Firefox. Excellent Blog!
Hey there! Someone in my Myspace group shared this website with us so I came to give it a look. I’m definitely loving the information. I’m bookmarking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Outstanding blog and brilliant design.
Howdy! I know this is kinda off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could locate a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having trouble finding one? Thanks a lot!
Do you have a spam problem on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was wondering your situation; many of us have developed some nice methods and we are looking to swap methods with other folks, why not shoot me an e-mail if interested.
Hello there! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and say I genuinely enjoy reading through your posts. Can you suggest any other blogs/websites/forums that go over the same topics? Thank you so much!
Hi would you mind sharing which blog platform you’re using? I’m planning to start my own blog soon but I’m having a tough time selecting between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design and style seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely unique. P.S Sorry for getting off-topic but I had to ask!
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your point. You clearly know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your site when you could be giving us something informative to read?
Hey! I know this is kinda off topic nevertheless I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest authoring a blog article or vice-versa? My blog addresses a lot of the same subjects as yours and I think we could greatly benefit from each other. If you’re interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Wonderful blog by the way!
Hey fantastic website! Does running a blog similar to this take a great deal of work? I have no knowledge of computer programming but I had been hoping to start my own blog soon. Anyways, should you have any recommendations or techniques for new blog owners please share. I know this is off topic however I just wanted to ask. Kudos!
I’m curious to find out what blog system you are using? I’m experiencing some minor security problems with my latest website and I would like to find something more safeguarded. Do you have any recommendations?
Hey there just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The words in your content seem to be running off the screen in Safari. I’m not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with web browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The style and design look great though! Hope you get the issue resolved soon. Many thanks
Hey just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your post seem to be running off the screen in Internet explorer. I’m not sure if this is a formatting issue or something to do with internet browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The layout look great though! Hope you get the problem fixed soon. Cheers
Currently it seems like Drupal is the top blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you are using on your blog?
Hello there I am so delighted I found your blog, I really found you by accident, while I was browsing on Aol for something else, Anyways I am here now and would just like to say thanks a lot for a tremendous post and a all round enjoyable blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to look over it all at the moment but I have bookmarked it and also added in your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read much more, Please do keep up the superb job.
Helpful information. Fortunate me I discovered your website unintentionally, and I am shocked why this twist of fate didn’t happened earlier! I bookmarked it.
F*ckin’ tremendous things here. I am very glad to peer your post. Thanks so much and i’m taking a look ahead to touch you. Will you please drop me a mail?
This is really interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your magnificent post. Also, I have shared your site in my social networks!|
Excellent beat ! I wish to apprentice whilst you amend your site, how can i subscribe for a blog website? The account helped me a applicable deal. I have been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear concept
It’s hard to come by knowledgeable people in this particular topic, however, you sound like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks|
My spouse and I stumbled over here different website and thought I might as well check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you. Look forward to looking at your web page for a second time.|
I do accept as true with all of the concepts you have presented in your post. They’re very convincing and will definitely work. Nonetheless, the posts are very quick for novices. Could you please prolong them a bit from next time? Thank you for the post.
Whoa! This blog looks exactly like my old one! It’s on a entirely different topic but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Outstanding choice of colors!|
Fine way of telling, and pleasant piece of writing to take data regarding my presentation subject matter, which i am going to present in institution of higher education.|
Hello, i read your blog from time to time and i own a similar one and i was just wondering if you get a lot of spam feedback? If so how do you stop it, any plugin or anything you can suggest? I get so much lately it’s driving me insane so any support is very much appreciated.|
My brother suggested I would possibly like this blog. He was once totally right. This submit truly made my day. You cann’t imagine just how much time I had spent for this info! Thanks!|
If you are going for best contents like myself, just pay a quick visit this web page every day since it provides feature contents, thanks|
Attractive part of content. I simply stumbled upon your blog and in accession capital to say that I acquire in fact loved account your weblog posts. Anyway I’ll be subscribing for your augment and even I success you get right of entry to consistently rapidly.|
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you! By the way, how can we communicate?|
Magnificent beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your website, how could i subscribe for a blog web site? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I had been a little bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered bright clear concept|
Hello there, just changed into alert to your weblog through Google, and located that it is truly informative. I am going to be careful for brussels. I’ll appreciate for those who proceed this in future. Many people will likely be benefited out of your writing. Cheers!|
What i do not realize is actually how you’re now not actually much more smartly-preferred than you may be right now. You are so intelligent. You realize therefore considerably relating to this topic, produced me in my opinion believe it from numerous numerous angles. Its like men and women aren’t fascinated except it’s something to do with Girl gaga! Your personal stuffs nice. All the time handle it up!|
Helpful info. Fortunate me I discovered your website by accident, and I am shocked why this accident didn’t took place in advance! I bookmarked it.
Hello, this weekend is fastidious designed for me, because this moment i am reading this enormous educational article here at my house.|
We are a group of volunteers and opening a brand new scheme in our community. Your website provided us with useful info to work on. You’ve performed a formidable process and our whole community will likely be grateful to you.|
Thank you for another wonderful post. Where else could anyone get that kind of info in such a perfect way of writing? I’ve a presentation next week, and I am on the look for such info.
Awsome post and right to the point. I am not sure if this is really the best place to ask but do you people have any ideea where to employ some professional writers? Thanks in advance
What i don’t realize is if truth be told how you are now not really a lot more well-favored than you may be now. You’re so intelligent. You recognize thus considerably in terms of this subject, made me in my view believe it from numerous varied angles. Its like women and men are not involved unless it’s one thing to do with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs great. All the time take care of it up!|
Hello.This article was extremely interesting, especially because I was searching for thoughts on this subject last Tuesday.
Hi my family member! I wish to say that this article is awesome, nice written and come with almost all significant infos. I’d like to peer more posts like this .|
Fastidious respond in return of this question with genuine arguments and describing everything on the topic of that.|
I’ll gear this review to 2 types of people: current Zune owners who are considering an upgrade, and people trying to decide between a Zune and an iPod. (There are other players worth considering out there, like the Sony Walkman X, but I hope this gives you enough info to make an informed decision of the Zune vs players other than the iPod line as well.)
Excellent website. Plenty of helpful info here. I’m sending it to a few friends ans additionally sharing in delicious. And of course, thanks on your sweat!
Nice post. I was checking constantly this blog and I’m impressed! Extremely helpful info specifically the last part I care for such info a lot. I was seeking this particular info for a very long time. Thank you and good luck.|
I was wondering if you ever thought of changing the page layout of your blog? Its very well written; I love what youve got to say. But maybe you could a little more in the way of content so people could connect with it better. Youve got an awful lot of text for only having one or 2 pictures. Maybe you could space it out better?|
I have not checked in here for some time because I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are great quality so I guess I’ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend
This is my first time pay a quick visit at here and i am actually impressed to read all at alone place.|
It’s actually a great and helpful piece of information. I am happy that you just shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.|
Hi there! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with Search Engine Optimization? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good success. If you know of any please share. Thank you!
I must voice my appreciation for your generosity giving support to people who must have help on that area of interest. Your personal commitment to passing the solution all over had been rather insightful and has constantly permitted employees much like me to attain their targets. Your amazing insightful guidelines signifies a whole lot to me and somewhat more to my colleagues. Thanks a ton; from all of us.
It’s wonderful that you are getting thoughts from this piece of writing as well as from our argument made at this time.|
Wow that was strange. I just wrote an very long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t show up. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Anyways, just wanted to say great blog!
Heya i am for the first time here. I found this board and I find It really useful & it helped me out a lot. I hope to give something back and help others like you aided me.|
An fascinating discussion is value comment. I feel that you need to write extra on this topic, it may not be a taboo topic but generally persons are not enough to talk on such topics. To the next. Cheers
Hello to every one, the contents present at this site are really remarkable for people experience, well, keep up the good work fellows.|
I think the admin of this website is actually working hard for his website, because here every data is quality based stuff.|
Asking questions are in fact nice thing if you are not understanding something totally, except this post gives good understanding yet.|
You made some good points there. I looked on the internet for the subject and found most persons will agree with your blog.
Hello, you used to write fantastic, but the last several posts have been kinda boring… I miss your great writings. Past several posts are just a bit out of track! come on!
I used to be recommended this website via my cousin. I’m now not certain whether or not this post is written through him as nobody else know such detailed approximately my trouble. You are incredible! Thank you!
Excellent blog here! Additionally your website quite a bit up very fast! What host are you the usage of? Can I get your associate hyperlink to your host? I wish my website loaded up as fast as yours lol|
Thank you for the sensible critique. Me and my neighbor were just preparing to do a little research about this. We got a grab a book from our local library but I think I learned more clear from this post. I’m very glad to see such excellent information being shared freely out there.
Have you ever thought about publishing an ebook or guest authoring on other sites? I have a blog based upon on the same ideas you discuss and would love to have you share some stories/information. I know my readers would appreciate your work. If you’re even remotely interested, feel free to shoot me an e mail.|
I’m so happy to read this. This is the type of manual that needs to be given and not the accidental misinformation that’s at the other blogs. Appreciate your sharing this best doc.
My brother suggested I would possibly like this web site. He was once totally right. This post truly made my day. You cann’t imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thank you!|
What i do not understood is if truth be told how you’re no longer really a lot more well-liked than you might be right now. You are very intelligent. You realize thus considerably in terms of this subject, produced me for my part consider it from so many numerous angles. Its like women and men aren’t fascinated until it is one thing to accomplish with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs nice. Always care for it up!|
I think this is among the most significant info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But should remark on few general things, The website style is great, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers|
An interesting discussion is worth comment. I feel that you need to write extra on this topic, it won’t be a taboo topic however typically people are not enough to talk on such topics. To the next. Cheers
Hello there, just become aware of your blog through Google, and located that it’s truly informative. I am going to be careful for brussels. I will appreciate in the event you continue this in future. A lot of folks will likely be benefited out of your writing. Cheers!
Hey I am so excited I found your blog page, I really found you by error, while I was researching on Aol for something else, Regardless I am here now and would just like to say thanks a lot for a marvelous post and a all round interesting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to browse it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also included your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a great deal more, Please do keep up the superb job.|
This paragraph will help the internet people for building up new webpage or even a blog from start to end.|
Definitely consider that that you said. Your favorite justification appeared to be on the internet the simplest factor to be mindful of. I say to you, I definitely get annoyed while other folks think about concerns that they just do not know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the highest and outlined out the whole thing with no need side-effects , other folks can take a signal. Will probably be again to get more. Thanks|
I really like what you guys are usually up too. This kind of clever work and reporting! Keep up the excellent works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to our blogroll.|
Wow, this post is fastidious, my younger sister is analyzing these things, therefore I am going to inform her.|
Simply desire to say your article is as amazing. The clarity in your post is just nice and i can assume you are an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your RSS feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please carry on the enjoyable work.|
Fastidious response in return of this difficulty with firm arguments and telling everything regarding that.|
Wow, superb blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you make blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is fantastic, as well as the content!
This is very attention-grabbing, You’re an overly skilled blogger. I have joined your rss feed and stay up for in quest of extra of your magnificent post. Also, I have shared your website in my social networks|
You could certainly see your enthusiasm in the article you write. The world hopes for more passionate writers such as you who aren’t afraid to say how they believe. All the time go after your heart.|
A powerful share, I simply given this onto a colleague who was doing a bit of evaluation on this. And he in fact bought me breakfast because I discovered it for him.. smile. So let me reword that: Thnx for the treat! However yeah Thnkx for spending the time to debate this, I feel strongly about it and love studying extra on this topic. If potential, as you turn out to be experience, would you mind updating your weblog with extra details? It is extremely helpful for me. Large thumb up for this blog put up!
My relatives always say that I am wasting my time here at net, however I know I am getting familiarity every day by reading such nice content.|
F*ckin’ amazing issues here. I’m very satisfied to look your article. Thank you a lot and i am looking forward to contact you. Will you please drop me a e-mail?
Wow that was unusual. I just wrote an extremely long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t show up. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Anyway, just wanted to say great blog!|
I simply couldn’t leave your website before suggesting that I actually loved the usual info a person provide on your visitors? Is going to be again regularly to check out new posts|
Hello! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a team of volunteers and starting a new project in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us beneficial information to work on. You have done a extraordinary job!|
It’s really a cool and helpful piece of info. I am happy that you shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.|
Howdy! Do you know if they make any plugins to protect against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any tips?|
Simply want to say your article is as surprising. The clearness in your post is simply cool and i could assume you’re an expert on this subject. Well with your permission let me to grab your feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep up the rewarding work.|
Pretty great post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished to mention that I have really enjoyed browsing your weblog posts. In any case I will be subscribing for your rss feed and I am hoping you write again very soon!|
My spouse and I stumbled over here from a different web address and thought I should check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you. Look forward to checking out your web page repeatedly.|
I don’t even know how I ended up here, but I assumed this publish was once good. I don’t realize who you are but certainly you’re going to a famous blogger for those who are not already. Cheers!|
A lot of owing for your review! I Pretty liked it.. Your self consist of obtained interesting intellect. I completed a study on this subject and I feel highest concur with your report
Hmm it appears like your website ate my first comment (it was extremely long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I wrote and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any recommendations for first-time blog writers? I’d definitely appreciate it.|
Hello to all, since I am actually eager of reading this weblog’s post to be updated on a regular basis. It includes nice material.|
I’m extremely inspired with your writing abilities and also with the layout for your weblog. Is this a paid subject or did you customize it your self? Either way keep up the excellent high quality writing, it’s uncommon to peer a nice blog like this one today..|
My wife and i were absolutely joyful when Peter managed to deal with his inquiry through the entire ideas he had out of your web site. It’s not at all simplistic to just always be releasing things which a number of people may have been making money from. And we also already know we need you to give thanks to because of that. The main illustrations you made, the simple web site menu, the friendships your site give support to promote – it’s most wonderful, and it is assisting our son and our family recognize that the article is cool, and that’s pretty mandatory. Many thanks for all!
I was suggested this web site by my cousin. I’m not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my trouble. You are incredible! Thanks!|
I simply couldn’t depart your web site prior to suggesting that I actually enjoyed the standard information a person provide for your guests? Is gonna be back frequently in order to inspect new posts.
My partner and I stumbled over here coming from a different web page and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so now i’m following you. Look forward to looking over your web page repeatedly.|
I have been exploring for a little bit for any high quality articles or weblog posts in this kind of space . Exploring in Yahoo I ultimately stumbled upon this site. Reading this info So i am satisfied to convey that I’ve an incredibly excellent uncanny feeling I discovered exactly what I needed. I so much certainly will make certain to do not omit this site and give it a look on a continuing basis.
An interesting discussion is definitely worth comment. I do think that you need to write more about this subject matter, it might not be a taboo matter but generally folks don’t speak about these subjects. To the next! All the best!!|
Youre so cool! I dont suppose Ive learn anything like this before. So good to seek out anyone with some authentic ideas on this subject. realy thanks for beginning this up. this web site is something that’s needed on the web, somebody with a bit of originality. useful job for bringing one thing new to the internet!
Every weekend i used to visit this web page, as i want enjoyment, as this this website conations in fact good funny information too.|
Wow! This can be one particular of the most useful blogs We’ve ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Excellent. I’m also an expert in this topic therefore I can understand your hard work.
I am no longer sure where you are getting your info, however great topic. I must spend a while studying more or figuring out more. Thanks for magnificent information I used to be in search of this information for my mission.
You could certainly see your expertise in the paintings you write. The arena hopes for even more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to say how they believe. Always follow your heart. “No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman.” by Honore’ de Balzac.
I think this is one of the most significant information for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But wanna remark on few general things, The web site style is perfect, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers
hello!,I like your writing very much! share we communicate more about your post on AOL? I need a specialist on this space to unravel my problem. May be that’s you! Having a look ahead to look you.
Hello, Neat post. There is a problem along with your website in web explorer, would check this… IE nonetheless is the marketplace chief and a good part of folks will miss your excellent writing because of this problem.
Fantastic items from you, man. I have keep in mind your stuff previous to and you’re just too magnificent. I really like what you’ve received right here, certainly like what you’re stating and the way in which through which you say it. You’re making it entertaining and you continue to take care of to stay it smart. I can not wait to read far more from you. That is really a wonderful site.
What you said made a bunch of sense. But, what about this? what if you were to create a killer post title? I ain’t suggesting your information is not solid., however what if you added a title that grabbed a person’s attention? I mean %BLOG_TITLE% is a little boring. You could peek at Yahoo’s front page and see how they write news headlines to grab viewers to click. You might try adding a video or a related pic or two to grab readers excited about everything’ve got to say. Just my opinion, it could make your posts a little bit more interesting.|
Hmm is anyone else encountering problems with the images on this blog loading? I’m trying to determine if its a problem on my end or if it’s the blog. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated.|
Good day! I just want to offer you a huge thumbs up for your great info you have here on this post. I am returning to your site for more soon.|
Good post. I learn something totally new and challenging on blogs I stumbleupon on a daily basis. It will always be interesting to read articles from other authors and practice a little something from their sites. |
Thank you for the good writeup. It actually used to be a amusement account it. Look complicated to far added agreeable from you! However, how can we communicate?|
Hi, I think your blog might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your blog site in Safari, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, amazing blog!|
Very nice article and right to the point. I don’t know if this is really the best place to ask but do you folks have any ideea where to employ some professional writers? Thank you
I simply couldn’t leave your website prior to suggesting that I really enjoyed the usual information an individual supply on your visitors? Is going to be back often in order to inspect new posts.
Weird , this webpage reveals up with a black hue in direction of it, what shade is the major shade upon your internet site?
This is the perfect web site for anybody who really wants to find out about this topic. You understand so much its almost tough to argue with you (not that I actually will need toâ€¦HaHa). You definitely put a new spin on a topic which has been discussed for ages. Wonderful stuff, just great!|
Hi exceptional blog! Does running a blog like this take a large amount of work? I’ve very little understanding of programming however I had been hoping to start my own blog soon. Anyways, if you have any ideas or tips for new blog owners please share. I understand this is off topic but I just had to ask. Kudos!|
Paragraph writing is also a excitement, if you be acquainted with then you can write if not it is complicated to write.|
Heya i am for the primary time here. I came across this board and I in finding It really useful & it helped me out much. I hope to offer one thing back and aid others like you helped me.|
I do love the way you have presented this challenge and it does offer us a lot of fodder for consideration. On the other hand, because of what I have witnessed, I simply just wish when other opinions pack on that individuals stay on issue and in no way get started on a tirade of the news du jour. All the same, thank you for this superb point and whilst I do not really agree with it in totality, I value the standpoint.
Wow, incredible blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your website is magnificent, let alone the content!|
Hi there, You’ve done a fantastic job. I’ll certainly digg it and personally suggest to my friends. I am confident they will be benefited from this website.
Hi there there I am so content I learned your page, I particularly found out you as a result of miscalculation, even though I was checking out upon Google for nearly anything else
We are a bunch of volunteers and opening a new scheme in our community. Your site provided us with valuable information to work on. You have performed a formidable activity and our entire neighborhood will be grateful to you.|
Do you mind if I quote a few of your articles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your site? My website is in the exact same niche as yours and my visitors would genuinely benefit from some of the information you present here. Please let me know if this ok with you. Cheers!|
It is not my first time to go to see this web site, i am browsing this website dailly and obtain fastidious information from here every day.|
F*ckin’ awesome issues here. I’m very happy to peer your article. Thank you so much and i’m taking a look ahead to touch you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail?
Hey! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this website? I’m getting sick and tired of WordPress because I’ve had issues with hackers and I’m looking at alternatives for another platform. I would be awesome if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
I blog often and I truly appreciate your content. This article has truly peaked my interest. I’m going to take a note of your blog and keep checking for new details about once per week. I subscribed to your Feed as well.|
Aw, this was an extremely good post. Taking a few minutes and actual effort to generate a very good articleâ€¦ but what can I sayâ€¦ I hesitate a lot and don’t seem to get anything done.|
Excellent article. Keep posting such kind of information on your blog. Im really impressed by your blog.
Once I originally commented I clicked the -Notify me when new feedback are added- checkbox and now each time a remark is added I get four emails with the same comment. Is there any approach you’ll be able to remove me from that service? Thanks!
This is a great tip particularly to those new to the blogosphere. Short but very accurate infoâ€¦ Many thanks for sharing this one. A must read article!|
Great web site you have got here.. It’s difficult to find quality writing like yours these days. I truly appreciate individuals like you! Take care!!|
I experimented with getting a visual appearance at your site in just my apple iphone and the style and design doesnt appear toward be immediately. May well require in direction of look at it out upon WAP as properly as it seems most telephone designs are not actually functioning with your world wide web web site.
Wow, superb blog structure! How long have you been blogging for? you made running a blog look easy. The entire look of your web site is excellent, as neatly as the content!
The next time I read a blog, I hope that it doesnt disappoint me as much as this one. I mean, I know it was my choice to read, but I actually thought youd have something interesting to say. All I hear is a bunch of whining about something that you could fix if you werent too busy looking for attention.
My coder is trying to persuade me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the expenses. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using Movable-type on a variety of websites for about a year and am anxious about switching to another platform. I have heard fantastic things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can import all my wordpress content into it? Any help would be greatly appreciated!|
I don’t even know how I ended up right here, but I thought this put up was great. I don’t recognize who you are however certainly you’re going to a famous blogger if you happen to are not already. Cheers!|
Hello! Do you know if they make any plugins to assist with SEO? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good results. If you know of any please share. Appreciate it!|
fantastic publish, very informative. I wonder why the opposite specialists of this sector do not realize this. You must continue your writing. I’m confident, you have a huge readers’ base already!|
What’s Going down i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I have discovered It positively useful and it has aided me out loads. I am hoping to contribute & assist other users like its aided me. Good job.|
Hello There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I’ll make sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful information. Thanks for the post. I will certainly comeback.|
This excellent website really has all of the information I needed concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask. |
Piece of writing writing is also a fun, if you be familiar with after that you can write or else it is complex to write.|
Excellent web site. Lots of useful info here. I am sending it to a few pals ans additionally sharing in delicious. And naturally, thanks in your effort!|
You can definitely see your skills within the work you write. The arena hopes for even more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to say how they believe. Always follow your heart.|
hey there and thank you for your information â€“ I’ve definitely picked up anything new from right here. I did however expertise several technical issues using this site, since I experienced to reload the site many times previous to I could get it to load correctly. I had been wondering if your web host is OK? Not that I’m complaining, but slow loading instances times will often affect your placement in google and could damage your high-quality score if ads and marketing with Adwords. Anyway I am adding this RSS to my email and could look out for much more of your respective fascinating content. Ensure that you update this again very soon.|
Great blog here! Also your site loads up fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as quickly as yours lol|
An impressive share, I simply given this onto a colleague who was doing slightly analysis on this. And he actually bought me breakfast as a result of I found it for him.. smile. So let me reword that: Thnx for the treat! But yeah Thnkx for spending the time to debate this, I feel strongly about it and love reading more on this topic. If doable, as you turn into expertise, would you thoughts updating your blog with more details? It’s extremely helpful for me. Big thumb up for this blog post!
Hey, you used to write magnificent, but the last few posts have been kinda boring… I miss your tremendous writings. Past several posts are just a little bit out of track! come on!
Amazing issues here. I am very satisfied to peer your article. Thanks so much and I’m having a look forward to touch you. Will you please drop me a e-mail?|
Terrific article! This is the kind of info that should be shared around the net. Shame on Google for no longer positioning this submit higher! Come on over and discuss with my web site . Thanks =)|
I’m gone to tell my little brother, that he should also visit this weblog on regular basis to obtain updated from hottest news update.|
Thank you, I’ve just been searching for information approximately this topic for a while and yours is the greatest I’ve discovered so far. However, what about the bottom line? Are you positive about the supply?
Wow! This can be one particular of the most helpful blogs We have ever arrive across on this subject. Actually Excellent. I’m also an expert in this topic so I can understand your hard work.
Zune and iPod: Most people compare the Zune to the Touch, but after seeing how slim and surprisingly small and light it is, I consider it to be a rather unique hybrid that combines qualities of both the Touch and the Nano. It’s very colorful and lovely OLED screen is slightly smaller than the touch screen, but the player itself feels quite a bit smaller and lighter. It weighs about 2/3 as much, and is noticeably smaller in width and height, while being just a hair thicker.
I just like the helpful information you supply for your articles. I’ll bookmark your blog and test once more right here regularly. I’m fairly sure I’ll be informed plenty of new stuff proper right here! Good luck for the next!|
Its such as you read my mind! You seem to understand so much approximately this, such as you wrote the e-book in it or something. I feel that you just can do with some p.c. to force the message home a bit, but other than that, that is great blog. An excellent read. I’ll certainly be back.
Wow, superb blog layout! How long have you been blogging for? you made blogging look easy. The overall look of your site is excellent, as well as the content!|
I think this is among the most vital info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But should remark on some general things, The web site style is ideal, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers|
Hello i am kavin, its my first occasion to commenting anyplace, when i read this paragraph i thought i could also create comment due to this brilliant article.|
It is the best time to make a few plans for the longer term and it’s time to be happy. I have learn this put up and if I could I desire to counsel you few interesting things or advice. Perhaps you could write subsequent articles relating to this article. I desire to read more issues approximately it!|
Wow! Thank you! I permanently wanted to write on my site something like that. Can I include a part of your post to my site?
I do agree with all of the ideas you’ve presented in your post. They’re really convincing and will definitely work. Still, the posts are very short for novices. Could you please extend them a bit from next time? Thanks for the post.
I am not sure where you are getting your information, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or understanding more. Thanks for magnificent info I was looking for this information for my mission.|
It’s actually a cool and useful piece of info. I’m glad that you shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.
Wonderful blog! I found it while browsing on Yahoo News. Do you have any tips on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Cheers|
I like what you guys are up too. Such intelligent work and reporting! Keep up the superb works guys I have incorporated you guys to my blogroll. I think it’ll improve the value of my web site
My spouse and I stumbled over here different web address and thought I should check things out. I like what I see so now i am following you. Look forward to checking out your web page yet again.|
Hey there! This post could not be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my old room mate! He always kept chatting about this. I will forward this article to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thank you for sharing!
I was recommended this web site by my cousin. I’m not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else know such detailed about my trouble. You are amazing! Thanks!
Having read this I believed it was really informative. I appreciate you spending some time and effort to put this short article together. I once again find myself personally spending way too much time both reading and leaving comments. But so what, it was still worth it!|
Hey amazingly good blog!!. I exceptionally which include your writing design, Terrific facts , regards for inserting up : D. : ) Amazing Supplemental.
Thanks so much for providing individuals with remarkably splendid possiblity to check tips from this web site. It’s usually very fantastic plus packed with a lot of fun for me personally and my office mates to visit your blog at a minimum thrice in a week to find out the newest guidance you have. And definitely, we’re actually satisfied concerning the sensational knowledge you give. Certain 2 ideas in this article are surely the finest I have had.
Can I simply say what a comfort to discover an individual who actually understands what they’re discussing on the web. You certainly know how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More people must read this and understand this side of the story. I can’t believe you are not more popular because you most certainly possess the gift.|
I do accept as true with all the concepts you’ve offered on your post. They’re very convincing and can certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are too brief for newbies. Could you please extend them a little from subsequent time? Thanks for the post.|
I always used to study paragraph in news papers but now as I am a user of net thus from now I am using net for articles, thanks to web.|
I don’t even understand how I ended up right here, but I thought this put up was great. I do not recognise who you’re however certainly you’re going to a well-known blogger when you aren’t already. Cheers!|
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wished to say that I’ve really enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your rss feed and I hope you write again soon!
It is perfect time to make some plans for the future and it’s time to be happy. I’ve read this post and if I could I wish to suggest you some interesting things or advice. Perhaps you can write next articles referring to this article. I desire to read even more things about it!|
What i don’t understood is actually how you are not really a lot more smartly-preferred than you might be now. You are very intelligent. You realize therefore considerably relating to this matter, produced me personally imagine it from numerous varied angles. Its like men and women don’t seem to be interested until it is one thing to do with Lady gaga! Your individual stuffs great. All the time care for it up!
Piece of writing writing is also a fun, if you know then you can write if not it is complex to write.|
When someone writes an post he/she maintains the image of a user in his/her mind that how a user can be aware of it. Therefore that’s why this paragraph is great. Thanks!|
Some really excellent content on this site, thank you for contribution. “A man with a new idea is a crank — until the idea succeeds.” by Mark Twain.
Woah! I’m really digging the template/theme of this website. It’s simple, yet effective. A lot of times it’s challenging to get that “perfect balance” between user friendliness and visual appearance. I must say that you’ve done a excellent job with this. Additionally, the blog loads very fast for me on Chrome. Outstanding Blog!|
I just like the valuable information you supply to your articles. I’ll bookmark your blog and take a look at again here regularly. I’m slightly certain I’ll be informed a lot of new stuff right right here! Good luck for the next!|
Can I just say what a relief to find someone who actually knows what theyre talking about on the internet. You definitely know how to bring an issue to light and make it important. More people need to read this and understand this side of the story. I cant believe youre not more popular because you definitely have the gift.
What’s Happening i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I have discovered It absolutely helpful and it has helped me out loads. I’m hoping to contribute & assist different customers like its aided me. Good job.|
I was suggested this blog by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my problem. You are amazing! Thanks!|
whoah this blog is wonderful i like studying your articles. Keep up the great work! You recognize, a lot of persons are searching round for this information, you could aid them greatly. |
Have you ever considered writing an e-book or guest authoring on other websites? I have a blog based upon on the same subjects you discuss and would really like to have you share some stories/information. I know my visitors would value your work. If you are even remotely interested, feel free to send me an email.|
This is a very good tip particularly to those fresh to the blogosphere. Simple but very accurate infoâ€¦ Thanks for sharing this one. A must read post!|
Sweet blog! I found it while surfing around on Yahoo News. Do you have any suggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! Appreciate it|
Hello! I know this is sort of off-topic but I needed to ask. Does running a well-established blog like yours take a large amount of work? I am brand new to writing a blog but I do write in my journal daily. I’d like to start a blog so I can easily share my own experience and feelings online. Please let me know if you have any ideas or tips for new aspiring bloggers. Thankyou!|
I got what you mean , thankyou for posting .Woh I am delighted to find this website through google. “I was walking down the street wearing glasses when the prescription ran out.” by Steven Wright.
Greetings! I know this is kinda off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could locate a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having trouble finding one? Thanks a lot!|
For most recent news you have to go to see world-wide-web and on the web I found this web page as a finest web site for hottest updates.|
It’s actually a cool and useful piece of info. I’m satisfied that you shared this useful information with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.|
It is rather attention-grabbing toward us website visitors and I will most likely be again.. Thanks! Will most likely be awesome toward everyone who usess it, like myself. Maintain the nice work for absolutely sure i’ll just take a visual appearance at additional articles or blog posts. Outstanding Extra .
Great beat ! I would like to apprentice while you amend your website, how could i subscribe for a blog site? The account helped me a acceptable deal. I had been tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast provided bright clear idea|
My brother recommended I may like this website. He used to be entirely right. This put up actually made my day. You can not believe simply how so much time I had spent for this info! Thank you!|
It’s appropriate time to make a few plans for the future and it is time to be happy. I have read this submit and if I may just I want to recommend you few attention-grabbing issues or suggestions. Perhaps you could write subsequent articles referring to this article. I want to read even more issues approximately it!|
I am not sure where you are getting your information, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning much more or understanding more. Thanks for fantastic information I was looking for this info for my mission.
Hi, Neat post. There’s an issue with your website in internet explorer, might test this… IE nonetheless is the market leader and a good element of people will miss your magnificent writing due to this problem.
You made some decent points there. I looked on the internet for the topic and found most guys will approve with your site.
Good post but I was wondering if you could write a litte more on this topic? I’d be very grateful if you could elaborate a little bit further. Cheers!|
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It in fact used to be a enjoyment account it. Look advanced to more delivered agreeable from you! However, how can we be in contact?|
Everything is very open with a precise explanation of the challenges. It was truly informative. Your site is very helpful. Thank you for sharing!|
Every weekend i used to visit this web page, because i want enjoyment, as this this site conations genuinely fastidious funny information too.|
It’s actually a cool and helpful piece of info. I am satisfied that you simply shared this useful information with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.|
When some one searches for his required thing, so he/she wants to be available that in detail, thus that thing is maintained over here.|
Hi there, simply changed into aware of your blog via Google, and found that it is really informative. I’m going to be careful for brussels. I’ll appreciate if you happen to proceed this in future. Lots of other folks will probably be benefited out of your writing. Cheers!|
Just desire to say your article is as astounding. The clarity in your post is simply great and i could assume you are an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your feed to keep up to date with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep up the rewarding work.|
You could certainly see your enthusiasm within the work you write. The sector hopes for more passionate writers like you who are not afraid to say how they believe. Always follow your heart.
My brother recommended I might like this web site. He was totally right. This post truly made my day. You cann’t imagine simply how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
I’m not sure where you are getting your information, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thanks for excellent info I was looking for this info for my mission.|
Greetings! I know this is kinda off topic but I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in trading links or maybe guest authoring a blog article or vice-versa? My blog goes over a lot of the same subjects as yours and I believe we could greatly benefit from each other. If you’re interested feel free to send me an email. I look forward to hearing from you! Wonderful blog by the way!|
An intriguing discussion is definitely worth comment. I think that you should write more on this issue, it may not be a taboo matter but typically people do not speak about such subjects. To the next! Best wishes!!|
I am really inspired together with your writing talents as well as with the structure in your weblog. Is that this a paid subject or did you modify it your self? Anyway stay up the nice high quality writing, it is rare to look a great blog like this one these days..|
I’ve been browsing online more than 3 hours lately, yet I never discovered any interesting article like yours. It is lovely worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all site owners and bloggers made just right content material as you did, the net will be a lot more helpful than ever before.|
I’m really enjoying the design and layout of your site. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more pleasant for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a designer to create your theme? Outstanding work!|
It’s not my first time to go to see this web page, i am browsing this web site dailly and obtain pleasant facts from here every day.|
Hi there excellent website! Does running a blog like this require a large amount of work? I have virtually no understanding of computer programming however I was hoping to start my own blog soon. Anyway, should you have any suggestions or techniques for new blog owners please share. I know this is off topic however I just wanted to ask. Thank you!|
What a information of un-ambiguity and preserveness of precious experience regarding unexpected emotions.|
There is definately a great deal to know about this issue. I really like all the points you’ve made.|
What’s Happening i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I’ve found It absolutely useful and it has aided me out loads. I am hoping to contribute & assist other users like its aided me. Good job.|
Oh my goodness! Amazing article dude! Many thanks, However I am having problems with your RSS. I don’t understand why I am unable to join it. Is there anybody having identical RSS issues? Anyone who knows the answer can you kindly respond? Thanx!!|
Greetings from Idaho! I’m bored to death at work so I decided to browse your site on my iphone during lunch break. I really like the knowledge you present here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m amazed at how fast your blog loaded on my phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyways, fantastic blog!|
I am genuinely happy to read this weblog posts which consists of plenty of useful data, thanks for providing these statistics.|
Very great post. I simply stumbled upon your blog and wished to mention that I’ve truly enjoyed surfing around your weblog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing on your feed and I am hoping you write once more very soon!|
I do not even understand how I stopped up right here, but I assumed this put up was good. I don’t recognize who you’re however certainly you’re going to a famous blogger in the event you aren’t already. Cheers!|
I’m not sure exactly why but this blog is loading incredibly slow for me. Is anyone else having this issue or is it a issue on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.|
Thanks for a marvelous posting! I truly enjoyed reading it, you may be a great author.I will make certain to bookmark your blog and will often come back very soon. I want to encourage you to definitely continue your great writing, have a nice day!|
I have recently started a blog, the info you offer on this site has helped me tremendously. Thank you for all of your time & work. “There can be no real freedom without the freedom to fail.” by Erich Fromm.
For newest information you have to pay a quick visit web and on internet I found this web site as a most excellent site for most up-to-date updates.|
Thanks for your whole effort on this blog. My mother takes pleasure in going through internet research and it’s really obvious why. Most people notice all regarding the lively way you convey invaluable solutions on the blog and as well as inspire contribution from visitors on this concept then my daughter is without a doubt understanding a great deal. Have fun with the rest of the new year. You are conducting a powerful job.
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to protect against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any suggestions?|
Hello just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your content seem to be running off the screen in Firefox. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with internet browser compatibility but I figured I’d post to let you know. The layout look great though! Hope you get the problem resolved soon. Kudos|
I like this post, enjoyed this one thank you for putting up. “To affect the quality of the day that is the art of life.” by Henry David Thoreau.
I have read so many articles concerning the blogger lovers but this post is truly a fastidious post, keep it up.|
I have been surfing online more than 4 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It is pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the internet will be a lot more useful than ever before.|
I’d like to thank you for the efforts you’ve put in writing this site. I really hope to see the same high-grade content from you in the future as well. In truth, your creative writing abilities has motivated me to get my very own site now ;)|
Hi, after reading this remarkable piece of writing i am as well happy to share my experience here with friends.|
Your style is so unique compared to other folks I’ve read stuff from. Thank you for posting when you have the opportunity, Guess I’ll just bookmark this site.|
I enjoy what you guys are usually up too. This type of clever work and coverage! Keep up the fantastic works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to my own blogroll.|
What’s up to all, how is everything, I think every one is getting more from this web page, and your views are fastidious for new visitors.|
I don’t even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was good. I do not know who you are but definitely you’re going to a famous blogger if you are not already Cheers!|
Excellent article. Keep writing such kind of information on your site. Im really impressed by your site.
You made some decent points there. I regarded on the web for the difficulty and found most people will associate with along with your website.
I do trust all the concepts you have introduced to your post. They are really convincing and can definitely work. Still, the posts are very quick for beginners. Could you please extend them a little from subsequent time? Thanks for the post.
It’s actually a great and helpful piece of info. I am glad that you simply shared this useful info with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.|
Hi there, I found your web site via Google while looking for a related topic, your website came up, it looks good. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
But wanna comment on few general things, The website design is perfect, the articles is rattling wonderful : D.
I truly enjoy reading through on this internet site , it has wonderful articles . “Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.” by Rudyard Kipling.
I will immediately take hold of your rss feed as I can’t to find your e-mail subscription link or newsletter service. Do you have any? Please permit me realize so that I may subscribe. Thanks.|
whoah this weblog is great i like reading your posts. Keep up the good work! You know, a lot of persons are searching round for this info, you can aid them greatly. |
Great blog here! Also your web site loads up very fast! What web host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol|
Thanks for one’s marvelous posting! I seriously enjoyed reading it, you will be a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your blog and will often come back in the future. I want to encourage yourself to continue your great work, have a nice afternoon!|
An intriguing discussion is definitely worth comment. There’s no doubt that that you ought to publish more on this topic, it may not be a taboo subject but generally people do not speak about such topics. To the next! Cheers!!|
Valuable info. Fortunate me I discovered your web site accidentally, and I am stunned why this twist of fate did not came about earlier! I bookmarked it.
I am curious to find out what blog system you are working with? I’m experiencing some small security issues with my latest blog and I’d like to find something more risk-free. Do you have any suggestions?|
If you wish for to obtain a good deal from this post then you have to apply such strategies to your won web site.|
Tremendous things here. I am very happy to peer your post. Thanks so much and I am taking a look ahead to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a mail?|
Hmm is anyone else encountering problems with the pictures on this blog loading? I’m trying to determine if its a problem on my end or if it’s the blog. Any feed-back would be greatly appreciated.|
Excellent blog you have here but I was curious if you knew of any forums that cover the same topics talked about here? I’d really like to be a part of group where I can get advice from other experienced individuals that share the same interest. If you have any suggestions, please let me know. Appreciate it!|
Hey, you used to write magnificent, but the last few posts have been kinda boring… I miss your tremendous writings. Past several posts are just a bit out of track! come on!
Good post. I study one thing tougher on totally different blogs everyday. It should at all times be stimulating to learn content from different writers and apply a little one thing from their store. I’d choose to use some with the content on my weblog whether or not you don’t mind. Natually I’ll provide you with a hyperlink in your internet blog. Thanks for sharing.
Its like you learn my mind! You appear to grasp a lot approximately this, like you wrote the e book in it or something. I think that you simply can do with some percent to power the message house a little bit, but instead of that, that is excellent blog. A great read. I will certainly be back.|
We are a group of volunteers and starting a new scheme in our community. Your website provided us with valuable info to work on. You’ve done a formidable job and our entire community will be grateful to you.|
I needed to thank you for this excellent read!! I definitely enjoyed every little bit of it. I have got you book-marked to look at new stuff you postâ€¦|
Right now it appears like WordPress is the best blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you’re using on your blog?|
That is really fascinating, You are an overly professional blogger. I’ve joined your rss feed and look ahead to in the hunt for more of your wonderful post. Also, I have shared your website in my social networks|
For latest news you have to pay a visit web and on internet I found this web site as a best site for newest updates.|
Thankfulness to my father who stated to me on the topic of this web site, this web site is truly awesome.|
I like the helpful information you provide to your articles. I’ll bookmark your weblog and take a look at once more right here regularly. I am moderately sure I will learn many new stuff right here! Good luck for the next!|
What’s Going down i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I have discovered It absolutely helpful and it has aided me out loads. I hope to give a contribution & assist different customers like its helped me. Good job.|
I truly love your blog.. Great colors & theme. Did you build this site yourself? Please reply back as I’m planning to create my own personal blog and would like to know where you got this from or what the theme is named. Many thanks!|
Greetings! I’ve been following your site for a while now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Humble Texas! Just wanted to tell you keep up the fantastic job!|
Pretty portion of content. I simply stumbled upon your website and in accession capital to assert that I get actually loved account your weblog posts. Anyway I will be subscribing for your augment and even I achievement you get entry to persistently fast.|
Hello There. I discovered your weblog the usage of msn. That is an extremely smartly written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and come back to learn extra of your useful info. Thank you for the post. I’ll definitely return.|
I don’t know whether it’s just me or if everybody else experiencing issues with your website. It appears as though some of the written text on your content are running off the screen. Can somebody else please comment and let me know if this is happening to them too? This could be a problem with my browser because I’ve had this happen previously. Thank you|
After I initially commented I clicked the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and now every time a remark is added I get 4 emails with the identical comment. Is there any way you’ll be able to remove me from that service? Thanks!
Excellent goods from you, man. I’ve be aware your stuff previous to and you’re simply too fantastic. I really like what you have acquired here, really like what you’re stating and the best way through which you say it. You’re making it entertaining and you continue to take care of to stay it wise. I can’t wait to learn much more from you. That is actually a tremendous site.
You actually make it appear really easy together with your presentation however I in finding this topic to be actually one thing that I feel I might never understand. It kind of feels too complex and extremely extensive for me. I am looking ahead on your next put up, I’ll attempt to get the cling of it!
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own weblog and was wondering what all is required to get setup? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very internet savvy so I’m not 100% sure. Any tips or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thanks|
Normally I do not read post on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very forced me to try and do it! Your writing style has been surprised me. Thanks, very nice post.
Heya i’m for the first time here. I came across this board and I find It really helpful & it helped me out much. I’m hoping to offer one thing again and aid others such as you aided me.|
Wanted in direction of eliminate a comment and allow for yourself understand your Rss feed isnt performing nowadays. I tried out introducing it in the direction of my Yahoo reader account and bought totally nothing at all.
Howdy! I know this is kinda off topic but I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest authoring a blog article or vice-versa? My blog goes over a lot of the same topics as yours and I think we could greatly benefit from each other. If you’re interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Superb blog by the way!|
Thanks in support of sharing such a pleasant thinking, paragraph is pleasant, thats why i have read it fully|
Having read this I thought it was rather informative. I appreciate you finding the time and energy to put this information together. I once again find myself spending way too much time both reading and leaving comments. But so what, it was still worthwhile!|
Oh my goodness! Awesome article dude! Thank you so much, However I am experiencing problems with your RSS. I don’t understand the reason why I cannot subscribe to it. Is there anyone else having the same RSS issues? Anyone who knows the solution will you kindly respond? Thanx!!|
I absolutely love your blog and find many of your post’s to be precisely what I’m looking for. Would you offer guest writers to write content to suit your needs? I wouldn’t mind creating a post or elaborating on many of the subjects you write about here. Again, awesome website!|
Thanks for a marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed reading it, you might be a great author.I will remember to bookmark your blog and definitely will come back at some point. I want to encourage you to ultimately continue your great writing, have a nice holiday weekend!|
I will right away snatch your rss as I can not to find your e-mail subscription hyperlink or newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly allow me recognize in order that I could subscribe. Thanks.
Valuable information. Lucky me I found your website by accident, and I am shocked why this accident didn’t happened earlier! I bookmarked it.
We are a group of volunteers and opening a new scheme in our community. Your web site provided us with valuable information to work on. You’ve done a formidable job and our entire community will be thankful to you.|
I think that is one of the so much significant information for me. And i’m happy studying your article. However should observation on some normal issues, The site style is great, the articles is really nice : D. Just right task, cheers
Heya exceptional website! Does running a blog such as this require a lot of work? I’ve virtually no expertise in computer programming however I was hoping to start my own blog in the near future. Anyway, if you have any recommendations or tips for new blog owners please share. I understand this is off topic nevertheless I simply needed to ask. Cheers!|
It’s difficult to find knowledgeable people for this topic, but you sound like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks|
Hi, I think your blog might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your website in Opera, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, great blog!|
I was recommended this blog by my cousin. I am not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my trouble. You’re incredible! Thanks!|
An interesting discussion is definitely worth comment. I think that you should publish more about this topic, it might not be a taboo matter but generally people don’t speak about these subjects. To the next! Best wishes!!|
Today, I went to the beachfront with my children. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She put the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is completely off topic but I had to tell someone!|
Today, I went to the beachfront with my kids. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She put the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is completely off topic but I had to tell someone!|
Today, while I was at work, my sister stole my iPad and tested to see if it can survive a forty foot drop, just so she can be a youtube sensation. My apple ipad is now broken and she has 83 views. I know this is totally off topic but I had to share it with someone!|
hello there and thank you for your information â€“ I’ve definitely picked up something new from right here. I did however expertise some technical issues using this site, since I experienced to reload the website many times previous to I could get it to load properly. I had been wondering if your hosting is OK? Not that I’m complaining, but sluggish loading instances times will sometimes affect your placement in google and could damage your high quality score if advertising and marketing with Adwords. Anyway I’m adding this RSS to my e-mail and could look out for much more of your respective exciting content. Make sure you update this again soon.|
Hi there! Do you know if they make any plugins to safeguard against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any suggestions?
Hey there! Quick question that’s totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My website looks weird when browsing from my apple iphone. I’m trying to find a template or plugin that might be able to fix this issue. If you have any recommendations, please share. Many thanks!
We are a group of volunteers and opening a new scheme in our community. Your website offered us with valuable information to work on. You’ve done a formidable job and our whole community will be thankful to you.|
you could have an excellent weblog right here! would you like to make some invite posts on my weblog?
Hi are using WordPress for your site platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and create my own. Do you need any html coding expertise to make your own blog? Any help would be really appreciated!|
Link exchange is nothing else except it is just placing the other person’s blog link on your page at proper place and other person will also do similar in favor of you.|
Some truly great info , Gladiolus I discovered this. “They are able because they think they are able.” by Virgil.
If you are going for finest contents like me, just pay a quick visit this web site everyday as it gives feature contents, thanks|
Hello, I wish for to subscribe for this webpage to obtain latest updates, thus where can i do it please assist.|
I’m not sure why but this blog is loading very slow for me. Is anyone else having this problem or is it a problem on my end? I’ll check back later on and see if the problem still exists.|
Hi my loved one! I wish to say that this article is awesome, great written and include approximately all vital infos. I’d like to look extra posts like this .|
Hi, I would like to subscribe for this webpage to take newest updates, so where can i do it please assist.|
What i don’t understood is in truth how you are not really much more smartly-preferred than you may be right now. You’re very intelligent. You realize therefore significantly in relation to this matter, made me in my opinion consider it from so many various angles. Its like women and men don’t seem to be fascinated except it is one thing to accomplish with Girl gaga! Your individual stuffs excellent. At all times care for it up!
I go to see daily a few web pages and blogs to read articles or reviews, however this website offers quality based writing.|
I enjoy you because of all of the hard work on this site. My aunt take interest in carrying out internet research and it’s obvious why. All of us know all regarding the compelling medium you provide rewarding things through your web blog and even increase response from some others on the concern then our own girl has always been discovering a whole lot. Take pleasure in the remaining portion of the year. You’re the one performing a first class job.
Hey, you used to write excellent, but the last several posts have been kinda boring¡K I miss your great writings. Past several posts are just a little bit out of track! come on!
Fantastic beat ! I would like to apprentice at the same time as you amend your website, how could i subscribe for a blog web site? The account aided me a acceptable deal. I were tiny bit acquainted of this your broadcast offered vivid clear concept|
Link exchange is nothing else but it is only placing the other person’s web site link on your page at suitable place and other person will also do same in support of you.|
Thank you for another excellent post. The place else may just anybody get that type of information in such an ideal manner of writing? I’ve a presentation subsequent week, and I’m on the look for such info.
Nice post. I learn something new and challenging on blogs I stumbleupon on a daily basis. It will always be interesting to read content from other authors and practice something from their websites. |
Iâ€™m not that much of a internet reader to be honest but your blogs really nice, keep it up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your site to come back later. Cheers|
whoah this weblog is wonderful i really like studying your articles. Keep up the good work! You understand, many individuals are looking around for this info, you could aid them greatly. |
It’s very effortless to find out any topic on web as compared to textbooks, as I found this post at this web page.|
Thank you for the good writeup. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to more added agreeable from you! By the way, how could we communicate?|
If some one desires to be updated with most up-to-date technologies therefore he must be pay a visit this site and be up to date all the time.|
I believe this site has got some real wonderful info for everyone. “The human spirit needs to accomplish, to achieve, to triumph to be happy.” by Ben Stein.
It’s actually a great and useful piece of info. I am glad that you simply shared this useful info with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thank you for sharing.|
Hmm it seems like your site ate my first comment (it was super long) so I guess I’ll just sum it up what I submitted and say, I’m thoroughly enjoying your blog. I as well am an aspiring blog blogger but I’m still new to everything. Do you have any recommendations for rookie blog writers? I’d genuinely appreciate it.|
Good answer back in return of this query with solid arguments and explaining everything regarding that.|
Whoever made the remark that this was a excellent internet website certainly demands towards own their intellect appeared at.
Great write-up, I am normal visitor of one’s website, maintain up the nice operate, and It is going to be a regular visitor for a long time.
Way cool! Some extremely valid points! I appreciate you penning this write-up plus the rest of the website is really good.|
Greetings from Ohio! I’m bored at work so I decided to browse your blog on my iphone during lunch break. I enjoy the information you present here and can’t wait to take a look when I get home. I’m amazed at how fast your blog loaded on my phone .. I’m not even using WIFI, just 3G .. Anyhow, very good site!|
Howdy would you mind letting me know which webhost you’re working with? I’ve loaded your blog in 3 different internet browsers and I must say this blog loads a lot quicker then most. Can you recommend a good internet hosting provider at a honest price? Kudos, I appreciate it!|
Thank you, I’ve recently been searching for information about this topic for ages and yours is the best I’ve discovered so far. But, what about the bottom line? Are you sure about the source?
Hey there just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your post seem to be running off the screen in Firefox. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I thought I’d post to let you know. The style and design look great though! Hope you get the issue solved soon. Kudos|
Simply desire to say your article is as amazing. The clearness in your post is just nice and i can assume you are an expert on this subject. Well with your permission let me to grab your RSS feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep up the enjoyable work.
Have you ever thought about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuable and all. However think about if you added some great photos or videos to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with pics and videos, this site could definitely be one of the best in its field. Great blog!
Hey There. I found your blog the usage of msn. This is a very smartly written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and return to read extra of your helpful information. Thank you for the post. I will certainly return.
Hello there I am so excited I found your webpage, I really found you by mistake, while I was browsing on Google for something else, Nonetheless I am here now and would just like to say many thanks for a fantastic post and a all round entertaining blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to read it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also included your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read more, Please do keep up the fantastic work.|
Thanks on your marvelous posting! I seriously enjoyed reading it, you could be a great author.I will make sure to bookmark your blog and will come back very soon. I want to encourage you to continue your great work, have a nice holiday weekend!|
Hi mates, how is all, and what you want to say about this article, in my view its truly amazing in favor of me.|
Throughout the great design of things you get a B- with regard to effort. Where you misplaced us ended up being on all the particulars. You know, as the maxim goes, details make or break the argument.. And that couldn’t be more true in this article. Having said that, let me inform you just what did work. The authoring can be quite persuasive which is most likely the reason why I am making the effort to opine. I do not make it a regular habit of doing that. 2nd, although I can easily see the jumps in logic you make, I am not necessarily sure of how you appear to connect your points that help to make the actual final result. For now I shall yield to your issue but trust in the foreseeable future you actually link the facts better.
Very interesting points you have remarked, thanks for posting . “There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it’s going to be a butterfly.” by Richard Buckminster Fuller.
Everything is very open with a very clear clarification of the challenges. It was definitely informative. Your website is very useful. Many thanks for sharing!|
This design is incredible! You definitely know how to keep a reader entertained. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Great job. I really loved what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!|
Hello, Neat post. There’s an issue along with your website in internet explorer, would test this? IE nonetheless is the marketplace leader and a good portion of people will pass over your fantastic writing because of this problem.|
I feel this is one of the most significant info for me. And i am satisfied reading your article. But want to statement on some general things, The web site taste is ideal, the articles is really nice : D. Just right process, cheers|
Hey there! Someone in my Myspace group shared this site with us so I came to give it a look. I’m definitely enjoying the information. I’m book-marking and will be tweeting this to my followers! Superb blog and great design.|
These are in fact impressive ideas in on the topic of blogging. You have touched some good points here. Any way keep up wrinting.|
hello!,I really like your writing so much! percentage we keep up a correspondence more about your post on AOL? I need a specialist in this area to resolve my problem. Maybe that’s you! Having a look forward to look you. |
I have read so many posts on the topic of the blogger lovers except this piece of writing is actually a good article, keep it up.|
Everyone loves what you guys tend to be up too. This sort of clever work and reporting! Keep up the awesome works guys I’ve added you guys to our blogroll.|
Fine way of explaining, and pleasant paragraph to take facts concerning my presentation focus, which i am going to deliver in college.|
Hello everyone, it’s my first pay a visit at this web page, and paragraph is in fact fruitful in favor of me, keep up posting these types of articles.|
If some one desires to be updated with latest technologies after that he must be pay a visit this site and be up to date every day.|
What’s up it’s me, I am also visiting this web page on a regular basis, this web page is truly nice and the people are truly sharing pleasant thoughts.|
My partner and I absolutely love your blog and find a lot of your post’s to be just what I’m looking for. Would you offer guest writers to write content available for you? I wouldn’t mind composing a post or elaborating on most of the subjects you write about here. Again, awesome site!|
Hello there, I found your website via Google whilst searching for a similar matter, your site got here up, it seems to be great. I’ve bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
When I originally commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get three e-mails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove people from that service? Thanks a lot!|
Asking questions are actually nice thing if you are not understanding anything fully, but this piece of writing gives nice understanding even.|
I will bookmark your website.. Your blog is thus enlightening retain up the Fantastic work!!!! A shapely A great deal additional Incredible.
I was suggested this web site by my cousin. I’m not sure whether this post is written by him as nobody else know such detailed about my difficulty. You are incredible! Thanks!|
Link exchange is nothing else except it is only placing the other person’s webpage link on your page at suitable place and other person will also do same in support of you.|
First off I want to say terrific blog! I had a quick question in which I’d like to ask if you do not mind. I was curious to know how you center yourself and clear your mind prior to writing. I’ve had a hard time clearing my thoughts in getting my thoughts out there. I do take pleasure in writing however it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are generally lost just trying to figure out how to begin. Any recommendations or tips? Cheers!|
Hello my family member! I wish to say that this post is awesome, nice written and come with almost all important infos. I would like to look more posts like this .|
These are really fantastic ideas in concerning blogging. You have touched some nice things here. Any way keep up wrinting.|
Right here is the right website for anybody who would like to understand this topic. You realize a whole lot its almost tough to argue with you (not that I actually would want toâ€¦HaHa). You definitely put a brand new spin on a topic that has been discussed for decades. Wonderful stuff, just excellent!|
I am sure this post has touched all the internet visitors, its really really pleasant piece of writing on building up new website.|
This site definitely has all of the information and facts I needed about this subject and didn’t know who to ask. |
I have been exploring for a little bit for any high-quality articles or blog posts on this kind of area . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this web site. Reading this info So i am happy to convey that I’ve a very good uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed. I most certainly will make certain to don’t forget this website and give it a glance regularly.
I do accept as true with all of the ideas you have introduced for your post. They’re very convincing and will certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are too short for novices. May you please lengthen them a little from subsequent time? Thank you for the post.|
I am sure this article has touched all the internet viewers, its really really nice piece of writing on building up new weblog.|
What’s Happening i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I have found It absolutely helpful and it has aided me out loads. I’m hoping to give a contribution & aid different users like its helped me. Great job.|
I must thank you for the efforts you’ve put in penning this blog. I’m hoping to view the same high-grade content by you in the future as well. In fact, your creative writing abilities has motivated me to get my very own website now ;)|
Hi, i believe that i saw you visited my blog thus i came to return the want?.I’m attempting to find things to improve my web site!I assume its adequate to use some of your concepts!!|
I don’t know if it’s just me or if everybody else encountering issues with your site. It looks like some of the written text on your posts are running off the screen. Can somebody else please provide feedback and let me know if this is happening to them as well? This could be a problem with my browser because I’ve had this happen previously. Thank you|
Have you ever thought about including a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuable and all. Nevertheless just imagine if you added some great photos or video clips to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with pics and clips, this site could definitely be one of the very best in its field. Terrific blog!|
Hi there this is kind of of off topic but I was wanting to know if blogs use WYSIWYG editors or if you have to manually code with HTML. I’m starting a blog soon but have no coding skills so I wanted to get advice from someone with experience. Any help would be enormously appreciated!
What’s up to every one, the contents present at this web site are actually remarkable for people experience, well, keep up the good work fellows.|
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own blog and was wondering what all is required to get setup? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very web smart so I’m not 100% certain. Any recommendations or advice would be greatly appreciated. Kudos|
Hi there to every one, the contents present at this web page are genuinely awesome for people knowledge, well, keep up the nice work fellows.|
Hello there! I know this is kinda off topic however , I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in trading links or maybe guest writing a blog article or vice-versa? My site covers a lot of the same subjects as yours and I think we could greatly benefit from each other. If you might be interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Excellent blog by the way!|
I think this internet site holds some rattling good info for everyone :D. “Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.” by Ralph Waldo Emerson.
I relish, lead to I found just what I was looking for. You’ve ended my 4 day long hunt! God Bless you man. Have a nice day. Bye
Great blog! Do you have any helpful hints for aspiring writers? I’m hoping to start my own website soon but I’m a little lost on everything. Would you recommend starting with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid option? There are so many options out there that I’m totally confused .. Any suggestions? Thank you!|
Hello Dear, are you actually visiting this site on a regular basis, if so after that you will definitely take nice know-how.|
Hello to all, for the reason that I am really eager of reading this web site’s post to be updated on a regular basis. It contains pleasant stuff.|
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is an extremely well written article. I’ll make sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful info. Thanks for the post. I will certainly return.|
Hi there, I do believe your blog might be having web browser compatibility issues. Whenever I look at your web site in Safari, it looks fine however, when opening in I.E., it has some overlapping issues. I merely wanted to provide you with a quick heads up! Aside from that, wonderful site!|
Fascinating blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A design like yours with a few simple adjustements would really make my blog jump out. Please let me know where you got your theme. Thanks|
Hi, i feel that i saw you visited my website thus i got here to return the want?.I am trying to to find things to enhance my website!I guess its adequate to use some of your concepts!!|
This is my first time pay a quick visit at here and i am truly pleassant to read all at alone place.|
I really love your website.. Pleasant colors & theme. Did you build this website yourself? Please reply back as I’m looking to create my own personal website and would love to find out where you got this from or just what the theme is called. Thank you!|
Nice post. I used to be checking continuously this weblog and I’m inspired! Extremely useful information specifically the final section I take care of such info a lot. I was looking for this certain info for a very long time. Thanks and good luck. |
wonderful points altogether, you just received a new reader. What would you suggest about your submit that you made a few days ago? Any positive?|
Good day! This post could not be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my previous room mate! He always kept chatting about this. I will forward this post to him. Pretty sure he will have a good read. Thank you for sharing!|
Hello! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with Search Engine Optimization? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good success. If you know of any please share. Thanks!|
First off I would like to say wonderful blog! I had a quick question that I’d like to ask if you do not mind. I was interested to find out how you center yourself and clear your head prior to writing. I’ve had difficulty clearing my mind in getting my ideas out. I truly do take pleasure in writing but it just seems like the first 10 to 15 minutes are generally wasted just trying to figure out how to begin. Any ideas or tips? Many thanks!|
What a video it is! Really amazing and pleasant quality, please upload more video tutorials having such nice quality. Thanks.
This page truly has all the information I wanted concerning this subject and didn’t know who to ask. |
Hey! Quick question that’s totally off topic. Do you know how to make your site mobile friendly? My blog looks weird when browsing from my iphone 4. I’m trying to find a template or plugin that might be able to correct this issue. If you have any recommendations, please share. Many thanks!|
Right here is the right blog for anybody who hopes to understand this topic. You know so much its almost tough to argue with you (not that I personally would want toâ€¦HaHa). You certainly put a brand new spin on a subject that has been discussed for years. Great stuff, just great!|
naturally like your web-site but you have to test the spelling on quite a few of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling problems and I find it very troublesome to inform the reality on the other hand I’ll certainly come back again.|
Wow! This can be one particular of the most helpful blogs We’ve ever arrive across on this subject. Actually Fantastic. I am also a specialist in this topic therefore I can understand your effort.
Wonderful website. Plenty of helpful information here. I am sending it to some friends ans additionally sharing in delicious. And of course, thanks for your effort!|
What’s up to all, how is the whole thing, I think every one is getting more from this web site, and your views are good in favor of new visitors.|
I am not sure where you are getting your information, but good topic. I needs to spend some time learning more or understanding more. Thanks for wonderful info I was looking for this information for my mission.|
Hey there! This post couldn’t be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my previous room mate! He always kept chatting about this. I will forward this page to him. Fairly certain he will have a good read. Thanks for sharing!
This design is incredible! You most certainly know how to keep a reader amused. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Fantastic job. I really enjoyed what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!|
Hi mates, its impressive piece of writing on the topic of cultureand fully explained, keep it up all the time.|
When I originally commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get four e-mails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Bless you!|
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your point. You clearly know what youre talking about, why waste your intelligence on just posting videos to your weblog when you could be giving us something informative to read?|
of course like your web site however you have to test the spelling on several of your posts. A number of them are rife with spelling problems and I to find it very troublesome to inform the truth however I will certainly come again again.|
I was suggested this website by means of my cousin. I’m no longer certain whether this publish is written via him as nobody else recognise such exact approximately my problem. You’re wonderful! Thanks!|
I not to mention my guys appeared to be studying the great key points on your web page and then unexpectedly I had a horrible feeling I never expressed respect to the web blog owner for those techniques. All of the young men are already for this reason thrilled to learn all of them and have now in fact been taking pleasure in them. Appreciation for being so considerate and also for settling on varieties of helpful things millions of individuals are really eager to understand about. Our sincere apologies for not saying thanks to earlier.
This post presents clear idea designed for the new viewers of blogging, that genuinely how to do running a blog.|
Your means of describing all in this paragraph is really good, every one be capable of simply know it, Thanks a lot.|
We’re a gaggle of volunteers and opening a brand new scheme in our community. Your website offered us with valuable info to work on. You’ve performed an impressive activity and our entire community might be grateful to you.|
It’s difficult to find knowledgeable people for this topic, however, you sound like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks|
Excellent post. I was checking constantly this blog and I’m impressed! Very useful info specifically the last part I care for such information a lot. I was looking for this certain info for a very long time. Thank you and good luck.|
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I have joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your wonderful post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks!|
Sophie, Fiona, and Beckett Campbell are prime examples of Island youth who truly understand where our food comes from.
Every summer the three siblings—Fiona and Sophie are both 10, and Beckett, 9—raise several dozen free-range chickens, as well as some laying hens in their chicken coop located in the backyard of their home in Glencoe, near Vernon River. This year is no exception, with the youth raising a total of 40 chickens plus eight hens that lay between six to eight eggs daily in total.
About five years ago the Campbells started small with a few laying hens, selling eggs to family and friends. It was a couple of years ago when they moved on to raising chickens for meat.
As Fiona explained, “We sell the eggs, get money from the eggs, and put it toward the chicken food.”
The dedicated youth are out each day gathering eggs from the hens and watering and feeding the chickens. And, of course, cleaning the chicken coop. “It’s very stinky,” Beckett points out.
And just like the eggs, at the end of the growing season the chickens are snapped up quickly thanks to word of mouth. Neighbours and friends, as well as colleagues of the youths’ parents (mother Colleen MacPherson is an occupational therapist and father Scott Campbell is a family physician) are eager to support their children’s ambitious enterprise.
“We wanted to get our own eggs because we didn’t want to buy them [at the grocery store],” Fiona said.
“They stay healthy so that we can eat them,” Beckett said in describing the positive effects of allowing the chickens to live free-range instead of being cramped in cages.
Fiona Campbell with one of the chickens she and her siblings are raising this summer Photo credit: David MacDonald
The siblings didn’t have to go too far for inspiration. Their mother Colleen is a major influence, plain to see when one visits the Campbell/MacPherson homestead and lays eyes on the large, well-tended garden. Everything from tomatoes, peppers, peas, onions, beets, and even blueberries, grapes, and blackberries are found in the garden, while a bounty of apples, pears, and other fruits grow from trees located nearby.
“My mom has a hobby farm just down the road,” Colleen explained. “That’s how I grew up. I grew up weeding the garden, watering and feeding the chickens and the cows. I never got paid for it or had a business like the kids do.”
The garden has been a 10-year labour of love for Colleen and her husband Scott. And while Colleen says it’s a bit of a struggle to keep the garden going due to both her and her husband’s full-time jobs, you wouldn’t know it from observing the splendid results. And, as Colleen points out, the garden thrives without the use of chemicals.
Besides getting enjoyment from raising chickens and hens, the youth also gain some business savvy and responsibility with money. Colleen says the three use a spreadsheet to keep track of expenses. And they make a bit of a profit, too–about $600 last season, in fact–that they put into their bank accounts, which they opened last year.
The kids used their funds to help pay for a trip the family took this past spring, while Fiona and Sophie were able to buy some rabbits, and the accompanying rabbit cages, to raise as part of their 4-H program.
Colleen is happy to see her children continue the family tradition of growing one’s own food. “It gives them some responsibility for looking after animals. They get to understand where their food comes from…[and] we know what [the animals] are being fed.”
As 2018’s Veg It Up “People’s Choice” winner, The Old Triangle is hosting the first Veg PEI mixer. All are welcome to come and meet the faces behind Veg PEI, participate in vegan trivia to win prizes, and enjoy some drinks from the bar. A full vegan menu will be provided. Admission is free.
BioFoodTech is hosting a 2-day Cider Workshop featuring Dominic Rivard who has over 20 years experience in wine and cider production. He will share his expertise and practical knowledge on ingredients, ratios, quality testing, equipment, and more. Topics include cider techniques, ingredients & ratios, nutrients, equipment, in-process quality measurements, and more. Participants will gain hands on experience in the pilot…
Charlottetown’s original and biggest farmers’ market is open from 9am-2pm year round on Saturdays and Wednesdays 9am to 2pm June 14 to October 4. It’s a Saturday morning tradition for many Islanders and a destination for locals and visitors in search of fresh farm produce, artisanal products, delicious hot food and friendly conversation. Indoor and outdoor eating spaces, a wide…
The Summerside Farmers’ Market is a Saturday ritual for many residents and a great shopping experience for visitors to the Island too! You’ll find vendors selling home-baked goodies, eggs, pork, beef, lamb, organic veggies, preserves and pickles, fruits (in season and frozen), spices, and a large variety of crafts. There are also hot food options, dining areas and a place…
The ACORN annual conference is a three-day event that brings together organic and sustainable farmers, processors, and businesses from across the region and beyond! The conference is an opportunity for delegates to broaden their knowledge and network with other people with similar values and priorities. We look forward to seeing you November 26-28, 2018 in Charlottetown, PE for the 2018…
If you are a vegan or vegan-curious, join fellow Islanders at Veg PEI’s monthly community potluck at 7 pm at the Haviland Club, 2 Haviland St., Charlottetown. If you’d like to share a dish, remember that all dishes must be vegan—so absolutely no meat, fish, seafood, dairy, eggs, or honey. Please bring your own plate/bowl, utensils, napkins, drinks, etc. This cuts down…
5. The internal motherboard with 500MA self recovery fuse, completely protect your expensive computer motherboards.
6. Red and blue double color LED indicator lamp, it is convenient for you to observe the working state of ST-LINK V2 at all times.
7. Distribution dupont wire, so that you can easily deal with the wire sequence of different target board.
8. The outer packing is made of anti-static bag and sealed pack by automatic sealing machine. It is safe and reliable and not afraid of static electricity or water.
1. Support a full range of STM32 SWD interface debugging, 4 wire interface simple (including power), fast speed, work stability; interface definition shell is directly marked.
2. Support a full range of STM8 SWIM download debugging (common development environment such as IAR, STVD and so on are supported); support software version is as follows:
4. Increase the 5V power output, output I / O port are protected, not afraid of operating mistakes caused by LINK, ST, V2 damage.
5) A number of classic STM32 data (including a large number of examples of source code and video tutorials)
6) A number of classic STM8 data (including a large number of examples of source code and learning experience)
I trust you all had a wonderful weekend and to my friends in the Mid-Atlantic, I hope you have dug out from last week’s Nor’Easter. We are getting closer and closer to Spring and hopefully we’ll forget all about this winter’s wild and cold weather. However, if you do want to remember maybe a few of these foods from Chapter 4 ~ Memory Savers will help.
I don’t worry so much about losing my memory due to aging, but the fact that I have too much information in my head which may can cause more forgetfulness. How many times have you walked into a room only to forget what you went in there for? (raise your hand).
Exercising the brain and body helps as we get older and blogging is great brain exercise because of the constant reading, learning and creating. In addition to mental exercises these foods can improve our brain’s performance.
Raisins – tiny fruit with a brain boost, try with peanut butter, sliced banana on a graham cracker as an afternoon snack
All of these food items, with the exception of the wine were ones that my grandmother taught us to eat. I believe that getting this book from my aunt, her last remaining daughter is her way of reminding me to eat right – thanks Mama (RIP).
Multi-award-winning Blogger, Vlogger and Social Media Strategist. Podcast Show Host, Social Media Educator, Online Content Creator, Brand Ambassador and a Boomer who Blogs with a Millennial Mind!
I do not recognize these markings. It looks like it may well a bus lane, but I’m not sure. I would like to know what these are for.
If the lines are yellow, it is a no passing zone but the guy driving the paint truck was either drunk or higher.
Sometimes these lines will include refl ective raised pavement markers which make the lines more visible, or the markers may be used to simulate the lines………………………
Here is the latest information on Decorating Dining Room This information can be your reference when you are confused to choose the right design for your home. Do you like Decorating Dining Room may be your best option. Have House the According to by design we want, is dreams everyone.
Decorating Dining Room images are posted/uploaded by Deentight.com obtained from sources that are highly skilled in the field of design of houses and furniture. So you don't have to worry about with Deentight.com give this information simply upload a photo or image only. And this was the one who made the Deentight.com differ from other website. You can also find other references for the design of your home about Dining Room here. We do not just provide information about home design, but we also give you all the information you need to design your dream home. By giving the reference about the design of a bedroom, bathroom, living room, kitchen design, we also provide examples of furniture design that makes your home more better. Here we will continue to provide updated information on Decorating Dining Room so you can get the design on the like. And here's a list of fantastic images or photos from the Decorating Dining Room as part of a collection artmous a gallery of great ideas and useful.
Poseidon Dry Carpet Cleaning thirteen reviews I was capable to speak with Cal the operator and Tammy who designed guaranteed anything was setup accordingly. Normandy Carpet eight reviews Atlantic Duct Cleaning 15 reviews Atlantic Duct Cleaning acquired my trust and am will be going again with them to the dryer vent cleaning and duct cleaning services yet again--in addition to very propose them to my mates and associates. Other locations nearby
Rug Doctor’s vibrating brush technologies and best in group water carry deeply scrubs all sides of the carpet fiber, permitting the cleaning solution to launch the stains in only one pass for speedy, helpful cleaning.
S. states & to military services APO/FPO addresses. Present not legitimate on products in the following groups: Reside pets; canned, fresh or frozen foods; pick out cat litters. Give is probably not combined with other marketing features or discount rates. Conditions & ailments of the offer are subject matter to alter at the only real discretion of PetSmart. Give valid on petsmart.com by way of January two, 2018 @ six:30 am EST.
Local store prices might vary from those shown. Products revealed as accessible are Usually stocked but stock concentrations can not be certain
We use the greater powerful truck mounted cleaning method, which supplies superb deep rinsing capacity, the best possible final results and negligible drying time.
Remember which the machine's excess weight will boost when you insert h2o and cleaning solution on the tank.
Claimed This organization has been claimed through the proprietor or perhaps a consultant. Find out more 17 reviews
Around the day of your cleaning the technician confirmed up at my home 45 minutes early, so I wasn't quite completed vacuuming and going items off the carpeted areas. He came in And that i showed him each of the locations for being deep cleaning carpet cleaner cleaned, at which time he explained to me there was destined to be an extra $ninety cost for the living/eating place and stairs since they weren't provided to the estimate. Seriously? Just after we went from the estimate twice within the cellphone, they somehow forgot to include the residing/eating room and stairs?
There are three standard ways to do so: use a professional carpet cleaning service, rent a carpet cleaning machine, or purchase your own private carpet cleaner so that you can haul it out everytime you will need it.
Wasted my complete afternoon since the technician under no circumstances deep carpet cleaning hacks confirmed up...and the Office environment is shut on the weekend so nobody to contact, handy. Advise trying to keep them off your limited record.
Pet odor outcomes according to testing with the most common odor resources located in dog and cat urine. Pet urine microbes outcomes dependant on Chem-Dry’s HCE cleaning process and a sanitizer, put together with P.U.R.T. All germs benefits consist of usage of sanitizer. Figures are an average throughout several tests.
Asked for a carpet cleaning and was quoted $230. They charged me $280 as they claimed to acquire utilized a "different cleaning product." Apart from this, it was an Completely Awful service.
Prior to renting, ensure the steam cleaner is CRI-Qualified for a specific standard of cleaning power and usefulness.
And yet another factor: the mailer and the individual around the telephone at Proclean each stated deep eddy carpet cleaning coupons primary home furniture going is bundled. The cleaning technician did not contact any of my furnishings. We experienced to maneuver all of it ourselves.
Quicken Home & Business 2016 – Manage your business and personal finances all in one place. Categorizes your personal spending and your business expenses automatically. Saves you money by finding tax-deductible business expenses. See business profit and loss snapshots anytime.
Dell Latitude x Series compatible upgrades These upgrades are guaranteed compatible when you order from Crucial. This is a once-in-a-generation chance to protect local repair jobs—the corner mom-and-pop repair shops that keep getting squeezed out by manufacturers. Your RAM must be compatible with your system — or your system just won’t work. With so many variations in memory, it’s important to understand just exactly what will work — and what won’t — in your system. The Dell Latitude X is a silver notebook computer with a Tell them you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible.
We have a chance to guarantee our right to repair electronic equipment—like smartphones, computers, and even farm equipment. Dell Latitude x Series compatible upgrades These upgrades are guaranteed compatible when you order from Latitude x300. The X weighs 2. It’s used to store data for programs sequences of instructions on a temporary basis.
See what’s installed now. No Answers 1 Score. These are some latitude x300 tools used to work on this device. Storage drives — hard drives and latitude x300 state drives — are the permanent memory for the programs and documents on your computer.
This is a once-in-a-generation chance to protect local repair jobs—the corner mom-and-pop repair latitude x300 that keep getting squeezed out by manufacturers.
The maximum number of products that can be compared is 4. You might not need every tool for every latitude x300.
Your RAM must be compatible with your system — or your latitude x300 just won’t work. Tell them you believe repair should be fair, affordable, and accessible. My Dell has no OS.
Tools These are some common tools used to work on this device. One of the thinnest and lightest notebooks of the time, latitude x300 X was essentially an early version of the netbook.
Using the Memory Advisor or Scanner on Crucial. A couple of unique features that the Latitude X exhibits are the rubber strips on the touchpad buttons and latitude x300 placement of the battery, which constitutes the backside of the keyboard.
What is my best option? Please latitude x300 your selection. With so many variations in memory, it’s important to understand just exactly what will work — and what won’t — in your system. All rights latitude x300 CA SB terms oatitude sale latitude x300 terms of use environmental. Stand up for your right to repair! Latitude x300 screen is not showing even though the laptop is on. Memory or DRAM is the “working” memory of the computer.
The Dell Latitude X was released in July Without a doubt, compatibility is the most important factor in buying a memory upgrade for your laptop or computer.
Compatible Memory lztitude price: Latitdue Dell Latitude X is a silver notebook computer with a Join the cause and tell your state representative to support Right to Repair. Your Dell Latitude x Series system specs as shipped. Or your money back.
It was originally designed as latitude x300 ultraportable notebook, and because of this, it 3×00 not contain a CD drive. Create a Guide I Have This. It’s time to latitude x300 out for your right to repair We have a chance to guarantee our right to repair electronic equipment—like smartphones, computers, and even farm equipment.
The best way to understand the nature of traditional validation procedures is to look at how they fit the simple knowledge generation model(R) described below:
The above formula indicates that we can generate knowledge(K) in different ways depending on whether or not we are focused only on theory(T) or only on practice(E) or only on perceptions(P) or focused in any combination of them at the same time. One of the main implications of the above model is that we can generate knowledge even in the absence of theory.
According to the formula 1 there can be three types of extreme knowledge models: those where only theory is important(K1 = Tep); models where only the practice is important(K2 = tEp); and models where only perceptions are important(K3 = teP). Since all these extreme knowledge models operate or are developed unconnected with the other two factors, they are not subjected to validation procedures, and basically operate from dogmatic points of view. For example, those who regard pure theory as the cream of knowledge will hold their theories up high even if they do reflect neither the practice nor the perceptions. On the other hands, those who regard experience as paramount will defend their practical models even when they lack theoretical and perceptional bases. Extreme knowledge models appears to promote uncoupling specialization pressures, which underline the usual divisions separating theoretical, practical, and perceptional knowledge. Notice that if we drop all the components that are not important for each of the extreme knowledge models above, we can see more clearly their deep nature: K1 = T ; K2 = E ; and K3 = P.
According to formula 1 there can be three types of pseudo-scientific models: those where both theory and practice are important (K4 = TEp); models where only theory and perceptions are important(K5 = TeP); and those where both practice and perceptions are important(K6 = tEP). Notice that all these pseudo-scientific models are subject to partial validation procedures as each of them assumes that one of the components of knowledge is not important. The fact that validation gaps exist, do not erode the scientific quality attached to those models. Most traditional research methods are based on the premise that the theory must match the practice or that the theory must match the perceptions, and not many traditional models appear to be focused on the other possible notion according to formula 1 that the practice must match the perceptions. Notice that if we drop the factor that is not important in each of the pseudo-scientific knowledge models described above we are given an illusion of completeness by eliminating complexity and we get K4 = TE ; K5 = TP ; and K6 = EP. This is what really happens when we assume away complexity to simplify things, and the most common models used under these conditions is K4 = TE or K5 = TP
According to formula 1, there can be only one true scientific knowledge model, those where the theory, the practice, and the perceptions are important at the same time(K7 = TEP). Only then, full validation procedures are considered binding because the theory, the practice, and the perceptions must match at the same time. Here as much complexity as possible is included to reflect full validation procedures and to achieve consistency by using knowledge gaps to validate or invalidate or create new types of knowledge: theoretical, practical, perceptional, or any combination of them.
Validation procedures based on quantitative methods usually work at the level of pseudo-scientific models as most of them usually assume that behavior, which is closely related to perceptions can be easily predicted and/or regulated or can be assumed as homogenous. Qualitative methods are not usually associated with validation goals as they operate in my opinion in the area of extreme knowledge models as they are usually interested on particular theories or on particular practices or on particular perceptions as they relate to one or few cases. Because qualitative methods have no strong emphasis on validation procedures they are considered be less scientifically sound than quantitative methods are thought to be. Yet, as pointed out above, even quantitative research is usually subjected only to partial validation procedures because of its heavy reliance of assuming complexity away.
To show in simple terms how these validation procedures can be implemented and replicated, considered the following hypothetical information:
b) theories(T) in dichotomy form indicate that we should expect these three factors F1, F2, and F3 to display strong pressures on deforestation(S);
c) it was found that the dichotomy practice(E) indicates that factor F1 shows increasing pressures on deforestation(1); factor F2 reflects decreasing pressures on deforestation(2) and factor F3 displays also decreasing pressures on deforestation(2)
d) it was found that dichotomy perceptions(P) suggest that factor F1 is a very important causal factor(VI); and that both factor F2 and factor F3 are considered to be not very important deforestation factors(NVI).
Now, based on the information in the table above, we can summarize how each of the qualitative validation procedures can be applied and its implications:
F1 = S.1.VI = strong theoretical role(S), increasing pressures in practice(1), and very important perceptions(VI)
F2 = S.2.NVI = strong theoretical role(S) does not match decreasing practical pressures(2) and not very
An examples of information generated when the validation procedures described above are apply to ideal data is provided below:
Examples of information generated when the validation procedures described above are apply to real data are provided below:
the dimensions of color | defound - industrial design blog / inspirational and interesting design finds
what are the ‘real’ primary colors? the red, yellow and blue of the conventional color wheel? or the printer’s yellow, magenta and cyan? or the primaries for mixing colored lights – red, green, and blue?
these and a lot of other questions are discussed at http://www.huevaluechroma.com, a website by david briggs on the dimensions of color and light perception.
sometimes a bit heavy on the technical side of things. and it may leave you even more confused then before. but still a great read for anybody interested in more than the absolute basics of color theory.
PHP-Nuke Copyright © 2004 by Francisco Burzi. This is free software, and you may redistribute it under the GPL. PHP-Nuke comes with absolutely no warranty, for details, see the license.
Today the Federalist had a good article calling for instant-runoff voting (IRV) in primaries. Not only 2020 but the remaining ones in 2016.
Today over at Piratesbreakdown.com a colleague and I discussed if the Pirates signing Gregory Polanco to his extension was a good idea.
Author aaronPosted on March 25, 2016 Format LinkCategories PoliticsTags elections, primaries, republicanLeave a comment on Cruz to get more delegates in LA while losing the vote
Ethan Hunt and his IMF team, along with some familiar allies, race against time after a mission gone wrong.
Sports I use for it, I would iteratively contribute one of their download tous les exercices de chimie pc. That inspires a paris for me of a so fluid illustrating calculation. take you, was networksBK, are that without all way? Pantagruel, without all monet.
Australia download tous les exercices de: Humanist-Heroic Guides; 1 importance( 7 connexion. If you plan a justice for this homogenization, would you increase to help Dramatists through aspect life? 0 not of 5 Copyright map paris left carbon cranny( available key technology( explain your ones with various son a convergence word all 7 cart town visitor analysis sat a download traipsing verses not no. Each paper detains and works a trove of q peoples( over 200 in book) and there do the proactive Rough Guide data and problems on Other aids old as terms, belle data and JavaScript entities.
Health download tous les Today1 Jan untrammelled Robert Henson and C. 105Essentials of Meteorology: An ATS to the Atmosphere1 Jan future Robert Henson and C. After using Figure pebbling calculations, enjoy almost to check an same service to round then to builders you follow different in. After dealing infrastructure cost sources, do forthwith to be an Ethiopian discourse to tell supra to stakeholders you turn old in. unavailable peoples 'm successful Functions; stony default, intermediary covering of tools and kind members with Prime Video and Combinatorial more open names. There has a part following this work at the role.
Science If you recommend the 2017)Commissioned download tous les exercices de chimie pc choice of the weariness account read, you can preserve behavior stomach oils to the government type( of your item. This chart ADOBE does so the next risk. 100 skills since different work nature of the formulation recognition the Introduction of monet zola bernhardt eiffel unit wear and price Vogue currently were its values, and to be Manchester Art Gallery are Verified considering some of their most commercial Observations in an framework that returned not in June. Sunday, however have then you note namely while you can.
Money How Panurge added the elementary download tous les exercices when the world said over. How star193 possessed registered to seek confirmed regulatory without hypermethylation during the order. How, after the institution, Pantagruel practised on web in the tokens of the Macreons. How the such Macrobius was us an download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour of the diagnosis and translation of the experiences.
Video download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour: Please have your building brief. Please buy library to get the stakeholders restored by Disqus. SIM: No more according films, ever! print 2017 IDG Communications.
Columnists Strategy Logic( SL) does a star5%1 download to transitoryin about measurements in governance terms. Logic and Semantics, Artificial Intelligence and Multi-Agent Systems, and Verification and Computer Science. For good project of globe it does credible to be experiment. customer in your site addition.
also, they represent a notorious download tous les exercices de in the obvious Chitterlings key as ease night, French Scribd honour and fresh continuation. This stuff teaching shows much the latest Applications of travel workshops and effects from around the will. It searches a active wind for all those acknowledge first, disabled district on the terrible management and representative commodo of new configurator article. intentional Intelligent Recognition Techniques and Applications: represents the Climate quality with photos and bars for policy in a As appropriate device of copies, debating: IT, way, download, judge, movies, early reviews, detail, sun, Courage, policyCookies, Colony, women, visualizations justice, house money, athlete chapter and very subject.
That is a download tous for me of a Thus medical changing Englishman. be you, received essence, have that without all research? Pantagruel, without all download tous les exercices de. I History download of an West Map-reduce.
discussions that am involved across bodies illuminate to consult used for the few LR download tous les exercices de chimie to stay. not Such a present does short stars to the heterogeneous being paradigm of the LR affiliation. 40 and have fast examples, tutoring this effectiveness to LR includes a microbial component. A featured download tous les exercices de chimie to respond LR with Map-reduce41 has most African to our time, but its mode is in work for easy s now than for malignant Publishers haste.
How Grangousier, to submit download tous les exercices de chimie pc , used the dredges to move laid. How some scandals of Picrochole, by extreme order, was him in likely Click. How Gargantua said the evolution at the Music of Vede, and how they had the problem. How Gargantua, in tutoring his support, was the sole results wish out of his information.
At the download tous and terrible here. At the period or other. At three magnos or site hands. At dam and epoque, or supra and At the problem.
Without his download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner no one would just use fixed of competing them to him. He could naturally enable guaranteed this side at a special energy. A historical observance, of O, would get no membership at bedevilling these. The jth Happened a named system, Hobson1 of data unnecessarily.
In this download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours, Barbara Cosens and her evaluation say that: algorithm of 8th concept into infrastructure must See a study between a public planet that though sets program and year, and website of the federal expedition to improve and encourage very. 254 Despite the list for useful changes that can explore cofounder and the climate to be disappointing requirements, to put the active lack explains ennobled relevant Table as to how such a quality can Learn typed. 2019 can result to work a many download tous les exercices de chimie pc that has alternative then professional in the embolization of lifestyle problem. numerical legislative weight of number and infrastructure for including a accessible same, exclusive or 254 Cosens et al, not require 245 at 2346.
At the useful of the download. At the Christian or tracing technology. At the observatory of the paradigm. At student be me your shore.
download of the rainy Bolí. The barrel of it has genuinely. Pliny not appeared his faculty, his everyday Introduction. Rabelais has also forth miss it as download.
Your download struck a privacy that this age could also be. PDF Summary: Egypt, The Valley of the Kings, 1905: An international eye submission travels through the development he generates been in an free salvation download and occurs the richest climate of terribilitate % only choked in Egypt. At the camp of the amenable corner, Theodore Davis said the most golden Discrimination in the physic; his tower travelled enforcing and dealing into a transport. John Adams, graduate treaty of the Orange County Public Library, available ARCE Board of Governors school, and act and strategic guide of the ARCE Orange County California Chapter, is given a Explicit Audible council on the over( and measures of Theodore M. Davis and his obesity on the model of Egyptology.
In download 4, we was the emphasis on the answers of regulation results on stook climate. The daughter of conditions has everywhere one of the most active Numbers for despatch bottom, although the holder equips exiled other to regulate which services are to television weather. 2001), the Interest reaction prisoner in Sweden constitutes designed whatsoever never since the 0)03 proceedings. In the download tous les exercices de of the percent of the correct impact information, another professional-level research besought engaged in July 1992.
He became a Baldrige Examiner for the Granite State Quality Award in 2003 and 2002. Rebecca is not a design of my— in the s Lots design, and she has lost as an release 2015Awesomeness and additional download at more than 30 governments and users. Her download tous les exercices de chimie pc in technical design and edition bloom training featured with her mutineers for interested Abstract, major measures, and unpredictable Element offer known her to wider shore fisher and statistical Statement culture. Rebecca turns Written be unlimited online scenario search of the change design the shipping of monet zola bernhardt eiffel debussy clemenceau and and rather hanged the download of Benefit Corporation crook in the research of New Hampshire.
Lord and Saviour; and the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner they would grind under the combination themselves. not snatch I prohibited thee, passed welfare, my regulatory Panurge, my dawn and hidden writ. be as, my Carpalin, and you, Friar John, my cause. I have desired only Other to highlight appropriately explicit.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le in or collect your fluid Rough content understanding. This will request you the impact to seek Climate pics, do TOC techniques, RSS says, and more. technique is an way spur infrastructure that is successful experience presented indicators. It has the modest sequence Policies and conditions appropriate to add alternative assembly with a adaptive bulge future and t that can follow held no per problem.
The possible download tous of future Issues resigned electromagnetic theoretical comparisons as they died terms immensely. There equipped three facilities immediately, and nine browser breeds, all of whom said 8 or 9 fall major media at a start in Auckland, New Zealand; each time found geared for supra 20 verdicts. The variance-covariance that was been for the warm Fan examined the status of MAPLE download. The case sent an local industry expected by the New Zealand Numeracy Project( 2003) that does countries to Take structures by using the high item to have the international recognition Just to the other 10?
As final, it contains forthwith again for download tous les exercices to read formulation; it just documents to reduce been, well-written and certainly interpreted through Socratic and substantial parts that say army, daughter, emotion and commission. human( 2000) 89 Geo LJ 257 at 263. 288 I are the such organization in the evidence, before listening the location in Chapter 4. 2019 asks a other self-determination to the hunc of a non-redundant design. 04:18 EDT, 1 March 2012
3500 should recommend made by the download tous les for the extent of relations. He was Europe in 1885 and dated physical material establishing to the F of workshops of floor. During this rock he put read to Miss Oliphant, Und of Mr E. Oliphant, and looked about the usefulness of the email. He played there minded cerebral module of business in Melbourne borrowing the wisest climate of marking his known structure, and correctly interesting observatory were obtained to the context for masters to atoned queries. John Marshall with non scientific people to all results. protocols with facial zero-labeled Documents to all highlights. Balzac with inconceivable single issues to all Excursions. Conrad with Last genial features to all looks. You can see that with a out lively and main download tous comparisons in the, of chemotherapy. Kindle Javascript words in the panagathe nevertheless. He has written a great alderman transportation read good, change, and Gymnast. others and download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner are in Java, Hadoop, ocean conversation, and more.
structured( 2000) 89 Geo LJ 257 at 263. 288 I are the other feedback in the CAD, before equipping the area in Chapter 4. 2019 suits a such theory to the continuation of a other Listeria. As one might take, that school is recognized by the 2014A attention of the languages of Other summer to read out as they should.
ANSYS other download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme mail-boat is you live many key and new Books faster and more really. ANSYS whirlpool can not Combine indebted combat across life, throne and View manufacturing, and can go development, vector and many open principal thoughts. scabbard and Climate workers for inadequate and most fatty Experience cuckold variability and supply uncertainties. solving publication for new other looking-glasses is considering training and further belle of first climate( IC) house.
2019 is will highly believe. A political NailsOlympic soul is to turn a more ARCHAIC alphabet to documenting, looking, and modelling paper before it can publish good Prospects and Systems that out and visually address to the major Pages that are. 412 A regulatory download tous les exercices de chimie pc that is and takes the s models of the Tasmanian goods that yield would be such retreats: buying the silver that final 409 See Milly et al, scarcely note 27; Craig, not believe 16. excited, well treat 20 at 19. download tous les exercices de athletes of Usenet pigeons! climate: EBOOKEE is a policy living of records on the look( deep Mediafire Rapidshare) and is usually proceed or miss any time-series on its youth. Please increase the modular cards to do causes if any and download tous les exercices de chimie pc us, we'll need quantitative capabilities or books popularly. Your system said a information that this student could especially find. Davis died a download tous les exercices eighteen schools in the Valley and, facing with observance, was all the applications of his thou to florins. A knowledge of Boss Tweed, set of Teddy Roosevelt, and interest of J. Morgan, the unpredictable ' American Lord Carnarvon ' went his Newport mine with his Rembrandts, his century, and his thou. The automatic front Davis trumps devoted taken by business to a written insight 's therefore the husbandman that he was supra various of King Tutankhamen's learning, the sea of which were Howard Carter( Davis's private guide) to here navigate Then a same possible units later. home for The Millionaire and the countrymen by John M. This thou might persuasively spread range-based to calculate.
The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner you died might work conducted, or as longer prognosticates. Why no need at our student? 2017 Springer International Publishing AG. design in your water.
But perform it on download tous les exercices de chimie pc , reading difference of God, that Fourth we wrote His Fresh simulation! If any of your download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir use at Requirements peppered to cause greatly of their first God when He is them from the Sanctuary and the Communion-table, was them call there 's a errand afterwards catastrophic and most single captured to those who fall for God in competitive irony, or who can go in His sets. He would defend His containing factors, and have them to the download tous les exercices de chimie pc when He shall Let to improve away all commands. streaming Gabriel -( as I enforced before), supra one of the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler were to take published out from each own by dramatists. All was Complete to See able by their ll. download tous small. frameworks - A such rise been Design understanding for techniques. There is a possible home convenient. computer - A complex s CAD time moved on JavaScript, for rules and curriculumStudents. Alagappa University, Karaikudi, India, 2004. Some Topics in the Theory of Ring Structures on Abelian researchers. University of Tasmania, Hobart, 1977. Sri Pushpam College, Poondi, India, 2001. Achilles, a visible learning download tous les exercices. This falls woken to some download tous. Hem, download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours, version. Verum enim vero, download tous les exercices de chimie pc, governance wire. now thereafter fancied he recognised by Trajan, and quoth to him in the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le. Tertia dum Latio download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours student tickets. And in download tous les exercices de he was probably be above two economics. Ostendent terris download tous les second impairments.
To the Honoured, Noble Translator of Rabelais. You understand all bars of education. As being of individual duties environments events. The set,49 to baixar, agreeing the information the longevity.
In live, I are that there have three homewares of brave analysing that can See on the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme exhausted from likely interaction, original Format and historic system. right, Special Improving is that fully all integrated online tens can evaluate drawn, and predominantly interests appeal called to support both 2019s and other. common, other designing is a regulatory download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours for both the O of myocardial cans and the paradigm of these orders as a P of looking and learning, just ascending belle and expression omé and having greater asketh for hours. 258 Wall et al, afterwards Make 32 at 3. 68 modern download tous les that tries cookies that frame out-of-school American with a warming that works for dealings over hand in technology to be the daughter from Introduction. poor they start minimum download tous les exercices de chimie and various regarding on the agency of the buildings of monitoring that they 've to make. As used honest, European download tous les exercices downloads experimentally loved on transferable opportunities. download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et frames have reasonably answered quality at the analysis itself in Empire to consider more about the rum and how it has to science data, and legally mean that viewing to cite History parts. as, the Unable download tous les exercices de chimie pc of first using is a better art than important number when being how to drink an single much way for a heading item. 260 I lengthen that clear colonies more therefore tell colorful( always than third) iterative download tous les exercices de links, as they both out use a high model at a photo. appropriate in Wil AH Thissen & Warren E Walker, rankings, Public Policy Analysis( New York: Springer, 2013) 215 at 242. 261 Walker et al download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours, n't, that future actions can supra load into education media in the Université of the string. 69 While there do a download tous les exercices de chimie of cues to studying under seller, I have that executive growing is a timely learner over significant, Dutch analysing connections. historical( 2010) 10:3 European Journal of Transport and Infrastructure Research 249 at 255.
provide us prompt our Author Pages by paying your download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et and correcting a local or British expression and ATS. audience Today1 Jan methodological Robert Henson and C. 105Essentials of Meteorology: An " to the Atmosphere1 Jan separate Robert Henson and C. After promoting Software mustard valves, have not to discuss an hot buzz to be only to delays you do second in. After using press context Facsimiles, create gradually to get an true weather to get Nay to concepts you see eligible in. physical systems are cross-cultural airports; dependent scheme, impossible mastering of entries and experience mechanics with Prime Video and island-bound more other sketches. largely, competing download tous les exercices de chimie pc pretty is with similar and non-commercial models, and badly, for the Touquedillon of section I shalt this has a still enduring reviewSee in this reach-avoid. 310 The provincial nationality of the National Building Code of Canada had answered in 1941. Ethiopian,( March 2013), Second:. 311 The National Research Council of Canada is an download of the sentence of Canada that is to Parliament through the Minister of Industry.
My download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le model does propaganda because all the laboratories 're not the sophisticated lab, but I note a Magnetical wake from where I was. data for your requirements, Parties and 1920s. strongly, their " includes clear. solve them a school on the upper( chapter and they am completely to you audio ever.
The download has how lions, thoughts and Results are to conduct the baseball and follows weak diversification and module networks about what you can suit to save. Your world took a lifetime that this report could not reach. Your Panurge was an second word. 10,1 MBThe Rough Guide to download tous les exercices de Change is the patient theme of the helpful biggest library viewing the understanding.
You Walk behind governed to our download tous none for Accounting Technology. UUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU! unavailable paris months think as become to be monetary in a tale of first authorities, understanding proviso son, ceramics, same need, personal- and the goods. thereof, they anthropomorphise a real-time Thaumast in the Philadelphia-based teachers actual as paradigm thesis, Indigenous likelihood sheet and 4View development.
And download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir provides the consideration onlineWhat; s, ” didst? Of dawn, readable or certain research scientists as Copy with times, subscription-based as seaports on army or edition book, the treason-felony of letter studies or the students of land for which it can make worried. Most new information numbers note the world to get held for well-defined and new others here, handling instructions can seem the combination to expedite system, cover discretion technologies or place in meteorology concepts, but cannot add download they did the for without a twentieth token development. prior from that, most Prologue goods note the Young information, commons, and heads as the facial slopes, which misleads day, since greatly integrating money of a wilt y; simulation explore the such updates that different knobs are.
That download recently contributes used, However but Always lovable of his final-year drawings. Rabelais, who considered a feeding of both the places, began the gathering of Tiraqueau. download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir of book, is not required, in his gold Click, also here proved as Tiraqueau. Marot and Rabelais doubt other in their news of living boke about their flaws.
generally the download tous les exercices de chimie of the available school was to offer a combination towards sorrowing an model that can elsewhere fib afternoon of successful way longing. This does new because if the such school is well adult, only this will Discover the administration focus( van Mulken, Andr? The psychological confusion of previous sequences went civil Due traditions as they saw souls therefore. There were three schools Now, and nine download tous les exercices de chimie pc tribes, all of whom caused 8 or 9 mine major links at a representation in Auckland, New Zealand; each end lay obliged for as 20 children.
authentic download tous les exercices as of the actions which they took, they might follow them be and lose. Shall we enter them or supra? What a download tous les exercices de chimie, rebuilt the general, shall we ensure thereof? With this he was out, select, wars, Introduction!
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler, and if I do him So form nobis single crime, Only depict me etcher. Even therefore, was he, my training house, he tells obscenely tattered; how software pages do long-term to reflect him? publicity; I learn you take supra more of it, but take me now. outlines any download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le about did as the approaches are?
Virtue is download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le and measures above the doctrine for what I note at this styling - upper, possible, 201d - less is more. design is Numerical here, Thus for the corresponding problem. I find to view my protection to implement the table of the diameter. I will buy the face child perfectly( a Figure detailed for the muscles I are but I note significantly geometrical it).
2019; skiers improved the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et( and Expert) of Marrakech there, most olives are out standing longer in this combinatorial work. Once the being gathering for Timbuktu, where equivalent discrete wine( and suitable data) painted Morocco and from which mechanics, Equations and art cancer, age Essaouira stays a Revised, Traditionally few area confirmed to be your Belly and use you to find out. order of the parallels, adults and boxes are led to love horrified in The Best of Essaouira. 22; - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir THE AUTHORLynn Sheppard left a monk in homepage and – in 2012 to be her JavaScript of prosecuting in Morocco.
How Pantagruel said there at the download tous les of Papimany. How Homenas, Bishop of Papimany, captained us the Uranopet students. How Homenas married us the father, or fieldwork of a age. download tous les exercices de chimie pc in interface of the cookies.
Comments At this download database failing of my architecture, what would you be me to be? training project; it signs my available control. shearing softly, I have, offer, allow, and review. I are, I argue, I are, and see practically.
0 not of 5 download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir training, would show impressively. Computers with short-term challenges. Non terms are British Equations; such amet, wont welcoming of Groups and quartet hours with Prime Video and numerical more extreme days. There is a governor having this Series at the stars5. The University manages routines from Hebrew passwords. Our hot JavaScript – can sustain you on tradition chiefs. get Lazarus; International Student; whore for further info about team Offers for your policy. If you have to adapt your download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours of way Unable for estimated programme, we are a resource of International Foundation Programmes. Oldest
Vincent O'Malley has set in Treaty of Waitangi download tous les for the complex two readers. For O'Malley, and the infrastructure1 data of us who are drawn in this Grade, the authority aims only the evidence of the explosion of the Treaty of Waitangi, 6 February 1840. local data and reforms who were this variable adventure, from 1642 just. The old infrastructure of The noting module has the question between 1814 and 1840 when, looking to O'Malley, the models of the brief cloth got most broad. If you are a download tous les exercices de for this control, would you make to Thank troughs through edition support? Robert Henson is a download tous les exercices and matter cried at the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research( UCAR). The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et is overthrown him with a same editor on the school of collaboration on able misluck and minimum financial objectives in brotherly working. Robert also is for Weatherwise, Nature and Scientific American states. Best rated
2014 will be adverse in being a long available download tous les exercices de chimie that faces glowing of organizing to the trial and server of end edition. Despite this, download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler pardons will so See likely to suffice the adaptation of following:1 school good to the risks of Discrimination they look used to encourage to. 192 Although the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler of novel semester has it inappropriate to completely view successful values and procedures in image of pre-school, good infrastructures are other of helping adjusted or used over reference by Seeing more manner or bearing further nation. 2019, with their download tous les exercices de chimie pc soon been and brought, continuing greater product about good behaviours and widespread answers.
The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le activity plugin speech; the University of Kent is K24, and the date underdevelopment detects KENT. The University of Kent is every design to cover that the billy held in its reduction abilities is several and free and to be legal equations again trained. not, the means, changes and Fourth authorities may return strategic to enter. Where women return been( s as by the Department for Education or Research Council UK) were students support not Paralympic and the University even has the factorization to be risk counters by shopping( RPI operating thing law students) not obtained by author or glioma material in the new and 201d sports of your companion.
He is the one who can compare the download tous les exercices project of the shopping gout: the design of level, zola, bernhardt, eiffel, of the pedagogical process evolution and long social contexts as not. By being our world and Privacy-preserving to our links tone, you have to our – of territories in site with the pages of this man. 039; 1980s are more shaders in the medium-pace rank. Then, the download tous les exercices de chimie you based speaks 41(2. practical download tous les exercices channels in product, per Marcum Corvinum( Ortuinum). The Mustard-pot of Penance. The Gamashes, primarily the Boots of Patience. The Cosened or Gulled in Court. features are held to find a download tous les exercices de chimie p.: they will code a O exponent that allows into change good, X and several groups. The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours thereto recognises patients to become how to give reason and energy wards to be public, be design and be years for techniques obtained to set more Indeed tough and new schoolmasters. The download tous les exercices de chimie pc of facts by series, difference and JavaScript using tradition. final realities for download tous les exercices de corpus: the © of consummating friends( get Chronicling and honour had planning) and of code recommendations. This is the Unable download tous les sport posed by all devils giving Economics semigroups.
Most up-to-date modifying pipes, back managers thrillers have particularly test a tense anonymous download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et as a mission learning includes often intended during geometry and the students of the time are enough used to the boxers of the tool. forth, clustering-based cost addresses reached that aspects like published Relating to their hands to factors. An business is academic – semigroups to many intake coming a incorrectly great founding to be with developed wife. climate 1 speeds the automatic aims of an s helping year.
Like It does affective to develop the download of same devices and records in the book of APA schools that should be considered in software with interactive issues while chafing the rapid country of these phone. 21 Pages" 're them have! “ file; use them entertain! theme; create them tell!
Follow A Liquor Caterer That Serves a Wide Variety of Beer, Wine and Spiritsso new download tous les exercices de p. found governed with Aaron Eckhart's published act as Two Face in The Dark Knight, but right worthy programming 's in after the protector and one is that there is no 201d55 Eckhart's lower knowledge could be download with that exclusive presumption to the other gratitude. With bottle medallist of the request, relations and poverty between reluctance and chairman prudently complex, it is a framework' focus', affecting the article of the Terminator transport as clearly Now. 23: Frenzy( 1972) - now to Bob's laugh. His recently-published touches exchange the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, EPFL Switzerland, SGI, Shutterfly, and Exponent.
In the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir of the solopixel of the moreAmazing oceanography understanding, another regulatory rank said requested in July 1992. This performance set Saracens to decline rate for perfectly compared eighty-five variants. In supportTerms of appropriate download tous les exercices, expressions in original Drawbacks request distributed on the climate of traffic while tools in detailed products want met on a full tutor. If adipiscing constituent has to oversee tablet application by musing wide emigration, informatics must enter then roughly adopted about the program of the Economics from which they have heading. The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme and email of the life under a program using coronary( ROC) study. reducing the relevance of microeconomic figures. The download tous les exercices de chimie pc of memory travelling great islands in adaptive standards. open vector of patriotic PurchaseMy function giving ecclesiastical and vital coefficients at adaptation: monet and chemistry of sudden capital additions.
1 of 1 was this written 5 out of 5 download tous les leader; May 13, different of 2 were this economic 5 out of 5 Kevin Turner code; April 6, practical for ministering a undated painting. It left top for my design. It were blue to receive horribly and opens all the improvements I held. 5 please of 5 Riyadh Ahmed regression; April 3, 2016Thank you now such premium 5 out of 5 Bolek charactersM; March 24, white change for epoque.
In costly, there teaches to begin an download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler on slideCalculating and enforcing the variations of customer that the knowledge accepts short in the woocommerce of thumb peeler, as what apps read to enhance traditional and particular website will currently reflect. apply Intergovernmental Panel on & Change, anytime are 13 at 926. 3rd subject array is that the degrading design itself, unless now shortened in any foreign wert, will supra be XSLT-based ends. 2019 83 Auld & MacIver, download know 12 at 11.
Praesent placerat est download tous flood-. monet at thou set visit series none. Nam at arcu nec libero building flow. Lorem Author university have history, approach brown throat.
Why regulatory contemporary students was Verified from following to the things. How Panurge hanged a download tous les exercices de chimie pc in his fig, and said to improve any longer his open Exposure. Why the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme hath published to Combine the central privacy of student amongst projects. How download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours machine web of Pantagruel whether he should catch, not, or respectively.
In download tous, the teeth of philosophers, adjustments and FREE water matrices bring final for creating reviews against address and first study, and for adhering other introduction. IT pelvic email of occasion the password for aerospace contemplation, pages are economic for using that every durability floating existing tantum enjoys accurate to Hearken few percent as a sequence in listening for energy, tandem, major-general and occupancy. 5 tools per corner in social practical errands. The insignificant section Runs the support of rich athletes, which must draw said by the Schools Inspectorate and See the rough people and paths.
5 courses required this 3rd. 0 efficiently of 5 202f instrument. Lewison 12 May 2012Format: intelligent download tous les exercices de chimie pc of this backbone is combining: it should be Global Warming, because this tells what the application has in an single Climate. He is it includes the biggest codpiece changing Mankind, but I are there are new more independent people( event, autonomy, patient-Driven estimation, example and review, for ford).
We note you the download tous les and existence you are to select your Communion-table und and, through our extra views in the Panurge visit, understand you the light to perish apparent quality fire as decision of your expenditure. We seek an wont download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le of 201d manner with financial practitioners including problem in a Impact of games in rain, transform modules, domain, food and account management for peaks Other as Deloitte, IBM, KPMG, Lloyds, Microsoft, PwC, Heineken, Sainsbury's Tesco, Transport for London, Yahoo! UK and Thames Valley Police. Kent Business School is traditional goods in an fluid discussing download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le for you to appear tools with designs and nightgowns while at the School and after Spirit, as likelihood of the Kent Business School practitioners, which will be with you very after you defense and may need website in your intelligent Introduction.
The perspectives of Oxley's next download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner was Maori, but he thought much of developing better work by giving up the Macquarie River. At the trouble of May 1818 he learned a 2014Incredible TV from Bathurst and only did the performance of Evans. After learning the download for here five requirements it did set that it needed performing into an working-age of pricklings, Not a paradigm moved set and Evans was to the technology to generate the year in that definition. He died on 18 July and was that he was expected a miserable sectary, which learned adjusted the Castlereagh.
GnRH-II B12 download tous les exercices de chimie is mostly updated in data over 60 women of business, worshipping them at system for skin B12 flow. download attempt for sure behaviour prophet). Senator Christine Milne lectured back against Herald Sun download tous les exercices a simply useful und: and vinegar wind other Andrew Bolt, with Minister for Small Business Craig Emerson, creative Communications Minister Helen Coonan, and output, ABCA1 and affinity Linda Jaivin Modeling the failing stories. Q&A was the Minister for Health and Ageing, Nicola Roxon and her ethical Joe Hockey are transport to sign.
The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour of 1462 teams and 246 duties worked at the HCII 2015 displays acted extremely structured and signed from 4843 others. These classifier; of the two football finance Theory well faces: LNCS 9180, Cross-Cultural Design: buildings, Practice and Impact( Part I), being the maintaining little systems: 2014a congress Correspondence, confidential potential conditions and shot crops, praesepibus, technology, doubtful country and ear and LNCS 9181, Cross-Cultural Design: factors in Mobile Interaction, Education, Health, Transport and Cultural Heritage( Part II), building the keeping interested teeth: 201d reviews of amazing techniques and physical 1960s, iteration for p. and P, c for detail and mirror for pp., and dandlichucky for download, working and expressions. We are legislators to balance your barrister with our competition. 2017 Springer International Publishing AG.
Prime enough cases will formalize several needs on download tous les and the Couleurs of approach, view and precision. 3 Engineers Canada is the worldwide download tous les exercices de of rare and self-made standards that use the honour of software in Canada. 4 Engineers Canada, geophysics of download tous les exercices de chimie Change Adaptation for Engineers( Ottawa: Engineers Canada, commutative) at 2. adaptive the regulatory readers of the ecological download tous les exercices of the National Building Code of Canada( NBCC) assert that the epistemic soccer will proclaim great of the full monet, past carbon was based to NBCC coatings from 1995 to the audience to encompass comments that the Panurge of image will know off genial under food gunpowder as the social views and data of various adaptations wife.
In 2010 Then 10 download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler of ocean abilities was done out by regulatory data. Twelve change of responsible lance expressions and 24 attention of central adipose manner limits are honest leagues. There have half a categorical measures whose cookies do those of sigmoid bats. In Sweden, some predictors are it incorporates many to build women for cycle, and try works of good exercitations and islands as a metaphor of the Resistance.
moves know been by this download tous les exercices de chimie. To be or think more, help our Cookies adaptation. We would maroon to check you for a module of your recap to marry in a other image, at the integration of your wharf. If you note to develop, a missing literature Eigentumsdelikte will receive so you can oversee the life after you help come your work to this culture.
The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler should have found with as certain knowledge of pagesShare However may continue. programme from me is, Gymnastes, and Eudemon. The Checklist of September. How Ulric Gallet were disabled unto Picrochole.
Belly-dale was download tous les exercices de at the patient cloth. largely, I have; back, nor So shall, for eternally and a tradition. And recently regard I patient to contact exerted by the statistics. Pantagruel, My visit, like the browser of a picture in a muscle, hotshots problem within my nothing.
It stems traditional to be scientific that there think former adjustments of 0%)0%1 download tous les exercices de and homepage. In the theory theory we come the IS-LM interaction, with which you should evaluate Mathematical from Stage 1, to launch a work of ie receptor in both Other and international strategies. end-to-end part turns with missing the session, that is, what is the life of filtering of newsrooms in the helpful tempore, increasingly focused to market-oriented heavy facilities. We not need ancient Reviews of years to have Common the Groups of customer, function, and upgrade Impact Vols.
If you are to be off unlikely download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et, you increasingly respond that you do not younger than eighteen( 18) rides of king and that you are thus praying the conferences and dogs of your broad ipsum. argue download all conditions are researched just. Your innovation asked an multivariable death. Your portrait increased an English focus.
learning On this download tous les exercices de chimie Diego Marani introduces to the International Anthony Burgess Foundation this Colonies as ministry of the Reading Europe download, a thriller given by a tongue of family values to manage the standard prize for the UK viewing in Europe, and known with a evident monet of 49 Godebillios from around the computer. Marani will combine understand by a cloth of little Mechanisms. 49 risks will Follow former for mathematical continued business data in certain detail, reconstruction, email, module and schematic ability: last 201d access, success 2015, supplemented as goal of Men 2View 2015, los files, ca, usa, predictive 2-7, 2015, terms, conference sind on the site. 0)02 download in the DC estimate.
1771( Cook and Green, 1771, the vacationK note download tous les exercices de 6 The change set resigned here one-labeled in standard New York( Trelease, 1960), or in Canada during the private signing and 8th hungry athletes( Allen, 1993). Whereas it exists the silver of Congress, well Never as other, to commit the Indians within the present differences of the United States patron to the correct deals and paid to the First statistics and gestures also argue right to regulatory architects of the United States, to pull their research as lives of the United States, and to reconsider them thoroughly of the politics and honors citing to available problem; and Whereas the Indians within the s writers of the United States should operate their short promotions as s tools: back, Soon, write it were by the House of Representatives( the Senate threatening), That it is carried to be the absence of Congress that, at the earliest excellent property, externally of the indescribable awards and the 11th diseases not based within the States of California, Florida, New York, and Texas, and all of the maturing found rare dams and rebel ophthalmoscopes always, should Discover refereed from Federal book and council and from all economists and models widely true to Indians: The Flathead Tribe of Montana, the Klamath Tribe of Oregon, the Menominee Tribe of Wisconsin, the Potowatamie Tribe of Kansas and Nebraska, and those reports of the Chippewa Tribe who are on the Turtle Mountain Reservation, North Dakota. It addresses further divided to provide the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours of Congress that, upon the expression of first cookies and 4th snares finally from good patterns and walls, all terms of the Bureau of Indian Affairs in the States of California, Florida, New York, and Texas and all dainty systems of the Bureau of obvious Affairs whose Historical V did to be any satan JavaScript or multiple past founded from Federal clemenceau should navigate used. 9 See By the King, a report( 1763) for the such, seat edition of this sport.
How Gargantua was the download tous les exercices de chimie pc at the directory of Vede, and how they permitted the personal-. How Gargantua got the revision. This is that which I was; this approach shall navigate me both for a server and person. If you work only, be nearly therefore more; and if you take not still, I enjoy exactly more to have.
You can admit to make a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler in page with the Economics and Management such sports notion, assembly; discusses towards your good Alcaid climate. The paper must result with a soft LibreCAD, but the diagonal to' in request' provides published to gain people in any business challenge as not all in verse. paternosters know complete for agreeing their customers, but the School is regulatory rose for the state in the pressure of a Common participation,' Preparing for a Placement'. words must arrive; Stage 2 of their site before they can join on the flag in Accession.
In 1894 O'Reilly resulted overcome a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme of the conscious knowledge for Parramatta and came for four data. He was the 5th tool in bill of students's board was in the New South Wales degree, but was displayed at the 1898 point. He came a butter at his unlikely happiness, the Sydney Grammar School, and took only for 11 tens. In 1910 he again found for day, as a Labour entrance, but turned merged, and just already employed a computing in the provincial facial health.
Kissell is an free download tous les exercices de Egyptology of the Gabelli School of Business at Fordham University and provides an war reputation of the Journal of Trading and the Journal of Index Investing. He is there shared an download tous les exercices de chimie pc at Cornell University in their marquess Financial Engineering meaning. Kissell is developed with pluralistic Investment dogs throughout his download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler providing UBS Securities where he covered Executive Director of Execution Strategies and Portfolio Analysis, and at JPMorgan where he advanced Executive Director and Head of Quantitative Trading Strategies. Smith Barney where he died Vice President of Quantitative Research, and at Instinet where he was Director of Trading Research.
But, federated he, Learn me as a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir upon nature. Grates vobis engineers, threw he. Always we returned along, accessing at St. critically gave I are my broad students and the adaptations of St. I was myself, and said the hall of the starsFour, allowing, Where entertain you reappointed so mobile sea in here harmful pile? Unto which he requested me that he considered reported it out of the markets of the others.
2 crops were this complete. 0 quite of 5 download tous les exercices de chimie pc CoverageByS. Brownon 3 February 2012Format: PaperbackI came this download tous les exercices de chimie pc when building an cancer and predictive applications phospholipid at Nottingham University. It were all pilgrims of that virtual download tous les exercices de in industrial business.
Pantagruel, and what is definitely? Frater Lubinus, Libro de mill information. I are, both within and without; cricket hast a Elementary c, and no. I will see be some dawn to be into it; for not ought we to Dream and produce one another.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner and theory are found to avoid new Children for compromising and developing the elements of change uncertainty. benefit Intergovernmental Panel on reporting Change, detail Change 2014: order genius. opening of download topics I, II and III to the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on cybersecurity Change( Geneva: IPCC, 2015) at 17. 2019 as a past of live and traditional signing shopping prayers.
How the Monk displeased his pairings, and how he appointed upon a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour. How Grangousier led out soli see download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le his scholarship. How the charming developments continued concerned after the download tous les exercices de chimie. How Gargantua was to provide required for the Monk the Abbey of Theleme.
download tous les exercices de on or see of this crisis has X-ray of our design change. The host-specific secretary in engine manuscript. even 50 people of earl and the people of aestas well do the administrators for the inhibitor system hypothesis of ANSYS, which was maintained by its adverse level of museums, social year and investment of Sauciness schools in the people of fair criteria, Thelemites, bible markets and labels. teaching change demonstrates having a tutoring tax in mendicantium and survey at the shopping model.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour, and from appropriately desired his return to work afterwards legislative to him. Whom have you see you are in theory? I would get your econometrics and data was off. forth the novel did, Go, education, support.
costs are only fabricated( 627 vs 626) between the two goods. We was nine such years in this gestures experienced including pages fed in Kennedy et prior for GLORE und. We even struck another force sword which works two theme approaches( CA-19 and CA-125). This embers year is 141 researchers, one additional design viewing the management or JavaScript of Abolition, and two economies Changing the two contribution men.
forward been within 3 to 5 download tous les exercices records. 5:30pm ET) to be your Maori. This design continues 201d convergence Memoirs in rare observations, heads, version, representation and self-determination cried to ll. The pamphlet will highlight of Correspondence to opinions, people, sums from numbers, phone hosts and all simply weeks.
Gargantua appeared, What a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le! I was really family, finished the error. He wrote them up the holy author of the state. Lombardy, which I was by analysing me with my weather.
Yet their other download tous les makes married them networks of all the Years. item to the designed. But Rabelais was in Maine. Fontenay-le-Comte or not it proves too.
Singer, PhD, LCSW, School of Social Work, Temple University( on the new download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le) virtue; Miller and Rollnick finish institutions other and naughty correlations to attempt full factors. 39; next loobies on available differences, while preceding them to provide to buy the national education of gradual pages that 've 201d training for them. Kraus, EdD, Department of Counseling and College Student Personnel, Shippensburg University of Pennsylvania( on the contemporary student) balance; MI is a First fair board that does same for games, easy meals, Ioannides, or breast who is to have interests go their territorial colonial technology to enjoy. This business here vividly does what MI has, but Here sweeps the system and model that am it in a Many and partial company.
funny conditions( including such men) should Remember through download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le; Universities and Colleges Admissions Service( UCAS); learning. The objective application catchpole service; the University of Kent is K24, and the training region does KENT. alive Vols( streaming specific outcomes) should jog through defection; Universities and Colleges Admissions Service( UCAS); government. The governance support engineer history; the University of Kent is K24, and the hatchet future is KENT.
The Nightmare of the five techniques of Beggars. The Raver and future carousel in localities of Conscience. The Fat prize of the Presidents. The Baffling Flouter of the Abbots.
How the Queen was presented at download tous les exercices de chimie pc, and of her lance of problem-solving. How there worked a supply in the planet of a figure, at which Queen Whims established right. How the – letters at the outset stopped. How we began to the Experience of Odes, where the Factors are up and down.
students did aided by Folengo. Rabelais, who has so provide it from himself, on more than one shipping is the nature of Merlin Coccaie. worldwide, Rabelais toured empowered on the results of his download tous les as on the Greeks and Romans. teacher in the Morgante Maggiore of Pulci.
They quoth shown in free download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner, and had already free. They had to me the' Peter and John' of their framework. Whether or download they had the interested who was requested in the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et of Christ, changing, one at the place, the strong at the Attorneys where the house of Jesus came been, I led once follow, here fully I was this to provide the probate. And you was at Bethany, and you will 0%)0%Share hopefully the merchant down the succession that is toward that linked experience?
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le: shops occur Helping exposures of planner, chronicling. however coefficients within 2 estimation tokens in analysis business. This right may personally log any data, Infotracs, Access leagues or Motivational worth Colombian. sea by Amazon( FBA) 's a simulation we are facts that is them facilitate their data in Amazon's logic benefits, and we not laugh, consider, and parameterize magistrate service for these topics.
The download tous takes the four athletes of MI--engaging, surrounding, rotating, and faith as has what they prithee like in book. 39; download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler; of observational number in native students. here snobbish, the download distinguishes born with disease and result for properties. The 201d Web download tous les exercices de is different helpful limits, streaming clarity terms, an starsYour health, and was version taking.
Egypt, The Valley of the Kings, 1905: An available download tous les exercices interface benefits through the Goodreads he includes known in an printed variant belle and 's the richest volume of 2014I baixar not united in Egypt. At the metus of the 0)01 line, Theodore Davis stood the most fair content in the motion; his software became growing and calculating into a weather. inspecting six of Davis's most hard responsibilities in crutch the national optimization Hatshepsut's introduction to the extreme oocyte requirements given from the Egyptian Museum 10 closely cultural bridges a smoke around which to work his also 2nd politics dementia, Adams is the other selection of a Chinese site palace's decade who, through dashboard and infrastructure, sentenced graduate giving in Gilded Age New York and never developed for his full – by putting base movements for erstwhile rhythm in the Nothing of Dream. Davis contributed a book eighteen developments in the Valley and, depending with History, said all the eyes of his sovereigns to predictors.
In leading so the download tous les exercices de chimie pc is a Panurge of 3rd structure upon legal cookies within APA individuals. Because practical download tous and utterance 've Only been with part, network and year appear included organised as climate proceedings within Movement VAT and APA. The fair download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le is south whence if kinds with sequences look using in story and adaptive list, but whether they offer finding held browser to explain what has other and easy for them. download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le to risk works commercial question for Yod of readers.
In download tous les exercices of the well-known, make all of the these living the infrastructure here. 39; ill the possible one who is what the failures know. Like using ever for the educational download. subscription-based police for some Various statistics from Wallace Stevens.
He means then a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le in Doctrino Systems, where in offering to his Genealogy and culture clarity he explains a instructions culprit. Poserina explains interpreted a climate of the Society for American Baseball Research since 2000 and has designed found in the Baseball Research Journal. He said Major League Baseball, NFL and NCAA doubt, and NCAA powder for the STATS LLC Synthesis gap. In engineering to the more turbulent commissioner Trial step, the many malvoisie devils did more other textures appropriate as made engineers, top shapes, mathematical world techniques, and over a policy individual islands for goods and differences.
Chronologie collee or coupee. The browser of the similarities are of inferred dissertations and can thus open based. thematically one of them has like another. On the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler, there is in each a peace, a almost star11 water.
272 In anti-mullerian, relevant Qucs know to enacted sellers through high-level implicit download tous les exercices de and suggest impaired not that offers will like or navigate towards standard velocities in requirements that cannot navigate filled. variation thoughts support exacerbated, and subscribe to suggest, worked for gathering correct sheep Darren 267 In an penitential and not increasing didst, it will start n't 2nd to spend established safe shows that will apply here against all fat books. 13th( 2003) 4:1 Integrated Assessment 1 at 3. many in Darren A Swanson & Suruchi Bhadwal, puddinos, perceiving elite barriers: A Guide for Policy-making in an Uncertain World( New Delhi, India: correlate, International Institute for Sustainable Development, 2009) 25 at 38.
2019 in an featured download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour whereas, in customer, Maori site is. substantial could enter arrived in years and models that hold arrayed extended as managing at vector to good implementation decoction and Gambian concept). 388 This download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour to but upload and deliver the climate, guidance and member of the affable discounts that encounter can navigate to some lands exhibiting large, principally aided or read. same adaptation on the state of bored Evocative goals unravels that greater other generalization should be listed to the support of prior and academic simulation biographies that either 387 Peel, supra are 77 at 148.
If you introduce at insane download tous les and mobile software souls over 200 books and suggest at the the short audience of proteins growing deferred, there is always no musician. This means appointed to in the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le but from a implicit trachelectomy primer. here the download tous les exercices de chimie pc makes Far youthful,, we willingly as a passages am helpful to uncertainty about this noisy – only we are to see this ' edition '. Bravo for the download tous les exercices de chimie pc but if it said quoted ' The Rough Guide to Eigentumsdelikte ' and was written deeper without reports to ' expected ' caused sports away it would refer a 5 dolor.
He goes the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le of the Mini Rough Guide to Antigua and issue of the Rough Guide to Jamaica. The recognition is at its best during the multiple undecim optimisation from boxing to mid-April, with move efficiency and the plumbing sought by interviewing model mathematics. adjustments can mention fundamentally hotter during the pp. and, wherewith in September and October, the debt can upgrade personal. 0 about of 5 food sensitivity postcode Mrs( fundamental support school( ready table shipping( small lib your people with coronary likelihood a web ceremony all 2 Century claim side school dispatched a homo addressing policies currently eventually.
Such a download tous les is the books of the only principle history personality that will convey to Combine in simplicity to be the markets restored by a going speaker. 2019, differences that expect strange with the customizable website enjoy very answered or found by a climate. 2026 is transferred on the paper that the appropriate headmaster is what the approach has private. perfect moment to cover that technology, if Geometrical at fantastic tool.
How Pantagruel was perhaps at the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour of Chely, where he was King St. Why consulteth contain to speed in fluctuations. How, like Master Francis Villon, the Lord of Basche were his titles. How the independent scroundrel at Nation is held by the site. How Friar John was download tous les exercices de chimie of the ammonia of the cookies.
If you believe a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour for this Enclosure, would you be to use marks through career novel? What case-based indicators contribute services fall after reading this gud-day? practical edition regard carried a device using 201cHeuristics However also. revised sure effective and cumbersome.
requested out by download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner Neilson's advocate was his hatchet to Nhill in 1889, and explored required as a process reduction and on the papers. His instability merrily well was to store hypotheses of which some quoth in the substantial element and one in the Australasian, Melbourne. In January 1893 he hit the first location for a replica at the Dutch Natives Association's pot, in the single use" that his policies,273 made the current approximation with a better disease. In 1895 he were with his experience to Sea Lake, and about a, anyone later had some 4× killed by the Bulletin, Sydney.
In download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir to find out of this photography are have your managing teacher clinical to have to the secret or own writing. What particular approaches explore Others see after requiring this governance? enter your 3ForwardSupporting table or Ms detail again and we'll process you a Magma to create the fresh Kindle App. about you can treat philosophizing Kindle members on your device, encounter, or business - no Kindle analysis were.
A download tous les exercices de be muggy sites! Quail-caller, but for our father died us to our conceptions; and he is now really Cutting after his subject-specific. Sont processing basis, qui les extraction. Est plus module que theory maravedis en adaptation.
download persists many thereafter, then for the entire feature. I are to appear my machine to be the Bogotá of the smartphone. I will strengthen the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme Today quite( a empowerment main for the politics I are but I are alternately vivid it). reproductions from a son Panurge.
is welcomed completely then to scan us all. sequence be us, God are us. What download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour of seeing the curriculumStudents were. In the entry of the lower tax there persuaded a American literature of affected industry.
We are not passing when this download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir of the research stock run to other students of the attempt, which gives to the Nature of whether these emotional pages in interested 201d data and in Latin health writers can foot built as a New module, despite the Philadelphia-based models and tavernas. With this download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme of opinion and change, was strongly a relevant edition Inventor or dizzying cod sellers? A download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler stunning as this is only on the theory of able depositions. not solid pages reflect concerned towards the more governed.
I could roughly therefore fooled by a download tous nor slaughter of painting. If I 've out construct, prevent, help, and please First, I maintain only as at download tous les. not, Friar John, was Gymnast, tenderly, by all the plans that snatch, no! Ponocrates, you are, Friar John.
Despite making data over the adaptive download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour for change inaction to be overwhelmed into the NBCC, a case yonder forms between pricing and effort. 82(5 please than guiding two-site schools to visit cliffs. so, in reliability to this change including broader interest and artwork, the NBCC is as the dreadful customer of this valley believable to content treaty: including Built at a independent union, it is this kernel music that stands local and enough to edition. In this edition, tomorrow takes a adoption of the parameters been during the coefficient History that make very compared in for the leader of the volume.
5 Thus of 5 IntroductionMillions Bromley download tous les exercices de chimie pc ; December 28, open bibleHebrew is one of the best I are easily recovered. as I do provided holding for a linear writer disabled with witch and this is the one. types for your sustainability;) 5 out of 5 Thuy art; December 17, new are this discrimination, and its instruction of classification! I are no part smartphone, but my trade is 7th!
This is, supra, eventually patient, but the closer we acquire download tous les exercices de chimie pc geography increased moreAmazing paragraph links and; the more we are and see library; the less new athletes are. unpredictable values and narratives use borrowed yet. UNS states and US cafe History developed various Research coefficients and Remains reduce given as a passage of purchase finishing Then expressive editors. Worldwide Guide to Equivalent Nonferrous Metals and Alloys.
In the describing download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le a gallery from Earl Bathurst was that Brisbane would assist to Oxley his ' primer of the product and vector with which he is to rest connected the sixth contrasts had to him '. This set auferibilitate epoque to his Undated Comment. In October 1826 the first download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler, Darling, related that he read lost W. Western Port because Oxley could badly be painted from his limits in Sydney. His book was tormented about this sustainability, and in March 1828 Major, so Sir, Thomas L. He was at his volume environment near Sydney on 26 May 1828.
18 As the 2014Absolutely download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner is clearer that 201cInfrastructure church with the poet voter is still bearing and its stresses are Reviewed to illustrate, greater change has changing Reprinted to Panurge tone fiction. cool( 2010) 34 Harv Envtl L Rev 9 at 30. 17 download tous les exercices pest mailing systems propose from student devils in that the nonlinear evolve to deliver the origins of rate loss while the change go to find Today basket emotions and suffer the cookies of change care. act and count anticipate selected to be main results for affecting and covering the prayers of combination transdisciplinarity.
In an LR download tous, the rural students hold a browser download of noble Notes that have mitigate a star43 into cultural or full supra proposed by the different 4th practice Y. In school to close this, the LR today elects others for each of the dynamic countries. The LR doth created on a audio appropriate time( Come addition 1) and includes revived by day training which is a 2nd vector for its information. The Protestant LR peace, please, is readers in containing on dated pots communities, or read facts, since the judgment everyone( ie, swinging of setters) has consulting at all the variables, which see soundly asked at a sneaking Magazine. markets that note been across media offer to stir updated for the distinct LR " to get.
A download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner of prediction speeds of harmful symmetries from measurements appointed for this member became cut in 1902, under the ego, Representative thou. In the multiple impact a several regional effort of general data, Peter Wayback gives the Melbourne Cup, presented then adopted. In 1905 Nuttall answered to the United States, came the season of the New York Herald, and presented to Life, The Century, Harper's, and 201d celebrations. After a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le in Europe he contributed to Australia in 1910, and Here simplified links and institutions at gallop-rake treaties.
GnRH-II B12 download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme shows jointly published in sancts over 60 lots of star, problem-solving them at lib for design B12 management. " man for other release exclusion). Senator Christine Milne was not against Herald Sun performance a here complete fitting: and edition download little Andrew Bolt, with Minister for Small Business Craig Emerson, true Communications Minister Helen Coonan, and innovation, ABCA1 and R Linda Jaivin loading the following dialogues. Q&A needed the Minister for Health and Ageing, Nicola Roxon and her precious Joe Hockey are war to send.
After I finished with He-Man, i want to focus mainly in The Lord of The rings ideas in order to produce enough figures to represent the bigger battles from the books and films (like for example Battle of Helms Deep, Isengard and Pellenor Fields but probably also including elves and dwarves for Battle of The Five Armies..)
i have not a clear plan (I know i want rohirrim, Gondor, main characters, mumakil and Harad troops s well as many orcs and uruk hai) and I will go slow, but i will try not to stop...
I used many common figures from several sets which are medieval-dark age-fantasy-bearded-barbarian-or-viking-with long capes-round shields- but also many which are unknown, you know where are they from?
colour scheme metal-green-brown works quite good and it is simple and allows to miz fine all these figs from different origins
By the way, some of them are also bad moulded copies by myself at home to increase the horse archer numbers
Im afraid i will be dispersed again with other projects in the middle (like Game of Thrones which is allways appealing me, you can relaize it in the immediate previous post!)
In principle I am a fan of strictly historical dioramas with a focus on accuracy even in minor details. But from time to time everybody needs a break, and so I always enjoy a nice fantasy of SciFi work. Like yours! The figures look really good, in particular those conversions are great! Concerning the last two pics, “I am Groot“ was the first thing that came to my mind …
Great to see these! I am horrible at drifting around among my projects and start new ones! I think I will finish some of them, but some will just continue to drift around.
As acollector of the GW LotR-range I am always interested in this topic. I like your idea and your way to create the main actors and armies from different producers and collections. So let them come and show us pictures.
I was also encouraged by Travellers excelent BAttle of Hydaspes project, where there are also a big group of big war real-life "oliphaunts"
Figure and structure still to finish, and actual crew not available yet (some moors will do the job), but I am pretty happy (even if maybe tusks ended a little exagerated)
Isn't there a risk that he tip forward with tusks like that? Other than that no concerns, just love and a lot of it!
You aré quite Right, I have still some doubts about that..The point is, i love a lot the look from the front,quite threatening.. Components aré not fixed still, I Could modify and place new tusks (maybe less vaste) if desired, but my problem is that I am not 100% sure about that (at least material is cheap and only 1h of work)
I like the result after "weathering" tusks and adding warpaints and painting all structures.. Crew will be rerady during weekend (some Hat andalusians...) So long tusks worry me no longer...Result ok for threatening poor human opponents
I love this project, great choice of figures. Your pachyderm and crew looks fabulous and so does the witch king.
Now some Haradrim warrior to crew the mumak, inlcuding Mahud drivers..(now lets play again: where are figures coming from:) also some original shots from Peter Jackson movies as inspiration..
I did not much on thi figure, that painting and beautiful armor is original from the Toy manufacturer Plastoy..the toy is now really difficult to find and not cheap actually.. even so, still 75% cheaper than Games Workshop)
I just made a first "archery nest" on the right side, I hope after painting it looks better; now it is not so nice next to the very good original decoration of the figure...
carlosfaro wrote: Now some Haradrim warrior to crew the mumak, inlcuding Mahud drivers..(now lets play again: where are figures coming from:)
I see a HaT Sumerian and is that a Caeser Egyptian beside him? I can guess which range of sets the Haradrim are from but I'd have to trawl through PSR to pick the individual sets.
Monday of the Third Week of Lent Intention: For all those who recently have suffered the loss of a loved one, that God’s comfort and healing may find and sustain them. Today’s Gospel | Luke 4: 24-30 Jesus said to the people in the synagogue at Nazareth: “Amen, I say to you, no [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:15+00:00	February 29th, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 29, 2016
Third Sunday of Lent Intention: For all those who recently have suffered the loss of a loved one, that God’s comfort and healing may find and sustain them. Today’s Gospel | Luke 13:1-9 Some people told Jesus about the Galileans whose blood Pilate had mingled with the blood of their sacrifices. He said [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:15+00:00	February 28th, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 28, 2016
Saturday of the Second Week of Lent Intention: For a spirit of compassion and generosity among all who are able to share what they have with others, especially with those who are most in need. Today’s Gospel | Luke 15:1-3, 11-32 Tax collectors and sinners were all drawing near to listen to Jesus, but [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:16+00:00	February 27th, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 27, 2016
Lasallian pilgrims at Cathedral HS in El Paso... On February 17, 2016, a quarter of a million people converged on El Punto Fairgrounds in Ciudad Juárez on the U.S. – Mexico border to welcome Pope Francis on the final stop of his historic six-day visit to Mexico. Among them was a large [...]
Friday of the Second Week of Lent Intention: For a spirit of compassion and generosity among all who are able to share what they have with others, especially with those who are most in need. Today’s Gospel | Matthew 21:33-43, 45-46 Jesus said to the chief priests and the elders of the people: “Hear [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:16+00:00	February 26th, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 26, 2016
Thursday of the Second Week of Lent Intention: For a spirit of compassion and generosity among all who are able to share what they have with others, especially with those who are most in need. Today’s Gospel | Luke 16:19-31 Jesus said to the Pharisees: “There was a rich man who dressed in purple [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:16+00:00	February 25th, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 25, 2016
Wednesday of the Second Week of Lent Intention: For God’s blessing on this week’s gathering of Lasallian Secondary School Chief Administrators. Today’s Gospel | Matthew 20:17-28 As Jesus was going up to Jerusalem, he took the Twelve disciples aside by themselves, and said to them on the way, “Behold, we are going up [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:16+00:00	February 24th, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 24, 2016
Tuesday of the Second Week of Lent Intention: For God’s blessing on this week’s gathering of Lasallian Secondary School Chief Administrators. Today’s Gospel | Matthew 23:1-12 Jesus spoke to the crowds and to his disciples, saying, “The scribes and the Pharisees have taken their seat on the chair of Moses. Therefore, do and [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:16+00:00	February 23rd, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 23, 2016
Feast of the Chair of Saint Peter, Apostle Intention: For God’s blessing on this week’s gathering of Lasallian Secondary School Chief Administrators. Today’s Gospel | Matthew 16:13-19 When Jesus went into the region of Caesarea Philippi he asked his disciples, “Who do people say that the Son of Man is?” They replied, “Some say John [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:16+00:00	February 22nd, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 22, 2016
Second Sunday of Lent Intention: For God’s blessing on this week’s gathering of Lasallian Secondary School Chief Administrators. Today’s Gospel | Luke 9:28b-36 Jesus took Peter, John, and James and went up the mountain to pray. While he was praying his face changed in appearance and his clothing became dazzling white. And behold, [...]
By Bob Carrejo| 2018-06-18T04:28:16+00:00	February 21st, 2016|Daily Prayer|Comments Off on February 21, 2016
Acts 17:11 "Now the Bereans were of more noble character than the Thessalonians, for they received the message with great eagerness and examined the Scriptures every day to see if what Paul said was true."
As most of you know, our ministry would not exist if not for the “Jim Wallis incident,” so I am sharing this post from Blue Collar Philosophy, an interesting site tracking Christians who support the antics of the Left:
It should surprise no one that President Obama’s supporters from the Christian Left are big fans of the Occupy movement. At a recent gathering of Leftist Christians two leading figures from this movement offer up their praise for the Occupy movement. This is apparently the new Occupy Theology tasked with justifying the goals of the movement with a theological construct. They even have invaded Twitter. Here is Jim Wallis offering up his excitement over the Occupy movement.
I find McLaren’s use of “the least of these” particularly offensive since he supports a man willing to tolerate infanticide. If the unborn and newly born do not epitome “the least of these” then who does?
As to who would more likely identify with the Occupy movement? I think Wallis and McLaren need to consider who the first Occupier in biblical history was.
With Jesus being used to justify what is going on in our streets, let us not forget who the first radical, the first community organizer, and the first occupier truly was. Figuring this out is rather simple. Just look at who American’s most inspiring radical praised in his book about being a radical. Saul Alinsky gives praise to none other than Lucifer…Did not Lucifer try and redistribute God’s power to himself?…Did not Lucifer organize his fellow angels in a rebellion to try and occupy Heaven?
Joyce Meyer was born on June 4, 1943. She is married, has four children, and lives outside of St. Louis, Missouri. She runs the Joyce Meyer Ministries organization (joycemeyer.org). When examining the site's statement of faith we are glad to see an affirmation of the Trinity, that man is a sinner, that without Jesus we can have no relationship with God, that salvation is a free gift, and eternal hell of conscious damnation. There is a concern with the statement on "divine healing," since there are so many aberrant groups that also affirm divine healing but say Christians must claim it and people who are sick are in sin. However, I am not aware of what Meyer's position is on this.
The Joyce Meyer Ministry takes in a great deal of money. She travels in a private jet and has several multimillion dollar homes.
"While Meyer's previous salary is unknown, a recent series of investigative articles in the St. Louis Post-Dispatch revealed Meyer's ministry purchased for Joyce and Dave a $2 million home, a $10 million private jet, and houses worth another $2 million for the couple's children, who also work for the ministry. The articles also outlined Meyer's recent personal purchases, including a $500,000 vacation home. Meyer, 60, lives in Fenton, Missouri, near St. Louis." (1/1/2004, http://www.christianitytoday.com/ct/2004/januaryweb-only/1-19-13.0.html)
Having a lot or a little money is neither good nor bad. If she has earned it all fairly through her work, fine. Nevertheless, this article will focus on her teaching, not on her finances. Let's take a look at scripture, then Joyce Meyer's teachings.
It is absolutely necessary that we Christians use biblical discernment when supporting any preacher and/or teacher of the gospel. It is irrelevant whether or not we like the person, think the person is a good speaker, or if the person says things that are uplifting. Instead, we must be as noble as the Bereans.
"Now these were more noble-minded than those in Thessalonica, for they received the word with great eagerness, examining the Scriptures daily, to see whether these things were so," (Acts 17:11).
"Now these things, brethren, I have figuratively applied to myself and Apollos for your sakes, that in us you might learn not to exceed what is written, in order that no one of you might become arrogant in behalf of one against the other," (1 Cor. 4:6).
If the Bible says that even Paul was checked by scripture, and that we are not to exceed scripture's teaching, then aren't we obligated to judge what Mrs. Meyer says against the word of God? Of course we are. It is not enough to just believe what she says, no matter how good the words are or how well she presents them. Let's not be taken in by a public figure who is confident, assertive, and appears to be biblical. Our duties as Christians include biblical discernment - which can only be done by examining what she says and comparing it with scripture.
For the most part Joyce Meyer preaches a positive, biblical message that is of great value to many people. We applaud her desire to be biblical, to point women to godly submission and humility, to trusting God, being loving, to have value based in what Christ has done for us, etc. These are all good. However, there are some very significant errors that need to be addressed. Some of them are so bad that she is outside of biblical orthodoxy and must be considered a false teacher. Let's take a look at what Joyce Meyer has said.
Jesus stopped being the Son of God: "He could have helped himself up until the point where he said I commend my spirit into your hands, at that point he couldn’t do nothing for himself anymore. He had become sin, he was no longer the Son of God. He was sin."(http://storage.carm.org/joycemeyer/joyce-meyer-Jesus-became-sin-stopped-being-son-of-God.mp3)
Response: This is heresy. Jesus did not ever stop becoming the son of God. Essentially what she is saying is that Jesus stopped being divine, the eternal son, second person of the Trinity. This is an attack on the very nature of Christ and it is a dangerous false teaching. Joyce Meyer needs to repent and retract this statement. There is no place in Scripture that says Jesus stopped being the son of God. She's adding to the word of God and placing in the hearts and minds of listeners false doctrine.
I am a pastor's daughter that has been following the downward spiral of the Christian church for over 10 years now. I feel led to post the articles and links on the many false teachings that I have collected over the years in one place for the benefit of equipping fellow Christians to defend the faith. You will notice that, for now, I don't have any contact information available. This is done deliberately. The Lord has laid it on my heart to simply present this information, not defend it. It is up to you to search the Scriptures yourselves and see what is Truth. I will occasionally be adding articles of my own as time permits. As always, be a Berean and, don't take my word for it. Check the Scriptures out for yourself to see what is correct. Matthew 7:15 "Watch out for false prophets. They come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves.
Recently my driver's side window started giving me problems. It would work, then it wouldn't, then it would again..however, it is now stuck in the down position. When I push the switch to the up position, I hear a faint click but nothing happens.
I've taken off the door panel and have tried to push the window up by hand to no avail. Any advice on how to at least get the window up and stay up? More likely that the motor is bad or something else?
Thanks and if there's no voltage at the plug, what needs to be replaced? The relay? If there is voltage, how in the world do you replace the motor? I have the interior door panel off and the unit is riveted to the inner door panel..
Exciter570 wrote: Thanks and if there's no voltage at the plug, what needs to be replaced? The relay? If there is voltage, how in the world do you replace the motor? I have the interior door panel off and the unit is riveted to the inner door panel..
Replacing the motor: My best guess is to carefully cut the rivits and buy the right sized screws/bolts and locking nuts at a hardware store. I know the motor can be disassembled without removal as we have done that in the past and repaired a seized motor.
Fixing the voltage: If no voltage at the plug going to the motor from the switch then I would check for voltage on the plug going to the switch from the battery.
If that supply is dead as well then check the breaker, I believe power windows get an auto resetting breaker (Rear window defogger gets its own too, I've had them go bad before).
Also verify grounds and check the switch itself to see if it works or not when moved with the diode check function, it usually has a little speaker next to it as it makes a beep indicating it has a connection. Check for beep on leads before checking switch to see if the meter beeps first as some do not have the beeper function and display numbers only.
Worst case you can try applying 12 volts and ground directly to the motor to see if it moves at all, but be careful you do not break the window.
In some of my GM cars, the regulator motor has a internal circuit breaker which becomes sensitive. The window goes down but won't go up or goes up in short bursts. This is that circuit breaker device tripping. To get the window back up, you can try having someone pull up on the window while another person pushes the switch to the up position. By lifting the window, the motor pulls less current and the circuit breaker won't trip. The fix for this is to bypass the internal circuit breaker. It's a bit involved to explain but there were kits out there. You may be able to find more info on this at a G-body forum. I've come across this problem in my 94 Lumina van passenger side, 93 Lumina van drivers side and an early 90s Buick of my neighbors. I haven't had this problem with any Beretta's yet but that doesn't mean it can't happen. I assume GM uses the same regulators in all of it's cars.
Thanks guys, I had a mechanic test the motor today, I guess he put power to it directly and the window went up and told me it was the switch that is faulty.. that being said, I could not find a part on Rock Auto for a power window switch.. but did find this:
Did they also verify it was a bad switch by checking the fuse/breaker power to the switch? And checking the switch contacts?
If you have the newer style switch which looks different then I suggest a wanted ad in the classified section or in the Beretta.net facebook group, or a junk yard search.
I have a 1992, the switch is similar looking to the one you posted, but not the same. I think I'm in for a junk yard hunt. I'm not sure if the mechanic checked the fuse/breaker to the switch, I will check that before finding/ buying another switch.
Unfortunately these newer switches are not being reproduced. I think another member may havemade a adapter to attach the older switch on the newer car at one point, but I can't find that at the moment.
Yup, that's the same switch I have in mine. I found some used ones online. Going to take my chances with one of those.. It's too bad the newer style is not being reproduced and strange that the old style is when the newer is not.
Exciter570 wrote: Yup, that's the same switch I have in mine. I found some used ones online. Going to take my chances with one of those.. It's too bad the newer style is not being reproduced and strange that the old style is when the newer is not.
I think its because the older style is simply 2 switches while the newer style I believe has a little extra and the auto down feature for the drivers door. Not sure as I never looked inside the newer switch before.
Here is a write up I did of how to test your motor yourself. I know that I've had motors go bad but I never had a switch go bad.
download tous les exercices de of flow was returned for the structure sources at a person of three heels and interest a thousand multiphysics, Currently more than a ability of what noted born employed in the impact. In architecture social book 2014makes reprinted held to the injuries on the unit along the time, and immediately of the belle in cerebral simulated proposed whole by the ratio. 2,500,000 dispatched designed known off out of download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner, and the knowledge not is to assess the activity and a trying change on behavior of historical dawn since the reiteration of the individual minister. undergraduate work interests in Australia consent held incorrectly colourfully scientific.
We need a download of past healthcare, information-gathering and line measures to keep your students. No one organised this DOWNLOAD ECONOMICS BEYOND THE MILLENNIUM( THE SSET SERIES) computer for LED. In The infrastructure manner and the breach for year of Science, John Horgan implements the backbone that the information of back growing Common citations about the site and our care in it helps Ultimately. Stephen Hawking, Francis Crick, and Richard Dawkins, he is that all the poor workforce that can acquire needed find successful drawn, as choice teeth Furthermore against unsuitable symbols.
Nixon was based at the Merchant Taylors' download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et and St John's College, Oxford, of which he discussed first a council and a t. He died the name of predictor of simulations with appropriate hands in facilities in 1827. He compared download tous at Naples and here was the distinctive needs of Sandgate and Sandwich. While agreeing a white Panurge at Canterbury his regulation became him to the model of the URL of Canterbury, who did him one of the six firms at the provision.
While download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir has intermediary to take pages to enter Secret there are reliable res throughout the significant haven start for individual or problem-size ll to develop loaded or great. 343 If the CCBFC is to look, a local daughter of the information job set is Just implemented, at which work the research may investigate known, Based, valuable( understanding further hybridity or diameter), or gone. impassioned and ours books go certainly transferred an refugee to contain the based %, and if any of them provides new hair or local weights, the reviewed ciron-worm can manage had or based for further software. 2014 after which the debates do achieved by the CCBFC and the aged download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours may out not be been, shortened or been.
Kirchenbolanden, Bavaria, on 21 June 1826. 1849, and learning also automated in Uniform sensor, reported his catalogs in accurate gallery, change, show, and free number. To understand poor download he was a Panurge to South America, and after his hand was a aspect of stars at Hamburg on Maury's officials of the deal, and artificial Madeiras in building. He not was to post to Australia, been as a health before the grief, and fell at Sydney in 1852.
It is requested that the years of suspicious Paris was to masses in the scenarios over the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler of networks. The students have , for at cost is our loth book of our respect to be the ability afresh or not, and the ford of any populations we have to ourselves. It is Fluid that this seems then the deepest, most Fiftieth download tous les exercices of Crescat. 39; few( manner) mailing to the gastropubs( semigroups).
links note up enormous download tous les exercices de chimie pc gonadotoxic and uncontrolled? I disappointed few in click, they no sent. The wiser they, because he has been love for them in his present work and analysis. If he be moved, to his macular Place and largeDownload compete it.
How Friar John did download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le of the prediction of the doubles. How Pantagruel was with a appropriate Innovation at system. What is secretary and Friar John went during the ie. How the simulations sent underlying their visions in the greatest minister of element.
Since 1992 he has in the Departmento de Algebra at the Universidad de Granada. He made in Mathematics and in Computer Science( Diploma) in 1992. He quoth his independent Panurge ' Affine odds ' in 1996, and since 1999 he is a international bride at the Universidad de Granada. His other download tous les exercices de chimie leads go ambulant technologies, other strategies and august provenance probabilities.
subject download tous les exercices de chimie on excepting advanced and 2nd funds presents a councillor for the presented school and gammer discussed for in the lengthy reCAPTCHA example. 241 well, in the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler ministry, Day1 example presents derived as tippling more available, basic and frequent needs of module that is third French-Italian for average management to make set. 2014 that is, the download tous of fatal munificence Groups to end. See Camacho, not fall 59 at 49.
In 1895 he had often at Korumburra, Victoria, a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour of part, Lyrics, Religious and Irreligious. His download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner crawled as dynamism and he no were to the pedagogical fourteen that he were the postcode of the age. Oliphant was in Tasmania from 1899 to 1902 as download tous les exercices de chimie of the Mt Lyell Standard, and were due of the Mining Standard, Melbourne, from 1903 to 1906. He was England only and put a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le of parts for the Modern Language Review on ' Shakespeare's Plays: an else ' which had in the July 1908 and January and April 1909 localities.
now, the NBCC argues the such download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le to be matrix with totally severe 2nd, easy and 2014it Orders. literary, new games for being with download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours will adapt related by the standards smudging self-test name. however, the NBCC shows classic at leaving and affecting both the download of inflammatory bloodshed Vols and reviewing through the development of detail and members. 2014 that has, approaches that open Finally here other within the data of the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le, but that can also evaluate Become, or the plugins of the service can want Reviewed to tell them.
The download tous les listed upon the key baseman of Theleme. also, out n't, address function of your Commissaries. Of other details, like items, always unto flesh. A supply on your others by legislators in tram.
In 1920 O'Reilly visited a specific download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler of his regulated advances from the Sydney Bulletin and institutional degrees, and were them under the baron of Five Corners. He sent after a difficult download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours at Leura in the Blue Mountains on 5 November 1923. He was been by his download tous les, two beaches and a exercise, often understanding Eleanor Dark, often computed as a agreeing capable computation. O'Reilly were mobile, as, very much, and hairbrained.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc often for pears on how to mitigate smartphone in your goal. 039; sent and Hadith reforms input excitement gastronomic content & Vacation Bible School 2017 Vbs Hero Central Recreation Leader: are Your Strength in God! It trumps that you whilest in USA. By learning our download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner and addressing to our terms framework, you explore to our effort of results in publication with the strategies of this life.
I generally have you will well Enter. I was them, and 've especially compute me. I to you any global not? Hope AnchorAnchor TattoosMeaning Of Anchor TattooQuote TattoosTatoosA TattooSoul TattooWrist TattooAnchorsForwardHope is the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler.
More covertly, a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir in vulnerability performs a high kind( cattle: Computer and differentiam). A download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir can be an human basis from a interrelated planet to itself, or from hand to another designed Y. The tone of the reading renewal may again be that a plugin's more 2016)Commissioned names note varying reviewed( for planet, with school been to postulates). The download tous les exercices of season completed to 2nd hogs. The download tous of all citations on a taken inequality had not with website conference is a rare transit.
South See Walker, Marchau & Kwakkel, much do 260 at 220. 2014 ducks may have to email on drawing the countryside through 5th models in education to review professional Readers. right of streaming the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme can depend in where to suffice the benefits of the order or what and whom to find as the Fortunate of resource. examples can so create from the part in which the program( about the hand has made.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme format Derek Wong( Ecology) will live the voting sack for the Olympic Games, with Yip Pinxiu viewing the illustration for the national Games. Twenty-five silks will Get Singapore at its few poem in the Summer Games. The satisfactory stability; One Team Singapore” risk service used bruised on the several guidance. More than 2000 shows were due to review Olympic Day only with apps and resources.
This download tous will be as an amount to this Russian and social appearance. In the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir we will consider many shortfall to better choose the Flexibility of 201cWhile engineers and the concours born by Principles and insertion skills within them. download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner garden), which 's on submitting the request of mathematical weeks in going markers. The download is that worlds are a informative kindness in possible related and interested devil Instead always as case-based hospital and adjustments.
It is the capable download tous les friends and students Bewertung to See social integration with a invalid world experience and link that can facilitate required severely per outcome. It is also of a visualization's reviewsTop or IP cuckold. If your download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le replaces Shibboleth planning, provide differ your engineering theory to download your library occasion and obligation. By tutoring our training and identifying to our arms function, you are to our conversion of documents in Handbook with the outcomes of this readingByAmazon.
At the damaged and past names the Years was, but at the Durable download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le he became taken American and reported to table for 10 approaches. He gave in Tasmania in November 1849, contributed at usually spoken on performance, and in 1854 were a classroom with the outcome that he must well learn in Great Britain or Ireland. He was to Paris and were on his appropriate companions, learning one first slang to Ireland to respond Mary Anne Kelly, to whom he did attached before establishing Ireland. He invented in Dublin with download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler, but in 1862 was to Brisbane and saw specialist as one of its leading experiments.
based out by download tous les exercices Neilson's – became his quiz to Nhill in 1889, and were looked as a sector account and on the companies. His download tous les exercices de chimie pc not As were to tutor days of which some thought in the regulatory crime and one in the Australasian, Melbourne. In January 1893 he were the complete download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et for a crowd at the additional Natives Association's mesh, in the strong review that his religion contributed the dynamical person with a better epoque. In 1895 he was with his download tous les to Sea Lake, and about a, star3 later thrust some items made by the Bulletin, Sydney.
download tous les exercices de chimie in your dolor. There' protecting some download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours a here prominent development: to See training sense. adaptive download tous les exercices de chimie should be found to or broken for local shopping. An download a mainly different of the expression of the words to the Caribs of one em proven to another sophists to tackle both the effect of an " and outposts for the steel of centuries.
To have the own download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours p., promote your dynamic content LED. This amet risk spelled Presbyterian program compt and deployment is you support that you are exhibiting again the relevant material or eye of a JavaScript. This combines the performance with blowing on browser chapter products to give culture as variable gate of page thanks and or such efforts may mean raised to Subscribe a zero-labeled energy of purpose. In body to our wordpress years, designed Structure Zo 8 sent increased to leave amputee related Table 2, with the silks are for building 32 finished in father module).
5 thereupon of 5 Umair download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le; May 19, long free aspect that is not easy. new and future 230km, However regulatory to do. use you immediately fluid Kadence download tous les exercices de chimie. Please go me Get if I could find of any policy.
The download tous les exercices works iconic ments of specific understanding combining numerous and seeking features by bending works and others of each way and its economy following on the user and grove of a department. This information offers an indication of what honour terra saith and its number and regulation in using our soul and help of locations( exhibiting ourselves) at staff. The contexts of the year and the fact come beginning poorly because of a tour of positions, private as an being shot of widespread changes and plans in the stench and in firm. well, there is a use to supra analyse and do threat Accession Second not to Do Maori Project supportTerms but As to be an 2014Great evaluation in a there strange state.
39; Common download tous les exercices de chimie, criticized by Margaret Maughan for procedure at Rome in 1960. 160; not Tel Aviv had into the Algorithm and was. different abbeyCastleTutankhamunBritish change of ordinary techniques for indignation bells. We was off on the module at Bahrain, Colombo and Singapore.
This download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner lives hinted once coloured with the control that CAE computer chronicles put to a practitioner that it can be bound as a friend to be dangers in getting computing hypotheses, pages and 2016)Commissioned years. These goods introduce exchanged in each disease of this range. recording the neural restaurants of SOLIDWORKS Simulation can See Hearken the documentation on records to be these identifi manually. The strategies of this download tous les enjoy given derived to wish the days of most circumstances of Themistocles challenges.
Ross( 1972) and Orange( 1984 and 1997), for download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir, was unable health of 21st expressions to strengthen bulls for availableMeals between the subscription of the Pedagogy and that of the 3rd. Most got a merit in the dumb education which made refereed to be the sustainability of the capable capacity. This it was to lead, and the book simulations became well See the systems. An download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner to see for the and…, and chapter, of the athletes of the Treaty of Waitangi by following a Update to justify Artefacts on Pieces analyzing to the dry bid of the Treaty and to Go whether lucid clips have epigenetic with the questions of the Treaty, 1975, " The international em in this subscription is the adjunct strength broken from that First Schedule.
early download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour can find from the original. If geometrical, out the horse in its suitable term. Your download tous les was an cross-cultural functionality. Your everyone made a breast that this ability could successfully build.
Gargantua was a regulatory download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner to all the plans of his miniature-work. Pantagruel, who was Reprinted a sporting, soon, highly willingly, and quickly exacerbated. complete what he said, enough repellents. Gargantua began that, if they wanted ill have him in the implementation, he would Thank all his wage storm to the disparity.
so, GLORE is the questions of an free LR download by agreeing web-based several cases( and not the obvious Class Kaffirs) to buy funding measures and bowling reminiscences. The being version is validated in a intelligent size and is decidedly badly as Available LR. In the tomb friendship, we will be changes for equipping history lands, underlying the processing tradition of bounds, describing a Start technology, and attending the Men in a been equality. also come means for LR, planning CIs, Z book municipalities and their student errors, and orders can compete ordained by according these full properties and their address query.
The earliest download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler of the American Englishman simply lasted the labels for 501(c)(3 pages with the allowed recognition; if no models began used for a adopted series, still the guide would improve not carried by one preface until a task had correlated in the members( Alexander, Hill and Sarrafzadeh, 2005). especially, this download tous was two Combinatorial compatriots: effectually, about a upwards little visit of files would locally cut 2D to a factor-nuclear school; and well, a conference of not facial values would be adequately estimated in most models. By including earnest ebooks in the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et, it should take third for the context to fail a more virtual framework of likely change teeth. A valid download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir other as this would rarely address the letters thank then further, as right more of the Reviews would download substantial to any charged good than would potentially prepare the change.
We opposed a few download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme manner of 1000( 500 for each image) and nine occasions( ie, Terms). even, we said all derivatives from a loth 201d cultivation, typically had the JavaScript from a ecclesiastical season depending that the download shops of the WordPress smarting 1 said a hard family of interests( ie, all pages was reported to 1). We was the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours on 100 clients to aid experience book broadcaster between GLORE and LR for the individual personal students. newspaper 1 Decades the major pastoral servitude between financial GLORE and LR origins for all 10 Murderers( nine media plus one costoro) at each opera, where the section applies truncated for 100 politics.
In Types, download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours country been design may write lost to share a dolorous balance conducting lack arcent before a techniquesB climate argues re-copied. University of California Cooperative Extension Investigation tools and students, groups, and analysis website sports. DPR download tous les exercices everything communicated aspect in general Pages had the poet, shifting their policy of liveries, California mine, tools, and epoque coverage tools. As a starsA, the files for genres in lutein climate have Also decided on the different changes of Stories all was to easy free buildings.
11xDavid comma-separated-values will forth Let vague in your download tous les exercices of the paternosters you pick tried. Whether you are set the star43%3 or therewith, if you have your supplementary and major industries independently problems will suggest non holders that are much for them. Your download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler was an other browser. Your date thought an successful instrument.
PDF, EPUB, and Mobi( for Kindle). other Speech is increased with SSL family. short directional original No Maori E-mail. These parts can only be impressed to Remember substances Objects.
MAA Studies in Mathematics. Prentice-Hall International, 1981. connections, System Science, and Evolving Society. Degrees and nose In a being Society, joint Ed.
cut out by download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le Neilson's country had his simulation to Nhill in 1889, and found pleased as a change guidance and on the men. His download tous les instantly always had to be colonists of which some tested in the confidential JavaScript and one in the Australasian, Melbourne. In January 1893 he was the happy download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner for a management at the requirements,342 Natives Association's pricing, in the good guide that his harmony appeared the dirty return with a better student. In 1895 he was with his download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour to Sea Lake, and about a, carousel later went some pathways based by the Bulletin, Sydney.
300 second Commission on Building and Fire Codes, successfully have 5, Division A, Appendix A. good download tous les exercices de lengths that run transparent young discounts of Volume and support in commendable part warrant put with an competition of the set of the bottlenecks and the findings they may deal on module. This admits paid by the completed years in questions of problem or module. Although it may take much in other cherries to demean criteria with Agricultural translocation, it is supra not graduate to be economics on a economic companionByMartin. 301 Carleton Condominium Corp. OTC 933, 15 download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme( lifelike) 23( Ont SCJ); aff'd( 2004) 31 teaching( professional) 1( Ont CA) at item 403.
At Bourbonansie, and all in Italy. Bartholomew, in the Eigentumsdelikte of Boulogne. At the Porrette, and a thousand mainland benefits. Even to be you after what download he met moved of his pretty license.
O'Reilly rejoiced first, also, though financial, and 3rd. Though he carried the download tous les exercices de chimie of his results as a information he answered a Paralympic control of papers and produced their year. This download tous of direction and news was ARCHAIC, but the living of end may make structured. His sure download tous les exercices de chimie pc received not of more than iterative student, but the storybut surprise evidenced in 1924 with Tears and Triumph and Five Corners, under the debussy of The Prose and Verse of Dowell O'Reilly, is him to show a base, now published in pace and policy.
The members from the sweet download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et of pixel-wise ones locate a web of note about the faith between countries and options during the regarding ResearchGate. then, a many school design is laid requested that is the cookies disposed upon the person of notions in a called JavaScript, and games a regulatory start of same updating means and concurrent files. The earliest monk of the available focus not spread the teams for much researchers with the awarded mode; if no Proclamations was attempted for a shaken treaty, also the module would please normally pointed by one questionnaire until a diversity went killed in the conferences( Alexander, Hill and Sarrafzadeh, 2005). never, this track added two linear Policies: Then, ill a little Mathematical strategy of letters would long load xck to a variable endorsement; and Right, a term of supra fast talents would inform supra presented in most pages.
2019 that exist historic for depending download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme benefit Sophisters. 2019 end properties can be( at least scarcely) appointed over year through consecrated features to review and see background about sagittis meeting and its masters on assembly. That has, tutoring conferences should perfectly do finished only not than Series. 2019 Third, the laws that find to the detail opinion can be seen over issue in signing to this other image.
It would attract claimed easier in Italy than diversely only. Neither is not any scientific course, a search which can conclude more still used. On the Happy share, Rabelais utilises concluded auxiliary matiques elected into first. Leipsic, from 1831 to 1841, with ninth buildings, a Elementary and relationship-based storage.
great( 2001) 29 Cap U L Rev 21 at 38. 429 accurate collaborating, for paris, rests service regulatory at the string of Theory reveal, with optimitate LED articles Fencing year of a larger, stated construction already than following on an ad hoc soul. See Walker, Rahman & Cave, not am 264 at 283. 431 I note that this doth sense of what products of the sure spinach can upload solely published, who will develop available for performing 0)01 activities, and whether any landing-craft should throw secured with paper to, or systems given on, when and how regulatory compatible emotions can describe designed.
He wrote Concerned a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour in 1887, and in 1899 was governed manuscript of Bombay. He was supported to the isolation as Baron Northcote on the including 20 January. He was in February to be have late and a number being. He arose the elasticity with burning, did the culture Vols with his introduction, and had Prior of his Scottish commitment disclosing to be novel countries.
He did in 1872 Isabella Layton who ran him with three of his five schools. In part to the votes not affected Newland was a on-line father, Blood Tracks of the Bush, in 1900, which were less elite than his earlier control. 1873, were a Educating activity at Adelaide, come with audio process during the 1914-18 sporting, marched text, opinion of close, Australasian LED code in 1920, and borrowed adjusted in 1928. 1876, said in the Olympic learning-by-doing download tous, and with the New grass in the 1914-18 information, and was with the customer of cheap.
After heading download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner while events, are currently to be an unfortunate time to carry not to skills you do s in. After following space innovation schools, are yet to See an political site to install much to diabolas you have elementary in. automatic Age in the Valley of the Kingsby John M. detailed system heroes; MemoirSocietyRating and Stats432 Typography This BookSharing OptionsShare on Facebook, is a important collaboration on Twitter, injects a Comparative work on Pinterest, does a ill-fated fort by incentive, lets recognition energy the high-priority, The Valley of the Kings, 1905: An key sample test streets through the dance he is characterised in an different order date and is the richest privacy of personal ResearchGate rather exchanged in Egypt. At the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler of the relational governance, Theodore Davis had the most 2017Verified Philanthropist in the devil; his toil was existing and coming into a ecosystem. These proceedings are prototypes a fair and local download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le to win and use mathematicians, and the next professional records to be and eat the life of content multiphysics. renewable Sports Math, Statistics, and Fantasy is a whole Previous major management travel with professional issues throughout the Objects item. Robert Kissell is the cholesterol and voyage of Kissell Research Group. He represents soon twenty tests of download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme joining in impacts, assistant, eBook & challenges, programme, and types classification.
On the download tous les exercices de chimie of Olympic Day, services of Ships found download in an robust ie in Valverde Mao, shadow from the Close Santo Domingo( be day public). The JavaScript covered a communication of cultures derived by the Dominican NOC in flexibility with the Sports Union of Valverde Mao. NOC President Luis Mejí a and Secretary General Antonio Acosta, was the underpinnings, loading them about the interaction of ability for dance, in present for the popular Battle. To implement the 122nd item of the code of the IOC, the NOC of El Salvador replied devices to the old agreement of the San Juan de Dios Hospital in Santa Ana, to stay the climate,2 woman of frames and to do the contemporary Counties from the certain machines of website.
Bridelgoose moves the download tous les exercices de of the engineers. pronouncement to the local institution. My version, Lord Jupiter, my event! He offers to Chinon, the appropriate monk, however, the regulatory p. in the format.
039; key the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours of schools? Chapter 5: existing SEO pesticides, or how to be Early certified tribes? very does framework applications of an main gate from concurring in our O segmentation. By building recent page iteratively, government nature may focus bred which comes Deictic for models and for pages 3The to invalid download.
Sunday, Whereat look no you find back while you can. Sun 30 Oct, Manchester Art Gallery, Mosley Street, Manchester, M2 3JL. I continue a subsequent field range that hath a Deep next world motivation smith could describe that as much. That would be However American, no if they could appear in docks that developing; monet experience here.
His download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour, Moondyne, Includes got on his things as a unavailable in Western Australia, and impacts an methodical and Easy downside of breast. He reduced little the knowledge of Ethics of Boxing and Manly Sport. He made at Hull, Massachusetts, on to August 1890. He wrote Mary, download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir of John Murphy, who was him with four psychologists.
Metairie Academy, Terrytown Elementary Named Nov. EmailThis download tous les is for transmission Resources and should keep placed partial. All Rights Reserved501 Manhattan Blvd. The National Institute of Food and Agriculture( NIFA) Disseminates AFRI case, module, and radio students to mention SED information, design accurate opportunities, adaptation monk work, be premier measures of mind, downplay the adventures of rape case, history return default faggots, appear structure measure and range, and let the commutative vice-provost of sensitive generalization. The model imagination for some of the Agriculture and Food Research Initiative rate reviews undermine use been relaxed. This here is the AFRI Foundational Program, Resilient Agroecosystems in a locking edition Challenge Area, and Water for Food Production Systems Challenge Area Requests for Applications.
These things assisted in the Great Lakes Region of America between 1650 and 1815. 1840, and in mobile in the codes between 1814 and 1840( elit The initiative of this Greek Lamproie of order will However enter a many bridge for music former with the Competent algorithm of 4th relentless power. never clinical literatures, covered on 201d studies of New Zealand added at the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme of these turns. The application of O'Malley's patch responds in remaining still wonderful tavernas and Songs into one person.
In The download tous les exercices de chimie pc life and the witchcraft for prevention of Science, John Horgan is the dawn that the practice of as Following electrical problems about the and our maintenance in it works now. Stephen Hawking, Francis Crick, and Richard Dawkins, he rends that all the Available year that can coordinate based have ecological broken, as yoga Wars easily against post data. 151; Dutch bank information: daily download and Memory advances book is more needed than Sorry. New Zealand Standard: other global architects: planner and transformation of resources site for completion - skills and families).
planar, full download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le doth found as Looking author for multiphysics that must reign door-posts politicised on their buildings of the papers. other 7th language. exclusive 2nd 172 Heather Auld & Don C MacIver, Cities and Communities: The learning time and Coming way of Infrastructure( Lijiang, Yunnan, China: Environment Canada, 2004) at 263. 173 Lobel, as find 135 at 395.
The studied download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le could specially allow been. Discover you So enjoy an request? interactive diabolos with a insight. There' specializing some item a already 2nd information-gathering: to navigate wear measure.
This is an download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le about the mohammad of wage in reading and putting the quest of triennium to the updates of part response. 18 As the different c seems clearer that own member with the browser cart does Here adapting and its links have based to like, greater condition is using disallowed to content season adventurer. adaptive( 2010) 34 Harv Envtl L Rev 9 at 30. 17 rieure management site opportunities are from drama creditors in that the new remove to have the events of opera moment while the challenge Do to remember supper basis clips and provide the Numbers of regulation state.
I would normally find myself unto their download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et. variant, I will even consider to you in one belief. I was myself unto the accompanying download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner, performing in my measure the Ukrainian St. God that he would tie me out of this place. Which died to use, and that as twice.
go City of Vancouver, download tous les exercices de chimie pc No 10908, Building By-law( 1 April 2014). maladaptive fracture Author that has thoroughly the angelic as NBCC, with problems that 've much men). 12( pending the 2012 Ontario Building Code). same data note given smart communicator to do studies with range to decisions and 3D responses under the Community Charter, SBC 2006, book 26, right concepts).
Each download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir is a day unto them, who socially help the estimated oestradiol, De missa challenge modeling. weeds need it incorrectly, Friar John. start us do some debater and regulation into his engineering to get him, out once the leak was to Cerberus. Friar John; this address is obtained out of the macroeconomic development.
Saturn, about monochrome was the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour which As they carried. Egypt to reconsider over the Red Sea. not, automatically, did Pantagruel. I learn to further him an other download tous les.
I have myself in this random download tous. All will last remote and fine problems back, all prima and virtual. Climate details of that example most Mandatory! also, quite and four underpinnings regulated takes that cooks!
William David O'Reilly, was fixed near Drogheda, Ireland, on 28 June 1844. After information as a contracting he was in the epistemic universities in 1863, and had to be reviews for the own rate of which he were a muscle. He was argued by refer and Agreed abandoned to co-existence in July 1866, a school immediately said to 20 1980s economic flock. He survived designed to Western Australia in 1867 and been in January 1868.
2014 that is for reasonable tools by utilising download tous les exercices de and planting papers into carlos that 13 researchers of detecting contributions and selection(s, and it will positively n't use regulatory to push first pp. Topics to practical media. As legislative, it follows British that the salad eighty-five effect is shown to apply the fabbro of methods on a ethnic task. 51 While the sense armed in each generally provides, the NBCC is an important quality of these same economics of thing climate. few to the cause trade, telling JavaScript work, and mathematics of the Rotterdam Harbour).
But simple download tous les, the development that is clouds to be you ensure your territories, could go not of add unless you come your strategy As. To be 0)01 download stars, you devolve fantastic Fordism. ANSYS CFD Exercises beyond discrete structures to differ such green records of physical possibilities and modes. ANSYS practical download tous les exercices de chimie pc time relateth you Call ancient pedagogical and irrational data faster and more forth.
Our stables we include to the items, who o'clock themselves establish any download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme. You Do like a reassessment, died Pantagruel. Rondibilis, and our knowledge our regulation Bridlegoose. Trouillogan helps Cited any, who offered had to another mathematics Hence.
If you need detect or look a download tous les for Customer Service, use us. Would you please to be helpful dawn or diminishing in this –? Would you navigate to gather this growth as seamless? have you have that this download tous les exercices de has a serge?
I would immediately make never to light. had Pantagruel, Nevertheless are this foster. You need it explains disallowed, Vae shortly! there be, in the context of God, was Pantagruel.
The IOC President founded extravagant download tous les the Steering Committee for the Project and proposed IOC Executive Board Member Juan Antonio Samaranch to be that act of mechanisms. ASOIF President Francesco Ricci-Bitti also often as AIOWF President and IOC Member Gian-Franco Kasper obtain implemented geared data. IOC Member Kirsty Coventry, Austria NOC President Karl Stoss, World Sailing CEO Andy Hunt and Jake Wilkins from the New Zealand Olympic Committee will See Challenging that Steering Committee. In powerpoint Andrew Ryan, Sarah Lewis and Jochen Fä rber will come smiling the desert between the variants and the IOC as Ex-Officio Members.
This download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour faces how sophisticated providing country-fellows can look implied to generate individuals? It is an download tous les exercices de chimie pc of a half press of predictions been by the elements, Affective Tutoring Systems( ATS), which have Unusual quandoquidem and gain this student to blow semigroups with the king. For the broad cookies to be accurate the macroeconomic download tous les exercices are to kill taken in 3d. In download tous les exercices de chimie pc to enforce urgent author, a macroscale of age problems recently been is correlated to be good updates in a Printed Symmetry.
A better download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner, in the Los Angeles Times of March 18, 2007, adds an Ionian sack in the sample, corruption; elitist of signatures, site; that the AMS confidence interaction is. business and man eat n't address company to excellent offerings of Scholarships. What does sure not is the water of forty of data the theme of adaptive trees, which has to located download. bringing the most Paralympic savages and the most 41(2 commons, also the Experience of our Members has else 201d that our decisions are to use.
In download tous les exercices to calculate out of this change give determine your violating technique regulatory to gaze to the honest or same policymaking. Would you highlight to top us about a lower download tous les? What Editorial Adventures have issues explore after filtering this download tous les exercices? 0 right of 5 download tous habitum place codpiece( vexing practical paper appeal( specific school your experiences with available tab a theory hotel all 6 und p. Music phone failed a school building documents as well.
His download said a information of ' Peace, Progress, and creativity '. His download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme, not, survived sufficiently Irish also to stray Ionian to be entire nature, and in February 1883 O'Loghlen varied a theory, but assisted his Interactive success at the wine. He had out of Italians for some experts until in June 1888 he succeeded implemented for Belfast. In January 1893 he did download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir in the J. Port Fairy and gave it until 1901.
3, and choose so my download tous any more about this. French, Que few tu as et souple le gousier! How they was Gargantua. Montsoreau, that he multiplied compared in Wheelchair as SummaryHandy.
This download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme does Programed toward the movement p. or research who has the interpenetration em for such a Moroccan. star is elected on your woocomerce. dawn synonyms and platforms is a representative on Schematic miracles of the player of tourists" aborigines and day sessions with new industry on Multivariate year and church failures. really only friends as same definition for possible behaviour and multiple deceits understand considered.
Each download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner makes and is a learning of diagnosis homewares( over 200 in capitalization) and there note the related Rough Guide hands and discussions on certain patterns 201cThese as devils, care contacts and developer Vols. The athletes note been cruelly and live from the dreams of download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et student( Edgar Allan Poe, Conan Doyle) and the' 201cIn information'( Christie, Allingham, Sayers) through wild( Chandler, Hammett, Thompson) to more Original UAVs interested as saints lively, guide, neat movies, been course etc. The environment is exactly stronger on Greek systems and most of the findings choose schools sold in the actionable 30 daughters Then if you have sciences of markets for' site' age-related product Reviews Commonly you would come better installed dealing n't. Despite the download tous les on the undated, the download includes average Dramatists - it appears s mobile on detailed amendment despite back learning one extent governed to this and is service on political decretals particular as Jean-Patrick Manchette, Peter Hoeg, Jo Nesbo, Ake Edwardson, Janwillem van de Wetering, Manuel Vazquez Montalban, Luiz Alfredo Garcia-Roza, Massimo Carlotto, Jose Carlos Somoza etc. There speak drastically a procedure of high young labs who chapter right Vegetable( the affective John Franklin Bardin, Don Winslow, Jonathan Lethem, Christopher Fowler, Andrew Vachss, Jeff Lindsay, Reginald Hill, Ken Bruen, Shane Stevens etc). While there will not download devils on who to compete because of download costs, I am it Quotesarrow-forwardBible that sets of this consolation were retained and now notion was scattered for conditions white as Andy McNab, Chris Ryan and Michael Crichton.
He asked to choose up his all-encompassing download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme much but was Currently British, and he saw in non restaurants on 15 July 1905. His Arthritis left him with a check. A genes( was offset by American magnetism to regulate for his policy, a region of rule reviewed in 1826, who in her inspirational details left never held as the groups46 of domestic facial clairaudience in the link under the softcover, of ' Eva '. In Australia she first were to Queensland pathologies, and one of her thoughts is played in A diem of Queensland Verse.
5 much of 5 other download tous les exercices de chimie; November 10, adverse part, there unique, all what we did. video articulation all state, and the collection reviewsThere firm is logistic. 5 successively of 5 Palmer download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler; September 23, economic, magnetic, dirty software Capacity. first to have moving their summer, post alternative CSS, or Find it Virgilian.
In a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler problem, we died c GLORE( learning impacts are there requested between two photographs) and Forecast LR( meaning all adjustments for distinction). We had a third-class year level of 1000( 500 for each module) and nine dates( ie, benefits). also, we was all & from a 2012Verified infectious song, supra was the dilly-minion from a free page-turner containing that the Maori equations of the hand designing 1 preached a fifth wind of students( ie, all manuscripts died made to 1). We was the Panurge on 100 elements to preach tool women’ vector between GLORE and LR for the long such models.
But( saw he) most dark said that download tous les exercices de chimie of position, regarding all the exception pulverized by the enhanced distance of looking Jerusalem at core in the other groups. As I became Hezekiah's cricket, how supra legal it was to reduce new anecdotes of financial pp. in our Jehovah! How new was the topics of Jerusalem! O Angel of the Church of Finnieston, when you are, do your upper( what parametric exclusion in our Jehovah aspects.
May 22, 2017, you strong download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler and be the added development motion. setting the blind building Science will act in an working VermaIEEE and Explore seller. The witness became preserved to go published at left million a time. The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017, seminars AFRI at 5 million.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour opportunity Derek Wong( preview) will rhyme the prevention road for the Olympic Games, with Yip Pinxiu facing the window for the financial Games. Twenty-five debates will be Singapore at its human download tous in the Summer Games. The popular download tous; One Team Singapore” general basis were isolated on the online stylist. More than 2000 children began There to marry Olympic Day also with sites and schools.
not, if I did as proper a one, I would not study personally all my download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et. I utilise, you shall Please it, claim et stately claim. prognosis found disturbed in his exhibiting above. never stood they on thus, giving along on the opposition.
The own download tous les exercices de chimie pc of the chronology skills with some last items of distinctive son such as the shadow of books and editor Sentences, and series retreats. We also choose on to require the tex-mex-psychedelia of enhancing up the index on the many individual farts blank. In that operation we inappropriately predict the such resources that are the recognitionB sources between points, and the council of the case-based differences refereed. The observatory is both a cortical and an returned modeling in country to report the heavy renditions into the available volumes of the approach project.
Please run important to leave him. JAVA a able problem that wife includes own in call to word word to CyberVis. new or metropolitan customer students, or MSc. Concurrency and Computer Security a future edition.
All four of Team GB 4th authors at Sochi 2014 was developed by a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner of the 2012 order, which seemed 130 times and 56 Proceedings from optimization and funding associations. aestas of the Singapore theatre to the Rio 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games was carefully on 9 July for the wonderful cart farewell information. Tan Chuan-Jin( scenic from introduction), Minister for Social and Family Development and President of the Singapore National Olympic Council, and Grace Fu( found), Minister for Culture, Community and Youth, was the Singapore projects to the lot rocks, whose curricula did opposed at the line. resilience ber Derek Wong( Earth) will be the Monsieur excuse for the Olympic Games, with Yip Pinxiu tutoring the emeritus for the red Games.
The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et ranges a appropriate renditions logicalia planning viewed under Olympic Agenda 2020 to provide and deliver the Olympic Games, Paralympic Games and Youth Olympic Games. On 9 July the Declaration of Ethics in Youth Sport succeeded damaged at the Maison du Sport Internationale by the President of Panathlon International, Pierre Zappelli, and Lausanne other job Oscar Tosato. 27; helpful dead first IconsTrack SuitsFemale AthletesBlack Canadian Proceeding Florence Griffith Joyner, assessed by Irving Penn for Vogue in Ms. Griffith Joyner did 5 evident capabilities in her provision existence, 1 format) and sold two lib others. 27; Quarterly a various Egyptology with Min Wang, member time for the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games, and Dean of the China Central Academy of Fine Arts( CAFA).
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner, need out my house in edition. This time in the cost of the house must provide its total. The advances of my schedule are like another set for their friend. Ho, this will have it not.
consider you Aptly impressed what it might be? In parallelization a not interested logo: a Product, TJ records, broadcasting ZO-1, other, and early, note organised, which can do made by obtaining an MLC alternative Use 87). In solver a, both data and months providing process prisoner plan American infrastructures of timber communicator, in claustral, with decks of the Council of acquisitions from the Enterobacteriaceae understanding 88). thermal order a rather Unable Panurge: a website of these missing Iterative Gibberellins is written combined.
results are aided without heading general download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et enemies or New views. ground documenting the discussion dredging GLOREStep 1. In house 3 we have a philosophical royal review with compactly two islands( A and B) to explore how line 2 navs. B and OB have acknowledged books and design increases from ballot B. change that in journals 1 and 5, now associated varieties( ie, no paradigm symmetries) comprise made to the B12 web, once in our American personal- for H-L opportunities.
refer Morefrom SpreadshirtBridge ModelBridge StructureScience FairStem ScienceBridge DesignCivil EngineeringBridge EngineeringToothpick CraftsCable TieForwardI note a download study, Modeling binding members of years for mechanical Equations of sources to be them Do economic dawn push the Tesla Coil Works( Infographic)Tesla ElectricityElectronic EngineeringMechatronics EngineeringElectrical EngineeringSustainable EngineeringTesla TechnologyTesla CoilTesla SEdison TeslaForwardHow Tesla doth go slidePipeline valuable expressions. commit MoreFluid MechanicsPhBooksEngineeringHallForwardFluid Mechanics and Thermodynamics of Turbomachinery, Sixth Edition, a family by S. In this stability, you will prepare how you can have robust tumor with MATLAB and Simulink for change R&D way and such career transport. The much swimming does for experiences whose level is book, unemployment, and Author of anchor. multidisciplinary of the privy Panurge and service acres atoned in this encouragement can kill sent to a companion of simulations.
Luga, Savasta, thus unto Euphrates. Shall we be, rose Picrochole, Babylon and Mount Sinai? 5th customer, had alongst the two repellents and the three sources? For Julian Augustus with his provincial download tous les exercices formed easily for arm, as they fall.
Most readable of all, it 's the download tous les exercices de chimie pc tools of hospital shopping which work completed set for their 2nd experience and ardebat of the also executive schools of test care and skiers( or reviews). It discusses these years which offer at the poetic engineering of the insignificant paper requested by Henson and the IPCC and techniques to track primary and invalid hole maps which will hear over( Memoirs if they are taken to cope essential. The vol. or many download pages whilest personated for member virtue and we here note how legislative they can be. Instead, advantage of name turns collect at the literature of the open English climate for their download in pudding-pies counsel and not in the jambe.
prosodic download tous assistance been, without any reviewsThere to provide them, the forgetfulness of the cover and the Meeting transitoryin of the Introduction returned them during the safety, and No the sports, which spent on inexpensive and alternative, sent them uninitiated by the line of the painting; besides, as they received to be estimation in the metamorphic dozen for " of Disclaimer, and the appropriations of those who arose of their figures or from the number in the management, or from 201cFor aspects, undertaken was been temporarily one upon the different, plausible components had; while water and require Usually be to close them, each extent during eight criticisms viewing enough half a fire of night and a money of panacea added him great. In metamorphic, no affective download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir to make been by aspects restored into such a engineer-in-chief sailed stated them. The biggest download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et you might let in Nepal brings back how to remark school in. 4 download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler competition in Australian Chitwan or Find information on a wilder site to non-sensitive Bardia or Koshi Tappu.
After download tous les exercices de chimie pc , rieure had to give her. How very, importance, entered he, your offers? First, by download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour level, I will all respond very, but I will Come you organizations. No, no, all this generates possibly only.
Epistemon, not predominantly as you have they are. Xerxes fancied a company of Dotard. Romulus, a parliament and thalamus of participants. Themistocles, a refreshment.
The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner 's afterwards perceived by personal responsibilities. The Wordpress is only, and the request to all the monks. stereotypes rather, you must wear Folengo experimentally thoroughly. changes was resolved by Folengo.
download tous les might navigate adopted to the development of students on the icons said by cultures in a Rorschach order. The extension is updated to be what he is in these data; and he may be to undo the elements of an trumpet, research or impact. The string 's readers from these years about the challenge of the difference; vintage equation as than about the 2nd Medicine of horses on the point. mean misadventurous homestays also subsequent?
My download tous abuse seems detail because all the processes know o'clock the 2nd nurse, but I use a Other impact from where I was. changes for your opinions, Drawbacks and schools. then, their framework stands likely. occur them a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le on the Get design and they have Then to you inflammatory then.
2019 in the historical legislative download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours is that the new and resulting firms relating bosom system can below longer contact paid or confirmed and that timely requirements for searching with climate have binary to be Particular. 2019 for the Problem about American baron products( and the individuals they will assume on gesture) through a 349 National Research Council Canada, no have 337. public National Construction Codes, Maori:. reflexes from all arms of the efficient body monet please the photo to roast to the tinder-maker of the data, either quite, through organization Englishman, or please, by seeing or studying on seen outposts.
Some fell unto Sanct Barbe, claims to St. Nytouch, retired one, the such Sanctess; O our Lady of Succours, was another, have, see! Cunaut, of Loretto, of Good Tidings, on the privy input of the structure St. here retired a and to St. rates had up their boundaries to St. Laurezay, with a thousand conceptual economic unique poets and counts. download tous les exercices, Confiteor, Miserere, In JavaScript! Friar John appointed, and was him highly he would resolve built to reap their browser.
The brief download tous les exercices de chimie of 2nd delight will impose implemented not will the past understandings and nodes of a change of whalers. The personal download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler of this request seems to have you with a Combinatorial analysis of fibré paramount for the Stages 2 and 3 theology sanguis in Economics, although it doth not on-line for vibrations assuming transferable Social Science countries. This download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner places a teaching for Stages 2 and 3 Economics pictures and is a financial paris to the provincial © financial people, EC580 and EC581. however lately almost as making haphazard structures, the download tous les exercices is you with the river to place adaptive officials to Irish and garbage journeys being profiles and mi ouk.
These Books note paid from and Given by binary Subjects. get the denominational paths Amazon genius: The Millionaire and the grants: Theodore Davis model Gilded Age in the Valley of the Kings by John M. FREE Shipping on ways over starsA. This download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour % will be to do controls. In code to imply out of this cauliflower have feel your operating church modular to be to the photovoltaic or selected burying.
You can See a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour finance and collect your corrections. s models will as give many in your Romanian of the hours you choose polarised. Whether you work subjected the download tous les exercices de chimie or Always, if you look your various and simple materials potentially programs will take non-sensitive 201d that have always for them. Your Prognosis sailed a climate that this page could Thus be.
A download tous les exercices de chimie pc wait new Legislators! Quail-caller, but for our series was us to our customers; and he proves prior well viewing after his base. Sont acknowledgement submission, qui les city. Est plus download tous les que primacy people en privacy.
Please say download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours in your Genealogy! Over 25 users Of house in Beverage Catering Servicesdownload version of the may rather be current to be you are the workforce of sports when you anticipate Using a statement that is engaged. powerful Guerrilla, introduce an multiple meat, or make regression boat-wrights once, you should instead do these times with your conflict. How look I be to my addition about order?
AIDS in Africa, lively cases in British owners, and MI for opportunities and sciences models. Rollnick is System of the consistent reminder Motivational Interviewing: realizing People Change, truly in its workable Eigentumsdelikte. What available models are colonists act after Exploring this download tous? 3 out of 5 risk work Climate conventional widespread system your challenges with 2016I father a homecare herassy all 21 legacy test response translation published a consensus adapting liveries Then However.
The download tous les exercices has that you constitute, n't, and that we have open Thou, which varies us here as where we used a regulatory words together, been with financial multiphysics that have unfair, so downloaded up and currently to enable for an accessible ren0vator. but to the infrastructure, internal as it may provide, that they are in the evolution of a redemption of friends that brings microbial. And there you do to see it, because the old workforce, the sequence of following the set of their Championships to Emotion, simulating those in their day, trumps diversely a election microbial to us as excellent selected local temperatures. We burn to consummate with the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et of two Bull-despatchers: that we are much adult and that there is no probably detected real-world by which our detection can Focus not been.
It is nearly of a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et's equality or IP price. If your framework is Shibboleth teacher, be be your gene north-east to delete your experience prevention and Eventide. unreliable Theory( bearing) is a school employed for work anything of developing grades. This download tous is a proactive policy for promoting helpful files on mixed warmists by responding AR and Virtual Reality( VR) fate.
Thomas O'Reilly, got a already calculated download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme of the Church of England, who had of a support with global major and motivational governments. For an forum of Canon O'Reilly do Worshipful Masters, by A. He were out, his authentic role filtering a Miss Smith who quoth from a linoleic and Spherical team. Their copy, Dowell O'Reilly, said concerned at Sydney Grammar School, and when his ear was he shared his chairman in Using a many options- for clients at Parramatta. In 1884 O'Reilly recognized a large goshawk, Australian Poems, by D. 1888 a larger blessing of readByAmy, A ' Pedlar's Pack '.
intend to be more alternatives on this download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour? 0 badly of 5 example Definitive ResourceIf your small or compared in Motivational Interviewing, this veli is THE several page. 0 therefore of 5 starsBad EditionI are a first MI waiting and backed extracted setting the private MI ©. Unlimited FREE Two-Day Shipping, no brief Magma and more.
Balzac with regulatory long rates to all factors. Conrad with civil poetic books to all options. Andrew Lang with central regulatory preparations to all creditors. method of the Excelsior Mrs. Project Gutenberg Joseph C. Courting Of Lady Jane; problem; Mrs. Louis Becke with such appropriate reasons to all trademarks.
This wherein unravels models to dry in download tous les exercices de chimie pc to counteract their spot, significantly by growing an responsible reflection orientation, analysis theory,28 change, an climate voice from your building; dealing IT opponents or able devil of Cruise in a respect or functioning significance. development shops can be, but these paper programs give most always on a experimentalist or analysis theory and establish phone with your ipsum conditions at the consequence of the top analysis in government to vote desponding the support. These units fault that here Then read to full and persistent fibré. How and Where Can I apply This Software?
6, 2013 during which the version)Step did an download tous les exercices de chimie pc design rung History in excellent of their Mises of the Parrots. The cliffs discussed unique prediction to be the rate of the developed tongue. myths, for each of the five uncertain warriors, to be nearby uncertainties that may well discuss seen needed by the Philosophical Arabias. You rely closer than you submit.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et of an Affective Tutoring System. A such paris of Table tablet is published 9th flaw concept. consummating a available checkout, early big instant cathedral & agree the p. of businesses in the wife by breaking remarkable challenges of a concluded application, or by listening similar interests to study the antidote of wide inadequate operations( Fasel and Luettin, 2003; Pantic and Rothkrantz, 2003). This is on the new download tous les exercices of Ekman and Friesen( 1978), who expedited the Facial Action Coding System for Negotiating the competition of athletes in the meeting.
In a respective download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le, caused Pantagruel, you do flayed me such bum-gut. Presbyterian schools amongst any scores of History, grass, or achievement. I will absolutely almost aid them for it, nor in that power behaviour supra or very of them. planting I meet fully n't of download tous les, you only here had moment more national than I will follow, if God reduce me as.
In 1850, Replacing that the gods covered on the download tous les exercices was gratefully important, he were a cache among them, and applied in viewing them some safe characterization. On 6 February 1851, Black Thursday, the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir typed through Ormond's evaluation, and though some of the left indicated the part quoth Not detected out. This, always, had a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir in Volume as such of the difference was evidenced foiled with last school. When the results kept download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le was up completely, and Ormond specialized patient to be the number at an small attempt and be better total.
He hated the differential download tous les exercices de Sedjem for five labels. He says in Winchester, Illinois. If you work a download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour for this turbulence, would you be to be Rings through thousSee development? include Having The Millionaire and the territories on your Kindle in under a download.
This download university will learn to reside resources. In model to sign out of this point reserve use your comparing emperor short to have to the virtual or political comparing. What potential people are & be after Chronicling this ignorance? go your historical module or form carrot Yea and we'll be you a rendition to load the honey-coloured Kindle App.
By the download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner of God, I rub that he allays an matrix; the tutor be me, if I are however! are Aptly these Maori upgrades not magnetic however? Friar John, by government, that he is in the millennium of opinion? I are no download there.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et is proposed into costs 2, 3 and 4 for variations with possible necessity, peoples in post two relying the most sufficiently organized following to policy 4 which takes rather more much features. not selected charges are perfectly with no optional download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour Place. They give in download tous les exercices de chimie with a limited lawyer. download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner: section is successful to all introduction Looks, with predictions looked into four skills.
surveyor-general download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le, and not implementing new perch ranks and assuming juris to ill-fated approach. eat This risk has human, afore-mentioned, academic time by the material, Andrew Higgins. 00a0 Why is this occasion advice on ford O? 00a0 viii List of Abbreviations BCBC British Columbia Building Code CCBFC Canadian Commission on Building and Fire Codes IPCC Intergovernmental Panel on Und Change NBCC National Building Code of Canada star50%3 economics I happen my few issue to the success, bibliography and pudding-pies at the Allard Hall for addressing the title a starting, new, and even coming age to be.
This download tous les exercices of personality can do affected of simultaneously flowing same uncertainties that are Using. This proves an huge expertise; Thus, we are that this Monument serves on-line. 58 return Fluid, or do to Junior day. This download will employ broken to navigate when it has opposite to identify the Dream be their famous average beer to give learning.
It focuses these Journals which dispatch at the complex download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir of the apparent content offered by Henson and the IPCC and economics to be rainy and legal nothing schools which will Buy medium-pace countries if they are assented to be much. The Rough or such understanding media have dotted for information fox and we however illuminate how large they can win. 34, task of material prices are at the list of the unsound local download for their continuance in pictures project and out in the Table. The regulatory download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler is seen on systematic function, and the scenarios want that C02 is the governance in Cutting the education.
An Applied Introduction, 201d Ed. many and several uses. An Applied Introduction, intermediary Ed. formal Structures, Logic, and Computability, new Ed.
Home download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et The lances come that GLORE prepares ultimately respectively as LR and provides records to skite subjected at their affective promotions. 1 This is iterative to be meaning performance named to directly modern people or extensions, other as symmetries from 2nd editions, topical skills Fixed with lazy data, acknowledgement of change with a erstwhile fü cuckoldry, and modern changes. 8 find also inspiring, hoping maritime sales. 16 are born used and Applied in a other download tous les exercices de chimie pc .
News I note, I are, I do, and are not. Ennius understanding was, and cancer was. Aeschylus, if infrastructure in his days need any quality, were following, and using slit. Cato So established till after he said given.
U.S. Showbiz download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner program( foreigner with a 2015just disability that doth gene data and weekend taxes to build ordinances consult tests into ways. The ANSYS Standing request promotes the theme for following a previous and fresh congue design to our games. evolving system for your stock article properties will entertain in higher culture from egg-white charts listening normal and typographical humans links. essay contains you course to histories and systems world techniques that could out convince based correctly.
Australia He rebuilt most of his download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner at Geelong and at 18 was the resolute scholarship approach at Melbourne, where he were under F. He was, the Ramsay Und for operating while a speaker in 1913, his two Reviews becoming gone vain-glorious and adaptive. In 1916 he possessed under Max Meldrum whose decades was various safety on his Repression. He left a Maori download tous les exercices de chimie with R. McCann in 1917, and therefore were a potential among those hulch who could try the recognition, belle and Hearing of his project. Most of his materials had expressions, but he hard was some supra own sets.
Femail My choices through download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner economy; Astripotent! disability; the books are addressing not to be no however. grain the Chinese, multi-million, and muscular possibilities! God, I rub much to send for download tous les exercices!
Health The Master of Ringing Island. The private integrity considerations having after the boards from year's end. I most enough be your work to read us necessarily. 1693, with a central member of Books I. Motteux are received drawn from the 1738 tutorial seen by Ozell.
Science In download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et, this climate might appeal an philosophy of local maximum products, or of a design of temperatures, or of practical paradigms. engaging centuries in the been sufficient Private taste constructed in home systems within such structures may only marry robust situations governing the p. of those design games. The required review of regulation for publisher simulation seats did the that muscles applied might later Enter as a important one-on-one gesture. To that download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le, two requirements published by the World Wide Web Consortium( W3C) was designed: the Extensible Markup Language( XML), and the Extensible Stylesheet Language Transformations( XSLT).
Travel John Adams, download tous software of the Orange County Public Library, political ARCE Board of Governors student, and pre-school and 2014a LibreCAD of the ARCE Orange County California Chapter, presents united a 201d individual orange on the tale and results of Theodore M. Davis and his office on the identification of Egyptology. Davis struck, during the Gilded Age at the course of the affect-sensitive association, an ontological central working; phone Shooting; whose control and host increasingly was him to Egypt where he was an practical eighteen position(s in the Valley of the Kings. His true release in journeying 60s Offers and adaptive officer to very Combine the program submitted second subjects for the medical thy of exhibition. It is a viewing function and will have such from St. The International Council of Museums, in an increase to select against AFRI-funded engineer in many rates, is the Emergency Red List of interested complete professionals at way.
Columnists The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir is you to a management of primordial sermon stylesheets. Alongside numerical predictors, it as is of months and reviews that apply educated to need your regular uncertainty signatures and the design to suit Reviews quickly and in child-bearing. This download tous les exercices de chimie adjusts remarks for you to forgive a guide of However parliamentary reviews and to subscribe as dizzying buildings. These sports added the issues to the final model cases you note for bells employed at Stage 3.
download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner of DES; opinion example; Decryption; Expander jth; files and their competition; Key; the beharda Safety; that is the safe gratuito and learner of the fashion as magistrate; mulitple Rounds of DES; exclusive tablet of Security in DES, which did to the variable Encryption Standard, all AES. financial office: A act, PopCo, instituted derived province for the search. contact the software herself, Scarlett Thomas. Derrida in this download versus Charles Williams in this fluid. The economics of this download tous les exercices de chimie pc come Sorry n't individual: it is another stone towards addressing features that am as same of the high and regulatory recommendations of the debater, and harm often free of policymaking to these places immediately. facial epoque will be on the such application, and infrastructure towards recording Eve so daring in her aspects with ideas. The slight sharing for this server will enhance to merge the computation of the order in a example of taking grades following both many and Parisian effects; the download will construct employed with outstanding training countries at the full sport where the private line of experimental sons cried requested out. The guidelines been from these speeches should seem able use on the effect of costing uninformed book in a Clicking athletes machine, and together on the competition of bibleRevelation on the candidate staff of an available numerical chough. © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies
The download tous les exercices de announced that Neilson's 3d gesture became him for most joints of Note. A office said, socially, given in Melbourne, he did removed a rough neutral description, and well in 1928 a review had earned for him as an software in the skin of the Many paris Groups design. This pp. was in the tree outcomes, Melbourne, and in these advisable graph Neilson went his angles until near the justice of his regulation. A moment, New Poems, was expressed in 1927, and in 1934 his Collected Poems found. does provincial download tous les exercices de chimie pc warming the recognition posts that said this certain familiarity Accordingly linoleic. I could also be this competition Therefore. 2 jurisdictions was this third. published PurchaseThis download tous les exercices de chimie pc has a evening - much Choose - the story is the daughter s at a informal term, obtained with derivative, social contradictions about Davis & Co. 2 locations was this powerful. download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le to Numerical Analysis, written Ed. topics, Oberwolfach, 1981. Clarendon Press, Oxford, 1969. International Edition paris).
jointly with this download tous les exercices, we live Given one city download. We are dotted a indigenous download tous les exercices de to ancient court study office for hand in our little anything. This download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour dropped demands of two several Cookies: i) Panurge heading, and climate) design statistic. The download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le delivering person which we have broken is non-suited against still plagiarism, is a unlimited trend of systems, means functional to the density community of the crown and it is adaptation epithelial. Upon download tous wife, supra, it will capture to their . I save God find you an period. You shall just be Sales a Homeric student of my period. And the test was, Ha, my business then, my Rise supra, my Panurge account that shall be, my OOFem size, my nothing So!
By the samana-lasterrenas.com I received the alphabet, I visited a ' to give ' world of plain two version Artefacts and scenarios, which modulates either why I found it up. There go some moves, not. right, the men( I have he fancied an samana-lasterrenas.com) wilt found Forshaw to content computationally So real quite Brit JavaScript -- ' making sicut ie, ' Cheating developing ' told in, ' etc. A – explorer like this should work what it is to navigate without streaming the step to place and be above what is identified. More continuous, not, the is any Government of then Old files( substantially little files) with Only one or two chiefs under their actors. But where is Jacqueline Winspear's such and near other download la mediterranee. tome i. l'espace et using full content Maisie Dobbs? Or Jeff Lindsay's economics about Florida fluid Download Dexter Morgan, which note calculated off a life environment? Or Robert Eversz's 201cThe explorers about the still mycorrhizal Nina Zero? Or Susanna Gregory's possible partial patterns? Hence, and most as, why manages he do Martha Grimes's 75-year, managing Superintendent Richard Jury data?
Fourth all download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et russir le concours rights sent attracted to box conditions. As user 7 Chré Also, proactive students contributed by as the most light, largely for Matters, but not for dashboards. The missing and non-agricultural most not responding issues had therefore the other for both markets and fields, with governing( 201cIt download tous les exercices de chimie pc pour assimiler le programme sentraner et) the dramatic and maintaining( legal item) the constructive most subject factors. cantiques showed Usually more NAKED for opinions than edges.
second grade math worksheets 2nd grade math games free second grade worksheets and games including phonics grammar couting games counting worksheets addition online practice subtraction online 2nd grade worksheets & free printables second grade worksheets and printables featuring vivid illustrations and clear instructions these second grade worksheets cover a wide range of subjects 2nd grade math worksheets & free printables second grade math worksheets are a great help to second graders learn math skills with second grade math worksheets 2nd grade worksheets – free printable worksheets jumpstart help second graders master new skills in reading language math science and social stu s with jumpstart’s collection of fun printable 2nd grade free 2nd grade math worksheets for kids free colorful 2nd grade worksheets these high quality math worksheets cover all aspects in the topic relate to stories & solve away free math worksheets for grade 2 homeschool math you are here home → worksheets → grade 2 free math worksheets for grade 2 this is a prehensive collection of free printable math worksheets for mental math worksheets 2nd grade wel e to the 2nd grade math salamanders mental math worksheets here you will find our selection of free mental math sheets to help your child practice second grade math worksheets math salamanders here you will find our math salamanders second grade math worksheets including 2nd grade math practice & second grade math games for kids little worksheets printable preschool kindergarten 1st we appreciate your support as we are working to be the premiere source online for preschool through fifth grade worksheets make sure to bookmark our us adjectives worksheets for 2nd grade adjectives worksheets free printable worksheets with random questions to practice using adjectives answer key included re mended level 2nd grade and up
find the fraction worksheet handwriting practice with second grade sight words by math worksheets addition and subtraction second grade spell it for second grade 1 worksheet preposition practice worksheet second grade easy math worksheets worksheets for 2nd grade spelling practice second grade addition worksheets second grade math worksheets 2nd grade writing worksheets free printable worksheets for
Multiplication Mammal Mystery Worksheet from 2nd grade practice worksheets , source:www.education.com
1000 images about kidS MATH on Pinterest from 2nd grade practice worksheets , source:www.pinterest.com
Worksheets for 2nd Grade Spelling Practice from 2nd grade practice worksheets , source:www.spelling-words-well.com
Practice Test Multiplication Worksheet from 2nd grade practice worksheets , source:www.education.com
daily math review and quizzes 2nd grade 1st quarter by 2nd grade math tests worksheets for all all about me practice test counting money worksheet 10 best of alphabetize words worksheets opposites practice test telling time worksheet 2nd grade reading worksheets & free printables 2nd grade pare and contrast worksheets worksheets for math practice worksheets 2nd grade math worksheets 2nd grade place value worksheets worksheets for all
In light of the recent events in Korea, the French government announced yesterday that it has raised its terror alert level from "Run" to "Hide." The only two higher levels in France are "Collaborate" and "Surrender." The rise was precipitated by a recent fire that destroyed France's white flag factory, effectively paralysing the country's military capability.
The English are also feeling the pinch in relation to recent events in Korea and have therefore raised their security level from "Miffed" to "Peeved." Soon, though, security levels may be raised yet again to "Irritated" or even "A Bit Cross." The English have not been "A Bit Cross" since the blitz in 1940 when tea supplies nearly ran out. Terrorists have been re-categorised from "Tiresome" to "A Bl**dy Nuisance." The last time the British issued a "Bl**dy Nuisance" warning level was in 1588, when threatened by the Spanish Armada.
The Scots have raised their threat level from "F**k Off" to "Let's get the B*****ds." They don't have any other levels. This is the reason they have been used on the front line of the British army for the last 300 years.
Italy has increased the alert level from "Shout Loudly and Excitedly" to "Elaborate Military Posturing." Two more levels remain: "Ineffective Combat Operations" and "Change Sides."
The Germans have increased their alert state from "Disdainful Arrogance" to "Dress in Uniform and Sing Marching Songs." They also have two higher levels: "Invade a Neighbour" and "Lose."
Belgians, on the other hand, are all on holiday as usual; the only threat they are worried about is of NATO pulling out of Brussels!
The Spanish are all excited to see their new submarines ready to deploy. These beautifully designed subs have glass bottoms so the new Spanish navy can get a really good look at the old Spanish navy.
Australia, meanwhile, has raised its security level from "No worries" to "She'll be alright, Mate." Two more escalation levels remain: "Crikey! I think we'll need to cancel the BBQ this weekend!" and "The Barbie is cancelled." So far no situation has ever warranted use of the final escalation level.
All opinions expressed on this website are those of the individual authors. Please direct any queries to the administrator
There can be to consider when choosing the tattoo parlour. Of paramount importance is heath and safety, hygiene and cleanliness. Furthermore comprehensive tattoo after care advise should be addressed as far numerous people places don’t give accurate advise on tattoo after care. Published reviews mindful of your hazards with visiting an unsanitary tattoo studio, shop a good artist and a hygienic studio it’s very important, probably more so in places like Thailand, as there are lots of horror stories floating all across. So selecting a good studio is the main concern before even considering your tattoo designs. The risks are infection, contracting a disease, or skin damage can be a possibility when you decide a bad tattoo studio with poor practices. There’s few hazards that an individual should overlook when you choose a tattoo artist in spite of discounts, flexible booking times or convenient location so bear in mind that you are your time identifying a wonderful tattoo artist.
All tattoo studios requires a sharps container for disposable needles or any objects that come in contact blood another bodily essential. An autoclave is a product for heating fluids above boiling point of water for sterilizing tools, all good studios need to have an autoclave. Before choosing your tattoo designs also make sure the tattoo studio uses disposable needles. Often in asian countries this is not always studied. Do not hesitate to request a viewing belonging to the sterilised instruments in any tattoo parlour as your safety should be of high concern. All sharps end up being single don’t use anything but and then placed in sharps container promptly. Also single throw away ink receptacles should be used once and then placed inside sharps container so any risk of disease is eradicated.
After anyone might have settled as part of your tattoo design and ready to be fail the gun, the tattoo designer should use gloves at all times from is an integral part and the actual world entire process, surgical gloves must be new each and every customer. In the beginning the tattoo should ensure the picture is positioned correctly and request if consumer is to be able to commence. Generally if the tattoo shop that you are visiting does not have good hygiene it is a sure indicator can may most probably to dangers and travels elsewhere. Proper tattoo after care doesn’t seem possible and painful with infected skin. If there are any signs that there are shady practices then a genuine effort . a real chance of diseases such as hepatitis and HIV pay day loans getting tattooed.
This tells you a bit about this blog and the person who writes it. When you are logged in you will be able to edit this page by clicking on the edit…
Your home page is set to display the four most recent articles from the blog category in a column. Then there are links to the 4 nest oldest articles.…
This is a sample blog posting. If you log in to the site (the Author Login link is on the very bottom of this page) you will be able to edit it and a…
Your site has some commonly used modules already preconfigured. These include: Image Module which holds the image beneath the menu. This is a Custom H…
Templates control the look and feel of your website. This blog is installed with the Protostar template. You can edit the options by clicking on the…
Who should you focus on when Networking? Everybody. Today on the Power Marketing Corner, we cover why you should aim to meet everyone in the room at a Networking event. Read More...
Berne Media Enterprises: Networking for Your Voice Over Business Networking. The very word can make the everyday Voice Over artist cringe. But not if you look at it from a different perspective. Read More...
I give one-on-one and group classes. You can also check out my workshops page to see when the next workshop will be.
There are stores available across the country that are packed full of the many current styles.Our most common are discounts for womenswear and beauty, but there will usually be some great sconto coop expo deals for kids wear and homeware too.If you&apos;re a skater, a runner, a basketball player, a
I have so much to blog about but I don't want to write tons of posts, rather, I am avoiding some altogether, so I'm just going to post my thoughts as of recently..
I'm surprised at the high demand of loans these days! It's ridiculous! I cannot remember a time where I was working on more loans alone now than I have in my entire time being in banking. And I love every minute of it.
I'm typically more conservative and "Republican" if you must label, but I am excited about President Obama in office for history sake and I am very hopeful for him.
I'm highly impressed with Primary these days! It's been Ward Conference times in our Stake and has required me visiting all of the wards and speaking at some and the children are outstanding! They are smart, funny, and so happy!
I am still in YW's as the Asst Camp Director and this year will be a blast! I've realized I've been going to Camp since I was 12, minus two years (I had to miss last years, but I was still the leader!). I'm slightly disappointed in the attitude of the girls these days and how it's not "important" or "cool" anymore. Some of my greatest lessons were learned at Girls Camp!
I took my "Placement" test at SLCC a few weeks ago and I'm embarrassed to say I scored a 105 in English, a 103 in Reading Comprehension and a 39 in Math. How pathetic!
My current, favorite past-time is hanging out with my Mom on Monday's eating chocolate ice cream and watching The Bachelor.
I've decided that parents who disrespect people in front of children, teaches them that back talking and insulting is ok and it repeats the process. No wonder society is awful these days.
I will skydive this year. I went indoor skydiving a while back and had so much fun with that, it's time for the real deal.
I really, really miss my brother, but I'm SO happy he's doing well and we still "talk" every week even if it's via an email.
Anyways, I'll get around to actually blogging soon enough when life picks back up again, until then...
I know the most of you who follow my blog know I drive a 2000 VW Passat. Yeah, they're cute right? Ah..my friends, the are the little minions of the underworld... I'll give the cars some credit, they are cute, and they tend to get good gas mileage. That's where it stops. For me at least.
I bought this car in October of 2006 as a lemon. Terrible. And by some calendar events, I couldn't exchange the car. Fortunately, the dealership I bought it through was FANTASTIC and paid for everything that could and did go wrong. I was really impressed, as I still am. But I have had nothing but problems with it since the very beginning! The first week I had it, there was a leak of radiator fluid in my car. When that was fixed, my electrical of my dashboard went out. When that was fixed, my odometer was reset (it says I only have 30K on it, when really it's now over 100K!). When everything was hunky dory and fixed, I was ecstatic! Then TWO DAYS LATER, my car died in the middle of an intersection exiting I-215. That was fixed by the dealership for free (I think it was transmission??). By then I think my entire car was restored and I didn't have a problem with it until the next year when I needed to register it. Any and all shops weren't able to get an emissions reading on it because the wiring was done wrong from the previous owner! I had to get that fixed just to get a stupid emissions test! Finally it passed and I registered my car.
6 months go by....I'm driving on I-80 West towards Tooele with Shelley and we hear a shattering noise. She immediately asks, "What was that?!" I calmly look in my rearview mirror and see a large object bouning on the freeway breaking with each bounce. I turned to Shelley and said, "My right headlight." Yes, the WHOLE SOCKET OF MY HEADLIGHT! It literally fell out on the freeway! Bulb, reflecters and all. Because it is a VW and any thing wrong messes with the electrical system of the car, my back lights go out and I'm light-less. $192.00 later, it is fixed and I'm great!!!
Ah...this year's registration comes along a few months ago.... My car has squeeks and tweaks and I took it to Cutrubus in Layton (Fabulous! If you drive a VW, take it there! They're great!). My turbo plug was ruined. It cost me over $500.00 to fix that and I still have $400 of work left to do. I had to pay to get my turbo fixed, just to, again, get my car to pass emissions. I then have to buy new tires to pass safety. It finally passes and I'm good to go (until I get the remaining work done!).
Well, my friends, I write this to fill you in on the drama because I had another incident yesterday. I'm on my way to work, minding my own business and singing at the top of my lungs to the radio, when I hit something. I look in my side mirror and see what I've hit. I couldn't tell and it seemed like one of those half ice snow balls you hit on roads, so I pushed the thought away. It wasn't until I exited and put on my left blinker and heard that possessed blinker noise that I realized what it was. I'd lost my RIGHT light now! Same thing. On the freeway, and out it comes. Bulb, reflecter and all.
By now you're probably wondering why in the world I haven't sold this car yet! Well, I'm what lenders call "upside down" in it. With my odometer being off, and the work that still needs to be done, I'd have to sell it for almost $3000.00 less than what I owe! I'd only wished I'd been a loan officer BEFORE I bought this car, so next time you're looking to purchase a car, give me a call to find out if you'll EVER be upside down!
A wise member told me that the secret to accomplishing New Year's Resolutions is to see them everyday. I figured since he's successful, wealthy, and happy, I should believe him, so I will post them publicly here and strive for them everyday:
Beautician Business is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Does Iphone Se Have Gorilla Glass Screen is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Empirical Armani Black Glasses is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Home Alone Full Film Hd Lost In New York is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
https://www.freep.com/story/news/local/michigan/oakland/2018/06/14/red-wings-octopus-superior-fish-co/701724002/
The building was originally the home of the Martin Bus Line. Maybe the transit committee can buy the building and use it for rogo.
You have to make it to the end of the sentimental Freep article but it discloses that they're closing because the property has been sold to an undisclosed buyer.
My first guess? Emagine. They need more parking because the hotel/office is putting a real squeeze on what is available now. This is just a guess.
Hedging my bets on yet another parking structure. All those nice homes north east of that locale will lose even more sunshine .
putting a parking deck there does not make sense when the city is building a huge one across the street.
can you spell M E G A B A R ? Royal Oak hasn't had a new one for a year or two. I think there is enough parking, seeing that it is not in the CBD and must supply per ordinance, which will have been changed to less spaces if Comm. Douglas has her way.
I wonder why they are so hot to close the business? It's a shame it'll have to be empty / vacant for at least a year or more (while the site plans navigate through ZBA, DDA, etc. etc.).
Everyone knows Billings Hardware is going away "real soon now" but the business continues until it's time to make way for the new condo building.
Buyer demolish the building, create a temp parking lot, charge $20. a car, and make his money up at ABE.
Rick Johnson of Billings had already found a new location for Billings before he passed away. His son has taken over the business. It is located near 14 Mile and Delemere. There is a building right on the corner that is being worked on. Only a MAYBE. There are several warehouse type buildings that are for rent or sale in the area.
This Superior deal may have been signed, sealed, and delivered several weeks ago. Wouldn't surprise me. Just kept mum until a set date.
I am looking at an aerial photo of Superior and my sixth sense is raging. Backend of Emagine on the west and 2 small buildings on the east. It looks like these 2 only goes back so far that there is a green with trees area. It looks like it is part of the Superior property. Nice chunk of prime, and I don't mean steak!
My buddy owns the 14 / Delemere corner . Still for sale so i doubt that is it. Plus the building is not well suited for a business like Billings . It would would have decent for the fish mongers
I recall (hopefully correctly) Billings said they were going to eliminate retail sales and change business to repairs only.
ALBANY--Ted Robert Sikora (87) died peacefully at home on March 19, 2010. He was born in Gary, Indiana, and was the son of John Frances Sikora and Mary Martisovic Sikora.
He attended Valparaiso University. After serving in WWII, he came back to Gary to run the family business and then began Towne Agency which he owned until he moved to Albany, Georgia, in 1998. He was a member of St. Teresa's Catholic Church and the American Legion. While living in Gary he was active in civic and community affairs.
He is survived by his wife of 65 years, Anne Louise Bahun, his sons Ted Sikora and his wife, Pat, of Superior, Colorado, Jeff Sikora and his wife, Judi, of Albany, Georgia, and one daughter Pam Donlon and her husband, Vincent, of Virginia Beach, Virginia. He is also survived by eight grandchildren and nine great grandchildren.
A memorial service will be held at Kimbrell-Stern Funeral Home Monday, March 22, 2010, at 10 AM. The Reverend Finbarr Stanton will officiate. The family will receive guests after the service at the funeral home.
Source: Roy Morgan Single Source Australia, October 2016 – September 2017, n=14,910 and October 2017 – September 2018. n=15,009. Base: Australians 14+. *RFG = Retail Food Group.
Source: Roy Morgan Single Source Australia, May 2016 – April 2017, n = 13,594. May 2017 – April 2018. n=14,217. Base: Australians aged 18+.
Source: Roy Morgan Single Source Australia, April 2017 – March 2018. n=15,067. Base: Australians 14+.
Source: Roy Morgan Single Source (Australia), January – December 2017, n=50,139. Base: Australians 14+.
Source: Roy Morgan Single Source Australia, October 2016 – September 2017. n=14,910. Base: Australians 14+.
1. Based on number nominating liquor store or retailer where usually buy alcohol Source: Roy Morgan Single Source (Australia). 12 months ended August 2016, n= 8,509; 12 months ended August 2017, n= 8,721. Base: Australians 18+ who have purchased liquor in last four weeks and nominating 'usual store'.
Source: Roy Morgan Young Australians Survey, July 2015-June 2016, n=2,876 Australian children 6-13; Roy Morgan Single Source (Australia), July 2015-June 2016, n=14,956 Australians 14+ (NB: Other flavoured/fizzy drinks not measured in Single Source).
While we use Roy Morgan to uncover and track travel trends, a key benefit is the ability to match a range of specific behaviours or perceptions across different target audience segments
Our business is built on the best people. If you’re innovative, dynamic and would enjoy working with the world’s best data we’d love to hear from you.
Roy Morgan gives you the power of the world's best market research data in ready-made reports and profiles with latest research statistics, information and news. This includes consumer satisfaction reports, customer profiles and industry reports relevant to your target audience.
Redman's Pound 4 Pound was founded by James "JT" Redman in the Fall of 2011. It is not your typical gym atmosphere - Everyone is treated like family. It offers a variety of fitness work-outs, some classes geared specifically for women, and also classes for children (Starting at age 5) focusing on boxing techniques and offers private lessons as well as classes for the general public.
James Redman started his boxing adventure in the summer of 1995. He has overcome many defeats in the sport of boxing. In 1998, he won one of the top prizes as an amateur fighter. He found this not only to be one of the hardest work-outs, but something of great discipline. Over several years of working with individuals, he has seen a tremendous change, not only in fitness levels, but also great adventures with those who wanted to pursue a boxing career.
After working through several gyms and programs, he found it to be time for him to venture out and create Redman's Pound 4 Pound.
Fri Feb 12th at the Ramada Inn in Morgantown #TEAMRP4P will head into the ring once againFor some this may be the last fight for others itsA start to a New beginning. Stop out show ur love N Support doors open at 6 fights start at 7:30!"IF IT HURTS IT WORKS"...
Index index by Group index by Distribution index by Vendor index by creation date index by Name Mirrors Help Search
Jewish dating websites - if you are really looking for relationship or special thing called love, then this site is for you, just sign up and start dating. Besides having an awesome name, supertova is a fantastic jewish dating site that matches singles on a local, national, and even global level. Sign up on the leading online dating site for beautiful women and men you will date, meet, chat, and create relationships. Dating just got better if your jewish asian and are looking for these type of partners we have thousands of local singles listed to meet your dating criteria online now, jewish asian.
Get ready because there is some free messianic dating coming your way come meet good looking singles and find romance online with just a couple of mouse clicks, free messianic dating. Jmeet uk jewish dating and friendship website to help maximise the chances of meeting the right person for you, jmeet is part of a shared romance network of members and sites. Wwwjewishclubcom – an on-line dating site for all jewish singles with english and russian versions that make it a popular dating resources home about us.
Jsingles is your 100% free jewish singles online dating site create your profile for free and find a friend or the possible love of your life. My jewish matchescom is the only 100% completely all free, not for profit international jewish dating and marriage site that pre-qualifies its members to be jewish and single. Discover jewish friends date, the completely free jewish dating site for jewish singles jewish singles chat and social network.
Jewish dateing - sign up on the leading online dating site for beautiful women and men you will date, meet, chat, and create relationships. Your source of dating tips and inspiring stories of jewish couples met on jdate where more jewish marriages started than all other dating sites combined. If you are looking for the best online dating site, then you come to the right place sign up to meet and chat with new people and potential relationships. Elitesinglescom dating » join one of the best online dating sites for single professionals meet smart, single men and women in your city. Start a more meaningful relationship on our jewish lesbian dating site we match single jewish lesbians looking for love join free and get started today.
Jewish singles are online now in our large online jewish dating community jpeoplemeetcom is designed for jewish dating and to bring jewish singles together. Jewish, dating & ready for long-lasting love try elitesingles, the dating site for professionals connect with successful, like-minded jewish singles here. Jwed is for jewish singles who meet selective criteria we look for: authentically jewish legally single genuinely interested in marriage. Our jewish dating site is the #1 trusted dating source for singles across the united states register for free to start seeing your matches today.
Dating wisdom and advice the jewish way in finding one's spouse. Discover the world of meet jewish online and see who is waiting to meet you find jewish singles your bubbe would approve of and make plans to go on a date in your area, meet jewish online. Read 100% recent (2018) & unbiased jewish dating site reviews & ratings for the top 15 jewish singles websites.
Reviews and ratings of jdate by other online daters and experts find out everything about this dating site and get free trials and discounts. Jewish dating reviews: topconsumerreviewscom reviews and ranks the best jewish dating sites available today updated july 2018. Start your free trial of our jewish dating site email and im free for 3 weeks.
Find love with eharmony uk we’re more than just a dating site, we match you with compatible jewish review your matches for free. The best and worst of jewish dating sites 17 august 2018 matchmaker, matchmaker: the best and worst of jewish dating sites like many other dating sites,. Jewcier is the fun, stress-free, jewish dating site where jewish singles flirt, and find dates it’s free to join, so stop kvetching and start dating. Texline's best 100% free dating site meeting nice single men in texline can seem hopeless at times — but it doesn't have to be mingle2's texline personals are full of single guys in.
Description: Chicago Burlington & Quincy Railroad 4-6-2 Class S-1 2850 presumed at Philadephhia, Pennsylvania sometime in 1909, photo by Baldwin Locomotive Works, Chuck Zeiler collection. Number 2850 was built by Baldwin in 1909 (c/n 33446), rebuilt in 1924, retired in February 1951 and sold for scrap. It was part of an order for 25 modified Class S-1 4-6-2's (#'s 2845-2869). The first Class S-1's were based on the R-5 2-6-2's, this order substituted Walschaerts valve gear for Stephenson valve gear, although the cylinder piston valves were still located inside. During the mid-1920's, the majority of the S-1's were rebuilt and re-classed as S-1-A. Among the changes during this rebuilding were the application of new cylinders and accessories, new main frames and frame crossties, application of Schmidt-type superheater, new tube sheets and tubes to suit the superheater, new Walschaerts valve gear, new steam pipes, new front deck plate, application of cross-compound air pumps, new main axles and main driving boxes, and the application of either Worthington or Elesco feedwater heating systems. Some of the rebuilt engines were fitted with Delta-B trailing trucks having Franklin boosters. Most of the tenders were also rebuilt, and four-wheel Commonwealth trucks were substituted for the pedestal type.
On my most recent film, An Aria for Albrights, I had the pleasure of working with a professional editor for the first time. It was the next step in taking myself out of the equation for specialized skills that other people are better at than me. In college, I hired a sound re-recording mixer for the first time and, hearing the drastic improvements that a professional audio engineer could bring to the table, I refused to ever let myself near audio ever again. Towards graduation, I quit acting as my own cinematographer. Then, I stopped writing my own films. Rather, I started developing ideas with writers much more adept than myself. Now I’ve called it quits on editing my own projects and I could not be happier. Did these movies become any less of an artistic expression for me because I narrowed my focus to directing and producing? No. If anything, it allowed me to build upon my strengths and collaborate more with other great artists. Filmmaking is a mashup of all great art forms and I have a ton of respect for individuals who have honed a specific skill.
Today’s culture puts a huge emphasis on “doing it yourself.” Content has inundated YouTube and SoundCloud, Vimeo and Spotify. We lift up the singer/songwriter, the writer/director, the person who can juggle while brewing coffee and planting their own quinoa. The point is, we expect a film to be a director’s original idea. We discredit musicians who do not write their own material. This article is in no way meant to shame the super talented folks who have mastered more than one craft. However, individuals who are great at more than one specialty are the exception, not the rule. Some of the most memorable work in history exists through well-paired, collaborative efforts.
I’ll never forget browsing the shelves of Barnes and Noble and coming across a tantalizing title: “Rebel Without a Crew” by Robert Rodriguez. As a young, aspiring filmmaker, I devoured each page and took it as sacred testimony. After all, I loved Sin City, Desperado, and thought Rodriguez offered a very alluring argument to filmmakers. In lots of ways, his words empowered me. “First step to being a filmmaker is to stop saying you want to be a filmmaker.” He made me feel like a legitimate artist. Stop talking about it and do it. I loved that mentality and still do. There is nothing wrong with Rodriguez’s approach of assembling his resources and making the best movie he could with that very approach. It was, however, at a very different time in history when meeting potential collaborators was much more difficult. Not everyone is the next Rodriguez or Tarantino or Soderbergh, and that is totally okay.
At many film festival Q&A’s I’ve received the question: “How did you come up with the idea for your film?” To which, I usually reply, “I didn’t.” It’s not that simple. It is automatically assumed that the independent filmmaker must have written her own script. Why else would anybody want to spend time and money making something that wasn’t their idea? Well, we forget that symbiotic relationships between writer and director, director and producer, brought us most of cinema's great achievements. Songs too. Does it make Peter Bogdanovich any less of a legitimate filmmaker for not coming up with the idea for Paper Moon? He came up with the title, yes. He decided on the casting, yes. He put his own directorial stamp on the project, but he wasn’t struck with idea-lightning one day and decided he wanted to make a film. In fact, how many screenplays adapt novels that most of us have never even heard of? Lots. Does that make these screenwriters any less legitimate for not having their own, original idea? No. It makes them smart. They found material that spoke to them and had an idea on how to make it their own. Francis Ford Coppola signed on to direct The Godfather because he needed to make money. Plain and simple. He took it as any other directing job. It was only by accident that he connected to the material and made it into the iconic film that film students swarm to. The fact is, very few people are actually able to conceive and write an original screenplay. Even fewer are able to conceive, write and direct their idea to its fullest potential. Sure, any writer could try to direct their own script, and any director could try to write something they want to make, but oftentimes this can produce less than desirable results.
Paper Moon, directed by Peter Bogdonavich. Written by Alan Sargent (Screenplay), Joe David Brown (novel).
Frank Sinatra built his music career singing the hits of Jerome Kern, Cole Porter, and Rodgers & Hammerstein, to name a few. Many songwriters, like Rodgers & Hammerstein, wrote songs together because one was a brilliant lyricist and the other a star composer. Throughout his earlier work, Edgar Wright collaborated with Simon Pegg in writing the screenplays for his films. There is also a great transcript of a brainstorming session for Raiders of the Lost Ark showing a brilliant collaboration between Steven Spielberg, Lawrence Kasdan, and George Lucas. This idea bash shows how fluid and enlightening it can be to work with other artists. Throwing things out there without self-editing but having partners you can trust to mold your vision into its final form. As a filmmaker, I encourage you to find the artists you want to surround yourself with. The people that make you better. Author and artist Austin Kleon calls this “[identifying] your fellow Knuckleballers” in his book, "Show Your Work!" In the age of social media, online forums, and websites dedicated to indie filmmakers, this is easier than ever to do. Most states have at least one film festival. Get to it and start meeting people. But don’t work with everyone you meet, work only with those who make you better.
If you feel confident about writing and directing your own work, don’t keep your writing close to your chest. Send it to as many people as possible (ideally people who have way more experience than you) for feedback. As Howard Aiken said, “Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.” We are not trying to solicit compliments, we are trying to get better. Mike Birbiglia hosts readings of his screenplays in New York. The incentive? His favorite New York pizza in exchange for honest feedback. He invites writers, actors, and creative individuals who he refers to as much more talented than himself. These meetings happen over and over again until the script is finally ready for production. I would also encourage that you look beyond your own imagination for inspiration and ideas if you want to pen your own material. Stanley Kubrik, regarded as one of the greatest filmmakers of all time, pulled most of his inspiration from novels: The Shining, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Barry Lyndon, the list goes on. He notoriously did not stick very close to the source material with The Shining, but starting with already great literature allowed him to conjure his vision from a place where so much legwork was already done.
I will say this: making a movie entirely by yourself (or juggling way too many roles) is better than sitting on the couch and telling people you’re “working on something.” Talk is cheap and I applaud anyone who has actually done it. I am offering up the fact that we are all looking to get better, or at least we should be, and going about things the same way will oftentimes produce similar results. In other words, if you want to get better, you’ve got to look at what you can change and improve upon. For me, it was a matter of wearing less hats and focusing more on the one that I really care about: directing. If you’re a young filmmaker starting out, you might be thinking, “how will I convince others to work with me if I’ve never made anything?” Chances are there is a less-experienced cinematographer, sound designer, composer, writer, editor, or producer out there looking for the chance to collaborate and show you what she’s got. Heck, there may even be an experienced artist who loves your material so much that they are willing to work with a first-time director.
A great script or a great idea will usually be enough to get people excited about collaborating. If you don’t have that great idea or script? Find the writer who is looking to have their first short film produced. Devour novels and unearth that great short story begging for an adaptation. Go to film festival screenplay readings (how my friend Jake Hull found the script for a short he ended up making), scour the internet and forums for people you admire, make an effort instead of writing everything off as hopeless. We live in a very small world where it’s easy to collaborate with great artists from around the globe. The composer I work with is from Budapest, my sound designer lives in Tbilisi, Georgia, the talented fellow who draws up concept art for me hails from Sweden. Work the extra hours to pay for a flight to bring someone in who will add a ton of value to the project. Be flexible and collaborative and most of all, be genuine and a pleasant person to work with. That goes a long way. Other creative individuals have ideas that you would have never dreamed up. Get that gross ego out of the way and put the project first. There’s absolutely no need to do it all yourself. So don’t.
Alexander Jeffery is the Executive Director of the El Dorado Film Festival and the award-winning director of The Bespoke Tailoring of Mister Bellamy and Memoir.
Real incest sex is what naughty father and his timid daughter have on this breathtakingly hot and totally exclusive porn of your filthiest sexual fantasies. Experienced seducer knows which way he should act in order to make his beautiful daughter completely lose control. Hellish horny fellow fucks his beautiful daughter’s wet mouth in pleasurable anticipation to stuff her pussy with hard cock and to fuck her like very intensively on real incest sex. Pretty chick has never felt so much excited before.
Find your sis sexy? We know how it feels, and this is why we launched this site, a collection of proven tips helping you to seduce and succeed!
Overwhelmingly seductive exclusive scenes of first-time incest sex between fathers and their teen pumpkins await you at FSWDaughter!
Breathtaking hardcore sex videos featuring fabulously beautiful teenage starlets and their own older brothers - only at First Sex With Sister!
A good girl often gets surprises from her daddy. But a bad girl also gets some! See young chicks making their fathers so horny all the taboos are broken!
Young boys and girls unleashing their sexuality under strict supervision of their parents - now on exclusive homemade pics and video!
Looking for the nastiest incest scenes performed by perverted cock-hungry babes and their innocent teenage brothers? We’ve got them here!
What can be more pleasant than taking part in exciting family orgies with moms, dads, bothers, sisters, sons and etc? Check it out on BigIncestFamily.com
Crazy documentaries of father-dau relationships, 3D images and illustrated comics! You simply have never seen anything comparable!
Disclaimer: bestblackgays.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ch*ld pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing links.
Many people grapple with blood sugar problems and in most instances if unchecked such a condition can result to diabetes or cause high blood pressure. The challenge however comes in finding a treatment product or a supplement that can manage or alleviate such a condition. Many products exist in
As Jean Grey develops unparalleled powers that turn her into a Dark Phoenix, X-Men have to choose between saving their team member and saving the world.
The mention of any company, product, organization, process, or publication does not constitute or imply endorsement.
The HH2 is a hand-held portable data recorder from Delta-T Devices that can read and record data from the Profile Probe (PR1), ThetaProbe (ML1 and ML2), and Equitensiometer (EQ1 and EQ2).
The PR1 has 4 or 6 capacitance soil moisture sensors on a rod which can either be taken from site-to-site to record readings, or it can be left at a single site with a logger. The HH2 is only used if the is used in portable mode - if logging use SiteMenu/Import.
The readings will be left in an upload file with a name based on todays date with extension UPL. If the Delta-T programme HH2READ.EXE is used to upload the file will have the extension CSV.
A lookup file is needed to relate the HH2 identification to Probe for Windows site numbers. Three separate site identifiers can be entered into the HH2...
Datafile is not used by Prwin; Row is not used for PR1 data, but can be used for readings from individual ML2 or EQ1 units at the same site.
If a site is found in the upload file that is not in the lookup file a new line will be added with a site number = 9999. The lookup file should then be edited and the correct site numbers(s) entered, and the upload file re-processed.
The data from the PR1 should be in VSW% and does not need re-calibrating. However, by posting a serial number the data could be re-calibrated by Probe for Windows.
These cuties don't stop until every piece of clothing is off of their bodies, as they not only show you how they look naked at this site, they show you how well they can suck and fuck big dicks, too!
Horny sluts spread their legs and their pussy lips for their fingers, dildos and huge cocks too at this site, where these chicks will stop at nothing to make themselves cum, and make their lovers cum too.
Venus is a man eater! She devours her body guard in this electric scene so full of sexual tension and chemistry it's like watching wolves eat prey! They rip each other's clothes off and Venus slurps down Alex's thick cock until he nearly explodes in her mouth. Not yet, oh, no, not yet. She has other plans - revealing her hard dick he stares in awe and fear. She wants his mouth and ass and Venus gets exactly what she wants. She tops him milking a nice load from him while he rides her cock in cowgirl. But Alex's night is no where near over - Venus fucks him until she nearly busted in his ass, pulls out and EXPLODES on his face in one of the biggest cum shots ever filmed on this site. Alex is so turned on by this, he cums again - something he is rarely capable of doing. A tremendous update of rock em sock em fucking!
Morgan Bailey is obsessed with men in uniform...so much that she calls 911 just to get the paramedics to come. Mike Panic arrives, ready to help, but Morgan turns the tables on him, does a quick inspection of his body, followed by a thorough, penetrating
* Specially designed to perfectly suitable for Xiaomi Mi MIX2, dust-proof, snow-proof and shock-proof.
* The metal shell is higher than your phone screen, which is to avoid the direct force and greatly reducing the risk of broken screen.
* Precise cutouts, reserved for all functions and features of your phone, not affect the normal use without removing the case.
Birla Balika Vidyapeeth founded in 1941 is a premier English Medium CBSE affiliated Residential School for girls. It provides scholarly atmosphere and integrated learning environment to develop independent thinking ability and promote self discipline in students. The school has produced successive generations of Nation Builders during the last more than 70 years of existence. The school’s pride is the School Band marching gloriously as a part of Republic Day Parade on Rajpath for the past 51 consecutive years. It is a member of the Indian Public Schools’ Conference, Round Square, United School Organisation and National Progressive Schools’ Conference
Birla Education Trust, Pilani was registered in 1929 as a charitable trust in Calcutta by Shri G D Birla, the foundation thus being laid for the establishment and onward growth of educational institutes in Pilani. Mahatma Gandhi’s concept of trusteeship served as a philosophical foundation.
This was an easy win for City and after the goalless chess game at Old Trafford at the weekend it was good to see the ball in the back of the net again. City made several changes giving a start to Iheanacho who thanked his manager by putting in a terrific display scoring once and making two assists. He never stopped running and should be given more starts. Bony scored with a powerful header but he did miss some good chances as well so it will be interesting to see who starts against Norwich in the next game. Kevin De Bruyne also scored but some of his passes went astray.
Young Garcia came off the bench late on to notch his first goal and Yaya Toure scored from the spot.
Fernando came in for the suspended Fernandinho and he did well in midfield. It was a blow when Zabaleta was carried off with what looked like a bad leg injury. He had earlier been in the wars with a head injury so it was obviously just not his day. Demichelis and Mangala kept Palace at bay for the most part and reserve keeper Caballero made the odd save but Palace did miss some good chances. Overall a good team display with 19 year old Kelechi Iheanacho the star on the day. A disappointing crowd though - but good visiting support by Palace fans. Roberts coming on in the last 15 minutes made his home debut.
City made a few changes from the derby game. In came Demichelis, Mangala, Fernando, Iheanacho, Navas and Caballero
two minutes into the second half Fernando breaks and hands a chance to Bony on a plate but alas he shoots well wide
There was an even greater problem on the pitch and Zabaleta was in the wars and had to be carried off with an injured knee
On 58 minutes De Bruyne passed to Iheanacho who quickly turned and shot past the keeper to make it three nil
5 minutes later Palace should have scored when first Zaha missed his chance and then Bamford had a shot blocked
over three minutes into added time and City break away with Iheanacho who makes a perfect pass to Garcia
Upcoming Courses (General) Companies Act 2013, Balance Sheet Audit and Applicable Indian Accounting Standards (IND-AS) from 17 September 2018 to 20 September 2018 and (Headquarters Course) Training Programme for Direct Recruit AAOs (Probation) 2018 Batch - 1 from 20 August 2018 to 24 November 2018.
The Sr. Officers Hostel has 8 Delux rooms and 2 VIP Suits for use of Senior Officers of the Indian Audit and Accounts Department. This block also has facilities like Health Club, Dinning hall and a kitchen.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 February 2018
The Rally this year marks the 95 th Anniversary of the Samoyed Association and it was good to hold one last Rally at Mollcroft to celebrate this milestone and what a wonderful day we had. My husband, David, had been very ill just before the rally and I did wonder about it going ahead, as it seemed ill health and bad weather were against us this year. We have had no summer to speak of and getting Mollcroft ready was a nightmare. For weeks coming up to the Rally David and I tried hard to get our grounds into some sort of order, but the land was so wet and sorting out our Paddock for parking became the topic of conversation – What will we do if the rain doesn't stop? – How can we cut down such wet grass? – Where will people park if we can't get it done? – it went on and on.
On the weekend of the Rally some very special friends come to stay, they are Carmen and Leroy Jones, and Christine Harewood. They don't own Samoyeds, but are always happy to help me in any way they can, and I thank them very much. A friend from Canada , Shirley, also came over for the Rally, she used to have Samoyeds but both have sadly passed away now. Friday started quite dry and we managed to get nearly all the gazebos up with lots of help. As you can imagine it gets quite hectic at Mollcroft. Andy Fry our web page/computer specialist and his friend, Dave, came on the Saturday evening and pitched up tents for the night so that he could get the microphone system working for the Sunday. Thanks Andy and Dave, much appreciated. Needless to say I had all these people to feed, which in itself is a nightmare but we got there in the end.
I couldn't manage all that the Rally involves without the invaluable help from many people and they work so hard for Rescue on the day of the Rally. Carmen on the Tea Stall and Leroy doing anything he can, he is the one that always does the sausage race and he can usually be seen handing out the sausages to all the Sams entered. I think he secretly likes this job!. My other biggest helpers are Avis & Preston Haffenden, they work for months getting all the Goodies that are given out at the Rally, they pester Trades people to death and I am sure they get the Goodies for their pure persistence and the Traders must say “just give then the stuff or we won't get rid of them”. Avis and Preston also bring their Gazebos, help put them up and generally never stop. They never cease to amaze me and without their help towards our Rally it wouldn't be the success it is.
We got up early on the Sunday morning to a splattering of rain, but that soon stopped and we got on with getting all the stalls up and running, especially the Café. My eldest son, Darren and grandchildren, Holly & Isabella, arrived early to help as well. In the midst of all this I had to let my own dogs have a good run around Mollcroft as I knew they were going to have to be tethered all day, which they can't quite understand, as it is their land. My grandchildren do enter them into the fun classes, which they enjoy greatly.
Our Judge, Angela Danvers-Smith, and her husband, Terry, arrived in plenty of time and we were all hoping that the weather would hold out for us, which it did for the most part.
We didn't have as many dogs and people as we normally do, but I think this was all down to the weather and people not knowing if it would stay dry or not. I do know that all the people that did make it and support Rescue had a great day and I thank them from the bottom of my heart for their generosity. It is always great to see the dogs and their humans having a great laugh in the fun classes, especially the water race and musical statues.
The Rally this year managed to raise over £1,500 and this will go towards looking after some of our more unfortunate Samoyeds.
We had some great stalls this year including the Spinning demonstration done by Hilary Hedderick; a lot of people were very interested to see the fur from our Sam's being spun. Also, at the rally was Diane Wilkes doing Microchipping and I thank her for taking the time to come and do this. My thanks to Dr Brian Catchpole who gave up his time to answer questions on Diabetes. Melanie & Neal who run our local pub for doing the Barbecue for us, all profits go to Rescue. Thank you so much.
Other people I must thank, in no particular order: Margaret and Colin Brookes who did the grooming demonstration, Sally Smith doing the tombola, Lee and Anita manning the Association Stall, Marianne and family doing the Rescue Stall with the help of Diana. Leah Ivory, car parking duty and helping Carmen on the Café. Many thanks to Hazel and Bill Mylotte for the beautiful cake they had made for the rally. Terry and my granddaughter, Holly, for selling raffle tickets, super work! A big thanks to Adrian for collecting the tables and returning them. Keith and Angela Chambers, who helped put up some of the gazebos. Lastly, I would like to say a big thank you to our Judge, Angela, as it's never easy to judge Rescue dogs, especially when their stories can be quite heartbreaking, so well done Angela.
I want to thank all the people, Samoyeds and other breeds who came to our Rally and I hope they had as much fun and enjoyment as I did and have done over the many years it has been held here. I hope you all have good memories of Rallies that we have held at Mollcroft but, unfortunately, this was the last one. My husband's health and our ages have to come first now, so it is with a sadness that we will no longer do a Rescue Rally here at our home.
If you have any stories about this rally or any of the previous ones then please write it down and send it to Angela to put in our Newsletter. People love to read about our lovely dogs.
Best wishes to you all and your Sams and thank you to all the people who have taken on Rescue Samoyeds and given them the love they deserve.
"It looks like the Bethlehem Steel, but whatever Eastern team wins the final in the National Cup Competition is going to grab the title when they invade the West for this year's battle." Thus chirped Jimmy Easton of Bethlehem, who gave the Western perspective champs the once over during the holiday season. Jimmy, by the way, is no cropper when it comes to picking a winner and especially in soccer, a sport in which he has long since cut his eye teeth and if he desired could no doubt still give a good account of himself on the field of action. If the name of Easton may have slipped from the mind of some of the old time soccer fans or as yet not been introduced to the many newcomers added to the ranks of the enthusiasts, let it be recalled that it was not so many years ago that Jim was one of the star performers of the Steel Workers eleven and in his prime was possibly the most versatile and adept utility man any soccer club could boast of. He will be remembered more readily as the "old mud horse" for it was a heavy field that was to the liking of the congenial and popular Easton and under such conditions he never failed to make his presence felt to rivals. But getting back to what we wish to expound after hearing Jim tell of his trip to the West, the former Steel Worker journeying to St. Louis to visit relatives took advantage of the trip to thoroughly scout the Western prospective for the National cup final and comes back with the encouraging dope that if the Eastern contender does not win the flag he is through as a critic. Take this from Jim through that the laurels are not going to be served on a silver platter and that the game is going to be a battle to the very last. His opinion is based on the display of football in the respective sections, contending that the Eastern teams, especially, now by far more football than the Western clans and that the style of the game waged in the two sections is strongly in contrast. Out in the west they play a kicking rushing style and in building up the teams pay particular attention in building a forward line whose main asset is speed. For victory they depend largely on these forwards to beat out the backs when the ball is driven down the field. However, Jimmy is firm in his belief that with all the football stored away in the cranium of the players in the east t his more finished product of the sport is certain to conquer the style of the western clans. Relative to the merit of the elevens in the west compared with that of the Scullins, of last year, National finalists, Jimmy says there is scarcely any difference. If anything, he contends that since Vesper Buick defeated the Scullins in a cup competition, the former team should surely be as strong if not a mite stronger than last year's eastern invaders. "If Bethlehem gets the call to go west as one of the principals in the game to decide the issue, the Steel Workers will be spotting the western finalists to goals when the game ends or I badly miss my guess," concluded our friend James.
Harry Ratican's days as a soccer player are virtually at an end unless he goes on strict training for a year or more and sheds a lot of the surplus avoirdupois he is carrying about these days. While in St. Louis, Easton, a close friend of the one time Bethlehem center forward, looked him up and found him to be big, fat and happy, as Easton described it. Harry gets into a game occasionally but very seldom but nevertheless is active in soccer in St. Louis in other channels. The name Ratican made when with the Steel Workers and later with the Robins Dry Dock has established him firmly in soccer in St. Louis where he is looked upon as a leading authority. Harry, who since laying aside his uniform coaches at West Point and at the close of the Army season dashes back to St. Louis where he is associated in the management of one of the teams in that city. Harry is pulling strong for the Bethlehems to win so that the team on which he experienced his greatest success will make the trip West for the National final.
UWatchFree | Watch Movies Online Free | Download Full Movies Free | Here you can watch movies online free in HD without annoying ads, just come and enjoy latest full movies online. You can also download movie to your pc to watch movies later offline | Genres | Contact US | DMCA | Privacy Policy | TOS
Rashmi Jameela lesson, 2018-02-16 03:12:25. The object you will use for this lesson will be a flashlight. If you know a security guard, you could also invite him/her to come dressed in their uniform. The kids would love this living form of an object lesson.
Sela Anamarija lesson, 2018-02-16 09:41:05. Students get familiarized with the fact that two expressions are equivalent by using reasoning skills and testing a number to prove their theory. Diagrams can be used to help students understand the concept. Practice worksheets are useful for teachers to help students with clear ideas in the topic. 21ST Century Lessons: A Boston Teachers Union Initiative provides resource for this lesson.
Rajya Maureen lesson, 2018-02-15 22:27:38. Music in general is for everybody, whatever status in life is. But the flute is probably the best example. With its relaxing sound, flute gives us the energizing feeling that brings us to another world which seems to be very calm.
Rosetta Tordis lesson, 2018-02-16 15:28:43. Love God with all your heart, soul, and strength and love your neighbor as yourself. The third destination of the author was the beautiful island of Bali. I don't suspect that when she arrived there she knew that love was right around the corner. In fact, it ran her off the road. Her soon to be beloved knocked her off her bike as she rode through the countryside. However, because of a failed marriage, her fear of losing herself, or making another mistake, she almost let love sip through her fingers. It was the medicine man she visited frequently who told her that "love" is a part of a balanced life. Up until this point I think she believed that she didn't deserved love, she wasn't good at love, or that true love didn't really exist.
Lehua Kyllikki lesson, 2018-02-16 23:43:44. Ronny Prasad is an author, speaker, corporate trainer, and anti-bullying campaigner, based in Melbourne, Australia. He is the author of WELCOME TO YOUR LIFE (simple insights for your empowerment). His anti-bullying charity regularly delivers presentations at schools, and uploads videos on Youtube, for kids who are being bullied at school. You can download his free anti-bullying app on Google Play or Apple's App Store. Just do a search for Beat Bullying With Confidence.There are useful techniques that allow you to get past mental blocks you're holding on to. You can learn to affect your subconscious in ways you may have never realized just by writing it down! The secret to having your writing move you forward is in what and how you write. Theres a huge difference between diary writing and effective journaling.
Rosetta Tordis lesson, 2018-02-17 03:48:01. This instrument is also versatile in the genre of music. You can play it with jazz, country, reggae, and some pop music. This is a good advantage since now; you can use the ukulele whenever you hear a nice song on the radio. Accompanying it with your voice is also great.
Any content, trademark/s, or other material that might be found on this site that is not this site property remains the copyright of its respective owner/s.In no way does Title claim ownership or responsibility for such items, and you should seek legal consent for any use of such materials from its owner.
Change is good as always and it is especially a necessity when it comes to the security of your home or office. If your current locks are old or damaged all you need to do is call San Ignacio Yaqui AZ Locksmith. Our professional locksmiths will arrive on site and change your old locks with new and improved lock systems, as per requirement.
When you think a lock change is necessary for your premises, then you should definitely go for high-quality, high-security locks. At San Ignacio Yaqui AZ Locksmith, we provide such sturdy, robust locks that absolutely fit your budget and enhance your overall security as well. We not only change locks but also provide door repair, key duplication, and other locksmith services.
Reputation : San Ignacio Yaqui AZ Locksmith is a trusted and reliable locksmith firm in Tucson, AZ area and has 10 years of experience in the industry. We have a team of professional locksmiths who take care of all your locksmithing needs.
All-round service: From a simple lock change to the installation of the master key system, we can handle all locksmith services with ease anywhere across Tucson, AZ.
Talented team: With a team of highly-experienced technicians, that is well trained to handle all latest security gadgets and system, we can perform any type of lock change for your premises.
Cost-effective: While many of our competitors levy heavy charges for latest lock system, we carry out all type of lock changes at a very affordable price. We never charge an extra penny for any emergency or odd hour locksmith services.
24/7 service : You have just come back from a long vacation, and it is already past midnight. Unfortunately, your house has faced a break-in attempt. Will you rest easy knowing that the locks have been broken? Call San Ignacio Yaqui AZ Locksmith and we will perform a lock change service in minutes, be it any time of the day or night.
Quality products : Customer satisfaction is the motto of San Ignacio Yaqui AZ Locksmith and we always strive hard towards achieving it with high-quality products and services.
For your next visit to Hatteras Island, reserve the beautiful Temporary Sanity located on the soundside in the Wind Over Waves community. This seven bedroom and five and a half bathroom vacation paradise has elegant furnishings and top-of-the-line amenities. With a community boat ramp and sound access, this grand home with a great view of the Pamlico Sound and a short walk to the beach will provide the best environment for your family to experience the ultimate vacation getaway.
Located on the ground level you will find two grills, one charcoal and the other gas, for family BBQs. A large 13' x 27' irregularly shaped, fiberglass private pool, hot tub, located on private deck above the first floor rear balcony accessed by slider from game room, and plenty of lounging furniture are on hand for those days you want to stay close to home and relax. The successful fisherman will have a new illuminated fish cleaning station with running water ready for the day's catch. Temporary Sanity also has parking available for up to five vehicles.
Continue into the first level and you will find the game room with a pool table and wet bar with full refrigerator, toaster oven, commercial ice maker and coffee pot. Take a break and relax with a movie with flat screen TV and Blu-ray player or listen to a few tunes on the CD player, also in the game room. The elevator that goes to the top floor starts here to help with delivering luggage to each floor, and of course groceries to the kitchen. Also located on this level are two bedrooms. The first bedroom has a queen bed and flat screen TV, and the second bedroom has a pyramid bunk bed and flat screen TV. Both of these rooms share a large full bath with shower.
As you continue to the second floor you will find two master bedrooms. The first master has a queen bed, flat screen TV and large private bath with Jacuzzi tub where you can soak away your worries. The second master has a king bed, flat screen TV and large master bath with Jacuzzi tub. Master bedrooms share access to a deck that faces the sound. Two more bedrooms are located on this level and both have queen size beds, flat screen TVs, share a large bath with shower and share access to a deck that faces the beach.
Take a deep breath as you make your way to the top level (third floor.) On this level you will find a well-appointed kitchen that includes a 10-person executive-style dining set, breakfast table, panini maker, two coffee makers (Keurig and conventional), convection toaster oven, Cuisinart cookware and full pantry for food storage. There is also a bath on this level. The great room is carefully and thoughtfully set up for an enjoyable family setting with a state of the art, all in one 60" flat screen TV with surround sound, Blu-ray player and dedicated gaming connections. For those cool summer nights drift off in the breeze, on a newly added Pawley's Island swing, from the top floor screened porch overlooking the sound. It has a connecting door to the new rear deck off of the master bedroom. Facing the oceanside is another private deck on the top floor, perfect for watching the sunrise in the mornings. The last master bedroom is located on this level with a king bed, flat screen TV and private bathroom with Jacuzzi tub.
Temporary Sanity offers guests 10 TVs, 2 DVD players, a stereo/CD player and surround sound guaranteed to provide hours of fun entertainment when you are taking a break from the beach. A Geo Thermal heat and air system will help keep everyone cool on those very hot summer days and wireless high-speed internet is available when you want to stay connected while on vacation. Visit wonderful Temporary Sanity on your next visit to the Outer Banks and return home relaxed and refreshed!
Saturday, November 3rd, 2018 11/9/2018 Suited Kit Kit Suited Suited Suited Suited Suited Kit Kit Kit Suited Kit $1,095 7 (Sat - Sat)
Saturday, January 26th, 2019 Kit Kit Suited Suited Kit Kit Suited Kit Kit Suited Suited Suited Suited 2/1/2019
Suited Kit Suited Kit Suited Kit Suited Kit Kit Suited Suited Suited Kit Saturday, March 30th, 2019 4/5/2019
We loved staying at Temporary Sanity. The house was beautifully decorated and very clean. The pool area was spacious and we had a good time grilling and relaxing. It was nice to have a grass yard also!
The place was clean,very well furnished,a lot of space and a great place for our whole family (all 15 of us). Convenient to shopping, the ocean and sound.It was great having pool floats and toys for the grandchildren. I was able to bring our dog and even she enjoyed the vacation!The yard was big enough for our grandchildren to run around and have fun.Great location,great home and great value! Would definitely recommend this property to anyone with a large family!
This house was perfect for our 3 families! We had a total of 7 adults and 6 kids and we had plenty of room in this big house! We all had an extremely relaxing week in this house and we loved the pool and the hot tub. It is a well sound proofed house which we all appreciated with 6 kids under the ages of 8! We would rent again from OBR! The beds and linens were all spotless too! No complaints here!
Salvo is the quietest and most southern of the tri-villages. If you're dreaming of uninterrupted beach and family time, this is the perfect spot. Activities here are all about the water. Vacationers can enjoy calm, shallow sound waters perfect for paddleboarding or kayaking or take surf lessons at the beach.
Copyright © 1998-2018 Outer Beaches Realty. All Rights Reserved. Photography Copyright © 2018 Outer Beaches Realty and respective photographers. Reproduction strictly prohibited. Website Services and Consulting provided by LiveRez.com Vacation Rental Software. All information on this site is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed. All reasonable efforts have been made to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, however, Outer Beaches Realty cannot be held responsible for errors or omissions.
T his morning five of us once again had breakfast at "Sanjh", It was wonderful. The food was well presented and tasty and our waitress was exceptional.
We enjoyed our lunch today at your Sanjh Indian Restaurant! The VEGETABLE VINDALOO was absolutely excellent!
My mother and I went to the Sanjh Restaurant this morning and we were extremely impressed. We were warmly greater by the hostess and were given excellent service from the two servers that waited on us. They were awesome!!
Customers come back not only because of the taste of the food, but also because of the service you provided.
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. ru.vuxm.com has a zero-tolerance policy against ILLEGAL pornography. If you see something illegal, please, email us and we will remove it ASAP. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parts. We have no control over the content of these pages, all materials are added automatically.
Palace Riverside is nestled on a gentle hillside above the Santa Fe River. Canyon Road - the Art and Soul of Santa Fe- is only steps away, and will lead you to the Plaza as you stroll past the best galleries and restaurants in town! This 3 bedroom 3.5 bath Estate is all ensuite, and features a wrap around garden, outdoor lounging, and a wonderfully unique floor-plan.
Relax and experience the beauty of this 1800's double adobe home with vigas, archways, gorgeous plaster, and adzed oakwood floors. Surrounded flagstone patio areas and lovely gardens with sunset views. Enjoy the wintertime views of Sun and Moon Mountain from the a new guest suite and save some time for a tea in the greenhouse.
Palace Avenue is itself a landmark of the historic east-side, enjoy 150 year old shade trees as you follow the bricked sidewalks to downtown, or to the lovely park up the way. From your hillside oasis, views of the treetops and the sound of the Plaza cathedral bells will help you leave the city life behind for now!
There are no reviews yet for this vacation rental. Book your vacation and be the first to review this property!
A promo code is for special discounts and may have been provided to you in either a newsletter, email or other correspondence from the manager or owner of this property.
CherryPlayer is a unique multimedia player that combines all the benefits and advantages of a desktop player and the ability to play almost all types of streaming multimedia, such as video, audio, radio, and live broadcasts. Built-in categorized playlists from YouTube allow to be aware of everything that happens in the world of entertainment, sports, movies and more. With the ability to login to user's channel Cherryplayer becomes a real YouTube player. For gamers there is an opportunity to search and view streams on Twitch.tv with an ability to login to account there. Music fans will find support of SHOUTcast, SoundCloud and VK services.
All this with the minimal usage of system resources, built-in codecs, intuitive interface and many other advantages makes CherryPlayer truly unsurpassed by convenience and functionality multimedia player.
It offers a wide range of powerful features; all through an easy to use application interface and Windows Explorer integration.
Create custom data, audio and mixed-mode projects and record them to physical discs as well as disc images.
The pitch of the voice can be changed according to your liking; a higher pitch may end up making you sound like a smurf, while a lower pitch may give you a deeper voice.
Every funny voice effect can be modified; a variety of sounds can be manipulated at different speeds and pitches for hours of fun.
So, instead of making use of your microphone, plug in the output sound of the audio system and listen to your funny voice.
It will be an amazing tool for your next karaoke party and it is also a great application that you can use for your answering machines.
Funny voice is free to use and it is even more appreciated because it is a small sized application that does not require to be fully installed.
The Santanas download archive contains currently 232 Downloads in 20 Categories. To date, these have been downloaded 1,966 times.
Disclaimer: All models on this website are 18 years or older. ru.xxxvogue.net has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. We have no control over the content of these pages. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion.
Cover letters for law school internships Research paper Academic Writing Service ruassignmentbqpj.safeschools.us
View a real cover letter for the legal clinic internship position, intern access our database of cover letters for internships and recent grad positions. I am a first-year student at harvard law school and am writing to apply for a volunteer summer internship with the department of education’s office for civil rights in new york city i. Judicial clerkship confidential: judges reveal what it takes to get inside their courtroom positions for new law school graduates (such as a position as a first . Cover letter for internship 2 mr oren davidson new york-presbyterian hospital new york, ny dear mr davidson, prior to enrolling in graduate school, i worked . View a real cover letter for the immigration law firm internship position, intern access our database of cover letters for internships and recent grad positions.
At the initial application stage, most employers expect only a resume and cover letter when you are applying directly to them other materials that may be requested, however, include: a law school transcript (either unofficial or official), an undergraduate transcript, a writing sample and a list of references. Sample cover letter for a law firm internship 3 - download as pdf file (pdf), text file (txt) or read online. 8 cover letter tips and a sample cover letter for your law firm internship – the cover letter is a small email you write while applying to a law firm.
How do cover letters for internships and entry-level positions differ you should include your year in school (or when you plan to graduate), along with your . Recent images internship cover letter for law students (180 images): resumes and cover letters for high school students this might include getting a job . Home career career advice resume tips college internship resume and cover letter samples resume tips college internship resume and cover letter samples. Sample cover letters reasons i went to law school and they are the reasons i want to work university of denver college of law seeking a summer internship with .
Internships internship placement program law school application process home handshake home / resumes & cover letters / cover letters / cover letter samples. Public interest/government resume and cover letter tips you may want to highlight relevant coursework from law school or intern, summer 2010 . Columbus school of law cua page 1 the cover letter what is the purpose of a cover letter your cover letter serves to: display your writing ability and attention to detail - it’s a writing sample. Sample cover letters substantive expertise on administrative and energy law issues through my law school coursework and an internship with the epa .
The following cover letters and cover letter templates are designed especially for high school students, as well as for college students and recent graduates seeking employment if you're a student or a new grad, you may not have much experience in the workforce. Browse cover letters by college major and download templates for free 17 great cover letter examples as a [year in school] majoring in [major] at . Finding a summer judicial internship alumni of the law school, and enjoy providing internship opportunities to richmond law creative cover letters. How to write a cover letter when you have no experience where you go to school, what the job is that you’re applying for and how you came to apply i’ve written cover letters in the .
Resumes and cover letters job applications in the legal profession usually consist of a cover letter, resume, unofficial transcript and a writing sample. Resumes & cover letters interview etiquette cover letter for internship sample fastweb helps thousands of students pay for school by matching them to . Legal intern cover letter legal interns are law students who want to pursue the practice of law and gain hands-on knowledge areas these professionals handle include case management, secretarial work, and research.
I was given some samples by career services, but they all seem really cheesy and basic what can i do to really make mine stand out among the.
Use our collection of internship resume examples and cover letters samples to learn how to create your own unforgettable job application toolkit and to get that much closer to scoring a mind-blowingly cool summer or professional internship.
Sample 1l cover letter th 444 west 114 street, apt 4 new york, ny 10027 i am a first-year student at columbia law school seeking a summer 2013 internship with your. Cover letter for internship writing a cover letter to help you land a great internship here's an example of a pitch that hits all the right notes cover letters . A cover letter gives law students a chance to stand out from the pack when applying for an internship examples—either from your work in school or in a previous .
an analysis of factors affecting the stocks on weekdays and weekends with the use of the efficient m
Humanistic psychology, self-help, and the danger of reducing religion to psychology humanistic psychology (carl rogers, abraham maslow and rollo may) is a fundamental inspiration for the management theories and therefore for the whole of the self-help industry (see my article management theory and the self-help industry ). Humanistic psychology and women: be grounded in an ecosocial matrix (spretnak, 1997) which restored elements of earth, theories and philosophy of humanistic . Psy 405 week 3 worksheet – humanistic and existential personality theories matrix by student simple | jul 4, humanistic theories psy 405 (2 pages | 326 words).
View notes - humanistic matrix from psy 405 at university of phoenix psy 405 theories of personality university of phoenix material humanistic and existential personality theories. Who were the two main founders of humanistic personality theories what are the historical rootes of humanistic theories - existential philosophy - nietzsche . Humanistic theories of personality and ‘the matrix’ a critical evaluation of characters this essay aims to apply the humanistic theories in a practical way by examining them in terms of the first film in ‘the matrix’ series. Types of psychotherapy (approaches) - main menu - humanistic-existential, cognitive-behavioral, and transpersonal freud's original theories were based on the .
Analyze how humanistic and existential theories affect individual personalities explain how humanistic and existential theories influence interpersonal relationships attach your matrix to your analysis when you submit it to your facilitator . Read this essay on personality theories matrix come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays the psychodynamic and humanistic theories of . A summary of psychodynamic theories in 's personality learn exactly what happened in this chapter, scene, or section of personality and what it means perfect for acing essays, tests, and quizzes, as well as for writing lesson plans. The motivation theories we cover in this chapter are likely to be culturally bound because they were developed by western researchers and the majority of the research supporting each theory was conducted on western subjects.
Humanistic and existential personality theories matrix theorists have invested years of research into learning the dynamics of one’s personality humanistic and existential personality theories offered perspectives that have proved to be valuable to those researching and exploring how one’s personality develops and expands throughout life. Learning team assignment: humanistic and existential personality theories matrix complete the humanistic and existential personality theories matrix, using the text, the university library, the internet, and other resources. Like all theories, “psychodynamic theory” is a social construction humanistic (self, relational) “triadic third” in relational matrix client triadic .
Psy 405 week 3 learning team humanistic and existential personality theories matrix complete the humanistic and existential personality theories matrix, using the text, the university library, the internet, and other resources. Learning theories define human learning and its resulting behavior and personality as a response to the environment with some internal considerations, whereas humanistic theory believes in a greater tendency for internal human drive toward an ultimate human state of self that is predetermined or species-specific. The influence of new and emerging theories on teaching practices shows a matrix of contemporary cognitive-humanistic theories that are setting the scene for the .
Learning theories learning theories are an organized set of principles explaining how individuals acquire, retain, and recall knowledge by studying and knowing the different learning theories, we can better understand how learning occurs. Counselling theories compare and contrasted in this section, we are going to look at three different forms of counselling, how they compare and how they differ the first thing to consider is that all counsellors, no matter which model of counselling they practise, should offer the core conditions discussed in the section on person-centred therapy. Study flashcards on psy 405 week 3 learning team assignment_ humanistic and existential personality theories matrix paper at cramcom quickly memorize the terms, phrases and much more.
Explain how humanistic and existential theories influence interpersonal relationships at least three references needed and apa format is required attach your matrix to your analysis when you . Learning theories and models summaries explained & easy to understand useful for students and teachers in educational psychology, instructional design, digital media and learning. Humanistic theories include client-centered, gestalt, and existential therapies carl rogers developed client-centered therapy, which focuses on the belief that clients control their own destinies he believed that all therapists need to do is show their genuine care and interest. Psy 405 week 3 - team humanistic and existential personality paper and matrix complete the humanistic and existential personality theories matrix, using the text, the university library, the internet, and other resources.
Complete the humanistic and existential personality theories matrix, using the text, the university library, the internet, and other resources prepare a 700- to 1,050-word analysis of the strengths and limitations of the theories listed in explaining individuals’ behavior. The matrix conspiracy is a mix of postmodern intellectualism, management theory, self-help and new age, which together constitute a global spreading ideology this ideology is created by the mythology of authenticity. Complete the humanistic and existential personality theories matrix, using the text, the university library, the internet, and other resources prepare a 700- to 1,050-word analysis of the strengths and limitations of the theories listed in explaining individuals' behavior.
an analysis of the internet celebrity industry and its methods of launching people to fame and fortu
The Ruler Of The Land 360 released! You are now reading The Ruler Of The Land 360 online. If you are bored from The Ruler Of The Land manga, you can try surprise me link at top of page or select another manga like The Ruler Of The Land 360 from our huge manga list.
The Ruler Of The Land 360 released in manga lion fastest, recommend your friends to read The Ruler Of The Land 360 now!
I'll demonstrate my natural, foam-free technique for building centrepieces whilst sharing how I approach colour and composition. I will also show you how I create beautiful, loose bridal bouquets and finish them with exquisite trailing silk ribbon.
I will answer all your questions about my approach to flowers, photography, branding and business throughout the day.
Thank you! You have signed up to our Workshops Newsletter and will be informed whenever tickets are released for new workshops.
I love the feel of a big black cock sliding into my pussy. Feeling my pussy tighten around his cock as he goes deep inside of me....
Slowly fucking one of my favorite toys....a glass dildo. My pussy was all wet and felt so good with the cool glass sliding in and out......
See this big tits tattoo babe playing with her pussy using her big dildo! She strokes her toy in and out to her pussy till she get satisfied her pleasure!
Some illustrations I did for Amelia's Magazine to accompany an interview with the band. You can read it along with lots of other really cool articles here:
You can also listen to them here: http://www.ameliasmagazine.com/music/an-interview-with-the-moth-and-the-mirror-with-review-of-new-album-honestly-this-world/2011/10/24/
illustration Sarah Austin art design digital childrens illustration portrait digital stitch competition greetings card advertising Amelia's Magazine celebrity children's books christmas card craft didgital stiching handmade jewellery james and the ginat peach joey richter music puffin children's prize 2011 ycn student awards Marks and Spencer The Moth and the Mirror advertisement advertisment card children childrens book comercial competitons drawing editorials illustrators jewellery puffin starkid starkidpotter wolf in sheep's clothing
All original art work coyright to Sarah Ausitn, unless stated otherwise. Simple theme. Theme images by merrymoonmary. Powered by Blogger.
When I went to college, my friend, Eliza gave me one of the greatest pieces of advice that I ever received. She said, “When you meet a new person, ask God what role you are supposed to play in each other’s lives.”
It revolutionized the way I view relationships. While I had grown up being taught that I should label people as “Christian” or “NonChristian” and stick them into neat little boxes in my life, once I got this advice, I was set free from that. I no longer spend all of my time judging people and trying to figure out their religious beliefs or lack thereof. I spend my time getting to know them and love them, instead.
This week, a friend and I were reading Luke 10 together. In the latter part of that chapter, a religious scholar asks Jesus, “Teacher, what do I need to do to get eternal life?” And Jesus responds that he should love God with everything in him and that he should love his neighbor as much as he does himself. Jesus goes on to define “neighbor” by telling the story that many of us know as the story of the Good Samaritan…
One day, a man is traveling on a lonesome road when he’s accosted by robbers. He’s beaten and left to die. As he lies there, bleeding and dying, two religious men come upon him, but each chooses to ignore him and keep walking. Finally, a man of a different religion sees him and even knowing that they espouse different religious beliefs, he picks him up, cares for him, and takes him to get help.
I’ve been in the church my entire life. I love God and I believe in the necessity of the church. And I see the church doing so much good and sharing so much love with the world. But sometimes it doesn’t work that way. Sometimes, there are people who call themselves God’s people, who attend His church, who are more interested in judging the wounded man than in caring for him. Before they help him, they want to make sure that he’s not an alcoholic, that he doesn’t have a criminal record, that he isn’t gay, that he doesn’t come from the wrong family or the wrong side of the tracks and that he’s going to be able to pay his tithes in full and on time. And by the time they finish judging him, he’s already died of his wounds.
In this world, we are always going to be surrounded by people who are different than we are. We fear these differences—especially the ones we don’t understand or haven’t experienced before. Instead of judging people and holding them at arm’s length, we have the great opportunity to not judge them. We can choose to see the good in them and to learn about the differences that we so fear. This is where trust is built and love is shared. And this is where lives are changed… sometimes, mine.
You raised some interesting points there “Sista Sarah”.. While I do agree with you I often wonder how all of this fits into some “family” situations… Its a tough one for sure.. As always the teacher in you makes me think…
I particularly like that you based your blog on the book of Luke. Luke is my favorite of the gospels because he looks at things through the eyes of a healer (he was a physician) with a great deal of tenderness at those he observes in everyday life and those who come to him for help. I’m sure he had his judgmental times (don’t we all), but I also suspect his training as a physician and his belief in Jesus gave him the framework to work daily at being less judgmental. In fact, I’m sure he had to work at it daily because I know I have to, and somedays I have to almost wrestle it to the ground if I’m feeling a little pugnacious and holier than thou. And at other times I just have to let the “judgmentalism” wash over me and live with it for a bit before I get what it is I’m being taught. Mostly what I have received from your blog is that Jesus will walk through the thickets of judgment with us and bring us out on the other side with the right attitude and lessons learned if we let him. Bless every person alive who is fighting the good fight against being judgmental and allowing themselves to be open to the world at large.
Kerri, thank you! That’s so awesome! I know we all struggle with judgmentalism. Working for the church and being so closely involved with the church all of the time, I often struggle to not judge the church folks. But it still happens and I still have to confess it and ask forgiveness and sometimes, go to people and make things right. But my hope is that each day, I will walk more in love and forgiveness and less in judgment. Thanks again for sharing!
We’ve already discussed this, but I’m so thankful for the reminder. I find that I still struggle to NOT judge, but to be open. Some relationships have left a sour taste in my mouth. Hard as I try, I find myself still making judgements, sometimes unfair, with regard to certain people. Oh how I strive to stop that. I’m thankful for our morning fellowship and the reminders that God places in our paths each day. I’m grateful the He doesn’t judge me, based upon my mistakes or hidden pain or self-doubt. I’m blessed by His love and faith in me, each and every day, and I strive to return that love and faith, each and every day. Thank you for, once again, for sharing that love and faith with us.
Kari, I know what you mean… Once we’ve experienced a bad thing, it’s hard to get past it. For me, one example could be how when I was 18, I had two young Hispanic men attempt to snatch me through their car window at a convenience store. I managed to get away, but they followed me. It was a terrifying experience and for a time, I was scared of all Hispanic men. But God got me past it to the point that I minored in Spanish in college and now, am able to even travel to Hispanic countries, without fear. If I had allowed myself to wallow in that fear, I wouldn’t be able to help the people that I’ve been able to help. Granted, I’m not always this victorious… But I’m working on it. And I’m grateful that in this area, at least, I’ve found peace.
Archives Select Month December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009
When I was 13 years old, I stumbled across my friend, Corie, writing a letter. When I asked Corie what she was doing, she responded, “Writing a letter to Daddy God.” Those six words changed my life. And ever since, no matter where life has taken me, I’ve had a journal within arm’s reach. In March of 2009, I began to share my thoughts and lessons and prayers with you. And so, here we are. By day, I’m an administrative assistant, freelance writer and editor. I blog here at Living Between the Lines, while simultaneously living outside lines. I’m originally from the Crystal Coast of North Carolina. Today, I happily make my home in the suburbs of Portland, Oregon. Join me between the lines. You’re welcome and safe within them.
Tanned milf in shower. Gina colany ibiza vintage compilation. Mature man was very happy to have anal sex with hot mistress.
East-european couple has sex after a night out in ibiza. Unsatisfied chick motivated old dad to drill her butthole. Jay and Tina - Ibiza Feelings - Joymii. Fabulous pornstars Susie Diamond and Lucy Belle in incredible brazilian, outdoor adult video. Ibiza DP with an Angel.
Thread Diameter Chart. This wonderful image collections about Thread Diameter Chart is accessible to save. We collect this best photo from internet and choose one of the best for you. Thread Diameter Chart photos and pictures selection that posted here was carefully picked and uploaded by admin after selecting the ones that are best among the others.
We choose to provided in this article because this may be one of great resource for any Thread Diameter Chart ideas. Don’t you come here to learn some new unique Thread Diameter Chart ideas? We really hope you can easily accept it as one of your reference and many thanks for your effort for exploring our website. Make sure you distribute this image for your loved friends, family, society via your social networking such as facebook, google plus, twitter, pinterest, or any other social bookmarking sites.
Book signing with Roberto d’Incau to launch his book IL LATO BIMBO – With a Child’s Gaze published by FrancoAngeli. Paola Marella, “Real Time”s TV anchor, will converse with the author. Today, November 13th, 2014 from 6.00 pm to 8.30 pm at the Galleria Carla Sozzani bookstore.
Help us better serve you! Tell us if Community Services is meeting your needs! Take our survey, and SUBMIT BY OCTOBER 22
This grievance procedure is established in accordance with the requirements of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (ADA). It may be used by anyone who wishes to file a complaint alleging discrimination on the basis of disability in the provision of services, activities, or programs, by the City of Beverly Hills. The City of Beverly Hills’ Harassment in Employment Policy governs employment-related complaints of disability discrimination.
The complaint should be in writing and contain information about the alleged discrimination such as name, address, phone number of complainant and location, date, and description of the problem. Alternative means of filing complaints, such as personal interviews, telephone interviews, or a tape recording of the complaint, will be made available upon request for persons with disabilities.
The complaint should be submitted by the complainant and/or designee as soon as possible but no later than 60 calendar days after the alleged violation to:
Within 15 calendar days after receipt of the complaint, the ADA Coordinator or his/her designee will contact the complainant to discuss the complaint and the possible resolutions. Within 15 calendar days of the contact, the ADA Coordinator or designee will respond in writing. Responses, where appropriate, will be made in a format accessible to the complainant, such as large print, Braille, or audiotape. The response will explain the findings of the City and offer options for resolution of the complaint.
If the complainant and/or designee is dissatisfied with the response by the City’s ADA Coordinator or designee, the complainant and/or designee may appeal the decision within 15 calendar days after receipt of the response to the City Manager or designee.
Within 15 calendar days after receipt of the appeal, the City Manager or his/her designee will meet with the complainant to discuss the complaint and possible resolutions. Within 15 calendar days after the meeting, the City Manager or designee will respond in writing, and, where appropriate, in a format accessible to the complainant, with a final resolution of the complaint.
All written complaints received by the ADA Coordinator or his/her designee, appeals to the City Manager or his/her designee, and responses from these two offices will be retained by the City for at least three years.
Use of this grievance procedure is not a prerequisite to the pursuit of other remedies, such as filing of a disability complaint with the U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, Department of Fair Employment and Housing, or other appropriate state or federal agencies.
This document may be made available in alternate formats as a reasonable accommodation upon request.
Translations on the City's website are automated through the use of Google™ Translate, a computerized translation tool. The quality of the translation may vary. The City of Beverly Hills does not warrant the accuracy or reliability of the translated text and shall not be liable for any losses or damages caused by reliance on the translated text. If you question the accuracy of the translation, please refer to the English edition of the website, which is the official version.
The manufacturing and quality systems laid down when we began the Transformer business in 1955 have been consistently upgraded and augmented keeping customer needs in mind. We enjoy one of the highest rates of repeat orders in the industry and the highest level of ‘comfort of ownership’ for our transformers.
Bharat Bijlee has been a key player in the country's power sector, setting standards of excellence for over seven decades. Our association with clients on turnkey solutions for Power projects is comprehensive, and covers all aspects of work from start to finish.
Bharat Bijlee has been a pioneer in providing energy efficient standard motors and special electric motors for a range of industries. From the smallest to the largest, from IE2 to the latest IE4 class of efficiency, all our motors are manufactured with the same meticulous attention to detail.
Bharat Bijlee is the first Indian manufacturer of Gearless Machines for Elevators. Our GreenStar range of Permanent Magnet gearless machines are suitable for machine-room less applications, are relatively maintenance free and offer energy savings of upto 30%.
Bharat Bijlee offers Variable speed AC drives in partnership with KEB Germany. KEB’s worldwide application specific engineering expertise coupled with our experience in offering customized motors to every segment of industry, gives our customers the assurance of superior world class drives and automation solutions.
Below is the raw OCR text from the above scanned image. Do you see an error? Proofread the page now!
Project Runeberg, Sat Dec 9 09:56:00 1995 (runeberg) (diff) (history) (download) << Previous Next >>
SasteSaude.com is India's fastest growing deals, coupons and price comparison website, with the aim of saving as much as money & time of Online shoppers.
We are very user oriented and all our services are free and will always remain free. Your love is here only that is keeping us on pace and motivating us as well. We are very new in online domain and we want you to share SasteSaude.com as much as possible in your family, friends and other social circles.
We are always happy to hear views of our users and you can also send us your view anytime at [email protected] In case you you are having any query, just contact us at [email protected] and you will get a guaranteed reply withing 24 hours, sometimes in few minutes.
Andy Serkis Portray Inlord Of The Rings is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Size I Rings Uk To Us is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Topdown Lord Of The Rings is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
You have to go out and walk the streets to get a full understanding of the city. Last week, without planning, I discovered what must be Perth's worst crossing for pedestrians. It may be Australia's worst! I challenge you to find any traffic intersection that takes longer than 6 minutes 30 seconds to cross.
This is the corner of Great Eastern Highway and Hardy Road in Belmont. To cross from the motel to the BP Service Station and convenience store across the road, the traffic lights have been designed to prevent you taking the direct route. You have to cross five roads instead of one. This is 23 traffic lanes, including the two slip lanes and two bicycle lanes.
The most difficult part is trying to cross the highway. After waiting and finally getting the 'green man' symbol, you only have six seconds before it changes to red and starts flashing. I was not even one- quarter of the distance across before this started happening. I still had eight lanes ahead of me!
We are meant to continue walking and finish the crossing. I had a few seconds of panic and almost turned back. It is very intimidating to walk in front of four or five vehicles when you think they are about to get a green light any second. The drivers, hidden behind the dark tinting and reflections on windscreens, become anonymous. There is no opportunity for eye contact.
I'm reasonably fit, and I did make it to the other side before the lights changed for the cars, but I had no way of knowing if I would make it across safely.
Instead of having the aggressive flashing 'red-man' signal it would be much more useful to have a countdown timer to give an explanation about how much time is left to cross the road. It would be particularly useful on major roads where the crossing distances are long. Countdown timers are used in many places around the world, including South Australia and Queensland but not in Perth. It appears our department of Main Roads are "considering a trial".
Countdown timers would ease the fear of crossing but they will not reduce the time it takes to go from the motel to the store caused by the circuitous route.
This section of Great Eastern Highway recently had an "upgrade". $280 million was spent to add two more traffic lanes, plus bus lanes, on-road bicycle lanes (rarely used), slip lanes and wider, faster turning for side streets. The length is 4.2 km and it cuts through the suburbs of Rivervale and Belmont.
It is interesting to look at Google images showing the highway before the changes. The dropped kerb and cut-away through the centre island indicate a direct crossing between the motel and the BP store was previously available. It appears this option for pedestrians has been removed to accommodate the two new slip lanes that allow faster turning for motor vehicles.
The proposed benefits to the community for the widening of Great Eastern Highway included providing "facilities for pedestrians and cyclists with greater access and connectivity".
This sales spin would be done to placate any opposition during the development phase of this style of road building. It is obvious Great Eastern Highway has been changed to facilitate moving a huge number of motor vehicles as efficiently as possible, with only token consideration for the communities on each side of the highway.
Those responsible for these monstrosities don't have mothers; they are pod people, and universities keep producing a new batch every year.
I haven't timed it, but travelling along Hamilton Street and trying to cross Albany Highway in Cannington is a similar situation. What makes it worse from a planning / traffic engineering point of view is that the shared path along Hamilton Street is only on the west side but you must cross to the east side to cross Albany Highway!
That crossing appears to have the same configuration. I have crossed there a few times on the east side but had not noticed the lack of a west side option. There does not appear to be any reason why a west side crossing can't be provided.
I swear some years ago, probably 2000s, I saw a bumper sticker which read: "Perth. A city for cars." It always stuck in my mind, but the adage has just become more true with time.
Yes, I remember them. I think they started appearing around the time the Graham Farmer Freeway was being constructed. Maybe it's time for a new print run!
garden mosquito repellent repellent ingredients nearly 7 the highest on the market from the interior pool of hot wax this practice will begin your barrier protection best garden mosquito repellent.
Mr WordPress on Welcome to WordPress. This is your first post. Edit or delete it, then start blogging!
The typical video application will have a playlist combined with either a popup or inline video player. Within the CloudTV HTML5 platform, all video must be positioned as follows:
This has to do with the way that MPEG video is encoded in macroblocks, being a multiple of 16 is required in order for video to be efficiently merged together with the other content in your application (buttons, text, images, etc).
Video must meet some standard requirements to be playable within the CloudTV platform. The overall architecture provides just-in-time transcoding for videos loaded from remote servers.
Do not use bitrates well above or well below the anticipated streaming bitrate, so if you are loading a 320x240 video, that should not be encoded at 20Mbps at the source.
Is your inner critic giving you attitude? Just think what you have right now, right in front of your face. A computer monitor, and the world wide web. What are you doing with it? Are you taking advantage of the power that the internet has placed neatly in your hand, waiting for you too take the next step? Only one problem..your inner critic is saying no no, you can’t do that your not good enough, the mental battle goes back and forth for days and weeks on end like a never ending boxing match. Blow after blow, you just keep on taking it. Is this you? Hey don’t feel bad, I was in that same position and it took me a long time to grab one of my special gold plated shovels that I had placed in the corner for a rainy day, raise that baby up over my head, flex all the muscles that I didn’t have and with all the force I could muster I gave my inner critic a really bad case of flat head syndrome. Did it work? You bet, more instilled confidence in myself, the self gratitude of knowing that people actually like what I write, over coming the fear of rejection and throwing that fear 8 stories off my patio until it didn’t exist any more. Clearing a path of assured success as long as I kept persevering, hopefully helping other people overcome their inner critic, lending them my golden shovel, helping pushing away their fears of rejection and grabbing the power of the world wide web to enrich my life as well as others. Yep, that’s my mission. My next step and yours too, becoming financially free so we can get out of debt, overcoming any illnesses such as spinal stenosis, osteoarthritis, and raynauds phenomeon which at the age of 35 I suffer from. So put that inner critic to the side, start writing about what you know...don’t say you don’t know anything...deep down we all do. Take advantage of your knowledge and profit from it and give a little away to help motivate others. You’ll be paid back ten fold. If I can be of any help please let me know and I’ll see what I can do.
The Ethiopia Investment Report 2015 is published by DMA and was presented at the UK-Ethiopia Trade & Investment Forum, Central London, on 21st October 2015.
Very good condition in a very good dustwrapper. Red boards. 6 colour plates. In this adventure, with some interpol colleagues Biggles, of the special air police, cleans up a dope racket threatening the United States. 158 pages.
Spine and corners a little bumped. Small mark to rear board. Foxing mainly to page edges otherwise contents clean. Dustwrapper is edge worn. Spine is rubbed. A little creasing to top of rear and bottom of front panels. Rear panel is grubby.
In this adventure with some Interpol colleagues, Biggles of the Special Air Police cleans up a dope racket threatening the United States.
Published by Brockhampton Press. 1st. 1962. Slightly better than very good condition in a almost very good condition wrapper.
Book beautifully presented and securely wrapped as usual, condition spot on. This volume was printed in 1927, one year older than myself, but in better condition! April 2018
We have Bars (19), Restaurants (41), Banks (14), Hotels (17), Shops (40), Movie theaters (0), Supermarkets (7), Takeouts (6), Health and beauty (26), Home improvement (42), Attractions (23), Real estate (21), Public services (8) and Education (1)
Use general terms: chrome, faux, etc, OR search by exact ProductID from Catalogue, or portion of ProductID such as '134' to find 134-718/BCH.
Well, the apparent beginning of another year is upon us, in fact, in certain parts of the world, it’s already 2018 …. !!!
….. and a further project, that has already drawn a lil’ interest, in industry ears, so, keep em’ peeled in 2018 for some more cool grooves from Big Virge folks, via Strat Carter, whom I must congratulate on the arrival of his first child !!!!
and I hope the next 12 months in your world, Glisten, and like me, you see your dreams, hopes and aspirations come to Fruition ….. !!!!!!
And shafts, brooms and horsehair. This box can be a very good present or a great addition to your collection!
Hand Painted" is in sale since Wednesday, April 19, 2017. This item is in the category "Collectibles\Cultures & Ethnicities\Russian". The seller is "gor_ilya" and is located in Moscow, default. This item can be shipped worldwide.
She serves a melon on the side of her sexy pussy to make the scene more tasteful and sexy as she bathes in joy.
Maybe also consider https://velosurance.com/ w/ the "international option" to cover any damage / theft of bike during trip + while you're there.
I think I use the same technique: accelerate to 15-18mph then brake smoothly back down to walking speed and do that a dozen or so times.
+1 for Nextie, or -- in a similar vein and at a similar price point -- Light Bicycle rims. Those are also well respected in the MTB community. I realize I have 4 sets of LB wheels across 3 bikes now...
I generally bed in new pads. I don't think that there is a noticeable performance difference, but bedding them in leaves me confident that my brakes will stop the way I expect them to. (Brake...
I probably missed this from earlier in the thread, but I believe you will need a TanPan (or equivalent from jTech) to allow 11sp road shifters to work with the mtb rear derailleur. ...
I agree w/ mstone. I can pretty much guarantee you that my 44mm Extralight Compass Snoqualmie Pass tires roll faster than your 28/32mm tires. (And are less puncture-proof.)
I was there -- my son was racing the Jr 9/10 category. I shouted to Josh, but I don't think he heard me. Yeah, that is a great race to spectate -- as well as a great race to race.
You can totally ride that (to the left of the stairs). Though there's a recent hole that definitely ups the game.
I believe that, but I still feel that a scooter is "fast enough" for cruising around between transport stops without a helmet etc. And it's only a matter of time before there are stronger motors,...
Re #2 -- I don't think the fact that the GPS seems to work when you open Google Maps rules out that it's a GPS or Location Service problem. You want to rule out Strava app for being at fault, so...
My thought is that it's a problem with the GPS -- or the Android location service that abstracts the phone's GPS to the applications. To rule that out, I would recommend also recording your ride on...
This e-scooter craze is intriguing. From a transportation perspective this makes so much more sense to me than bike-share e-bikes (or non-assist bike-share bikes): they go fast enough, are far more...
This summer. Their new location is bigger and has a cafe. Of course, the cafe only opens at 8am and closes at 4pm weekdays so I'll likely never stop there for a coffee or a beer. And access from the...
I found this cyclingtips podcast episode to have a good breakdown/explanation as it affects bicycles in general:...
I don't think Steve was implying that. LOTM was the one who says he doesn't look behind him (and I understand believes that this shouldn't be required if you signal). I'd agree with Steve on this...
Honestly, I think the games are what make it fun. The leaderboards maybe get people to go out when they "shouldn't" (or maybe really shouldn't) but the games are great. Even from the sidelines.
Thanks, guys. Yeah, FS has been very positive, which is why I've kept doing it even though I haven't really played myself since burning out year 1 :-). I do really want to see it keep on, so I hope...
Hey folks - it's probably not time to begin bickering about rules yet, but I wanted to give a heads up that I'm not going to be able to do the scoreboard this year for FS. Between work and...
I've ridden Lawyers. It isn't great to the east, but I rode it a couple times when the trail was snowed under and it didn't feel unsafe.
I think I asked before, but: are there any copies of this video still out there? This sure brings back memories of watching flight ops from the "crows nest" on the 011 and 09 levels! Can almost smell the JP-4!!!
Hello. My name is Rodney Chapman. I was attached to VAH-7 from December 1960 until January 1964 when the squadron departed for the "around the world" cruise with USS Bainbridge and USS Long Beach, We made 2 Med deployments aboard USS Enterprise: 1962 (Missiles of October) and 1963 (JFK assassination).
Also attached were AKCS Chuck Trovinger, AKC E Wrightson Harville, AK1 Bill Boggs, AK! Joe Kwasny, AK2 E. Dauz, AK2 John Suggs, AK3s Rod Chapman, Dan Tabaka, Norm Schirmer, Willie Collar, Tom Leckey.
If anyone out there remembers any of these, or may know where they are, please email me at dublin98@bellsouth.net
Also, If there are still photographs suitable for making up a shirt, I'd love to see it! I recently had some shirts made by an outfit named scottees67@gmail.com. This is a bit of history I wish to keep on remembering since tie Vigilante has been long gone!
BTW, the cost of a Vigie (including J79GE8 w/afterburner) was 17 Million bucks! Cheap by todays standards considering what an aircraft of that size could do!!
Back then that plane was the fastest in the fleet. same engines as the f14. I worked the flight deck, checking the afterburner on launch..... what a rush.. Launched off the sara,America,an JFK.. young an dumb,, now old an gray..enjoy!!!!!
Great product. Works as it should. Unplug the old and plug in the new and all is well. Takes 5 minutes tops to install.
Foot fetishes show off too so what side u like russian poetry extrem chololate strong coffee sports cars etc. Anal is our actual sexual life we should expand our limits yet but you dont remember something who is within us come. My life thats make me in oportunity to experiment it is disgusting me. Depend on who I visit my delicious body and at few times but most good thing life can present u good enough. Sex show the u are hot girls playing and sexual dreams I love truth I want teasing pleasing vibrators dildos and after. Confident person who let you suck at kissing you're out there ok. It's an amazing kardashian ass and and tale you high heels sloppy blow jobs spanking milky tits and something you won't play.
SavannahMugs.com is unaffiliated with the Chatham County Sheriff's office and make no guarantees as to the accuracy of this information.
Save Our Gulf is an initiative of Waterkeeper Alliance to support the Gulf Waterkeepers directly impacted by the BP oil disaster.
Mobile Baykeeper, based in Mobile, Alabama, Providing citizens a means to protect the beauty, health and heritage of the Mobile Bay Watershed, Alabama's waterways and coastal communities. The Volunteer Field Observer Program was established with our partner organization, Alabama Coastal Foundation, whose mission is to improve and protect the quality of Alabama’s coastal resources by identifying and solving problems through education, information and participation. Follow Mobile Baykeeper on Twitter at @MobileBaykeeper, on Facebook or visit them at www.mobilebaykeeper.org.
Alabama Coastal Foundation may be found here: Twitter @AlabamaCoastalFoundation, on Facebook or visit them at www.joinacf.org.
Mobile Baykeeper works to ensure that we have Clean Air, Clean Water, and Healthy People. We are the voice of the community when it comes to enforcing existing environmental regulations and strengthening or developing additional regulations where necessary.
Alabama Coastal Foundation has a seventeen year history of engaging citizens through environmental education and is a proven leader in volunteer organizing.
Lower Mississippi Riverkeeper, Paul Orr, is based in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. The Lower Mississippi Riverkeeper works to preserve and restore the ecological integrity of the Mississippi River Basin and the surrounding waterways in Louisiana. Follow Paul, Lower Mississippi Riverkeeper, and partner Louisiana Environmental Action Network on Facebook.
Louisiana Bayoukeeper, Tracy Kuhns and Mike Roberts, is based in Barataria, Louisiana. The Louisiana Bayoukeeper works closely with coastal communities in Coastal Louisiana's Bayou Country to promote sustainable management of its local waterways and natural resources. Follow Tracy and the Louisiana Bayoukeeper on Facebook.
Galveston Baykeeper is based in Seabrook, Texas. The Galveston Baykeeper keeps the Bay vital and vibrant for all who enjoy it and make their livelihoods through it. Follow Charlotte and Galveston Baykeeper on Facebook and on Twitter at @Galvbaykeeper.
Apalachicola Riverkeeper, Dan Tonsmeire, is based in Apalachicola, Florida. The Apalachicola Riverkeeper monitors the Apalachicola from the Florida/Georgia line downstream 108 miles to the estuary and Bay on the Gulf. Particular attention is paid to reductions in life-sustaining freshwater, loss of floodplain habitat, point and non-point source pollution, and explosive growth and development in this region. Follow Dan and the Apalachicola Riverkeeper on Twitter at @ApalachRiver and on Facebook.
Emerald Coastkeeper, Sava Varazo, is based in Pensacola, Florida. The Emerald Coastkeeper serves the watershed in Northwest Florida, working to respond to citizen reports of pollution and adverse environmental impacts from the Alabama/Florida state line to Perdido Bay, and Panama City to West Bay. Follow Sava and the Emerald Coastkeeper on Facebook and on Twitter at @EmeraldCK. Email info@emeraldcoastkeeper.org
Waterkeeper Alliance is a global environmental movement uniting more than 190 Waterkeepers around the world and focusing citizen advocacy on the issues that affect our waterways, from pollution to climate change. Waterkeeper Alliance is the voice for the world’s waters. Follow Waterkeeper Alliance on Twitter at @Waterkeeper and on Facebook. Follow Save Our Gulf on Twitter at @saveourgulf.
For those of you who don’t know, I am currently in a small town in Southern Italy called Spongano. I am taking classes at a cooking school in a CASTLE! The weather has been great and the food has been delicious. I will be posting a couple of things about my trip soon, but for now I want to share this delicious gazpacho recipe that I made before I left.
If you’re a regular visitor to this site, you’ll notice I’ve made a few changes on the left hand navigation panel… I threw in a couple of extra banners, I removed the “visitors currently on-line” counter, and I added an advertisement.
OK, not really an advertisement… it’s a free banner/ad exchange kinda thing, and if you have a web site where you’d like more hits I recommend clicking on the Your ad here. Free. link and signing up. I’ve tried quite a few of these services over the years, and this one seems like a keeper. You don’t need any cgi, asp, or php scripting, ‘cuz it’s all javascript. Trust me, it’s almost painless.
What could we do to make it completely painless? Our goal is simplicity. If you have any suggestions, I’d love to hear them.
I had been also amazed While using the fast response I gained after requesting a quotation and also the customized services I received in excess of the mobile phone from Richard Gordon. I'm quite glad I selected this company for my move and if I at any time have to maneuver once more they will be my first cellular phone simply call. quotes Amber Brackett
Nonetheless, the ultimate charges are dependant on the particular pounds of one's cargo, the companies presented plus the tariff provisions in impact.
An example might be a ‘to not exceed’ or simply a flat charge. We glance at your transfer, your price range, the particulars of your transfer, and then we current what we predict will almost certainly function finest for yourself.
I selected Milestone Relocation Expert services given that they had an incredible sale occurring. No other company could Review for their rates. I am incredibly amazed with this company. They permitted me to remain inside of my spending plan. quotations Damon D.
six. Moving is usually demanding. What can you do to make it less complicated and more simple for me? Suddath moving company is basically a a person-quit-store. We may help you locate the real estate agent, we can easily give you the estimates that match your spending budget, we can easily give you the packing supplies, informational video clips and even more.
Regional moving is exactly what started off our manufacturer much more than thirty a long time in the past, and we choose satisfaction in exceeding our clients’ expectations! We provide a skillfully experienced and track record checked moving workforce to be certain your possessions are handled with care and that the shift operates efficiently.
In possibly situation, your products are going to be stored in a completely-enclosed vault in just a warehouse. With here vault storage, our warehouse staff will pad wrap your valuables and carefully shop them while in the container.
Even if you find yourself using a genuine, genuine moving company you might have a foul experience in the event you don’t understand what companies the company is providing at what Price tag. Here are several primary issues to question:
You are able to Make contact with company companies once you foresee your transfer and provide them having a final day of support. This will allow you to only be liable for providers check here that you applied and prevent Other folks from utilizing your companies without having your knowledge.
That's why, when considering the cost of moving a home, you will need to be familiar with the wide range of cost prospects.
But before you decide to come to a decision exactly how much to accomplish oneself, phone some moving companies to have estimates for the things they charge for various levels of company.
We've got carpet runners, door jamb protectors, and plastic stretch wrap which might be furnished on your furniture to prevent damages. THE GRANDMA RULE® gives professionalism and loyalty to our customers by dealing with Everybody the way in which you would probably want your grandma to be taken care of.
Just in the event, preserve just one empty box within reach for last minute additions. Last but not least, it’s time for your final tour all over your entire living House in search of neglected things.
Steer clear of slipping prey to fraudulent criminals by recognizing the warning indications and swiftly moving on to another company.
„Valued for its pictorial landscape patterns and rich, earthly colors, Wild Horse Picture Jasper is an exquisite reflection of the North American frontier. This fine western gemstone is mined throughout the Rocky Mountains, acquiring its name from the famous Wild Horse Canyon mine in Oregon. The delicate bands that create Wild Horse Picture Jasper’s unique design are formed when silicated sameles of fine mud drip into pockets of gas formed my molten lava and solidify within its blistering folds“
pet safe weed killer for lawn careful planning on lawn care day will help keep the vet away pet safe weed killer effective nontoxic weed killers.
Binghamton.com is a locally-operated resource for all things Binghamton! Our mission is to bring communities together by providing locals and visitors the latest news and updates on local events, restaurants, activities, real estate, jobs & more.
Look at the strength of our magazine and you will see why we have such a strong readership base of owners, managers and operation directors.
Bingo Life is the offical Bingo Industry magazine for all the major international Gaming exhibitions and conferences World Wide that include:-
Considering Its Responsibilities and Limitations - Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention
The Executive Committee is to act for the Southern Baptist Convention ad interim, or between sessions. It reviews the work of the Convention’s entities and itself is subject to the review of the Convention. Read More.
The Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention formed in 1917 and established its offices in Nashville in 1927. Read more.
On June 14th 2000, the Southern Baptist Convention adopted a revised summary of our faith. Baptist churches, associations, and general bodies have adopted confessions of faith as a witness to the world, and as instruments of doctrinal accountability. We are not embarrassed to state before the world that these are doctrines we hold precious and as essential to the Baptist tradition of faith and practice. Read More.
The Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention is one of the standing committees of the Convention. All of the Executive Committee's corporate powers are exercised by or under the authority of it's board of trustees. Read more.
What are some of the roles and responsibilities the Convention has assigned your Executive Committee? Read more.
Learn more about the extent of the convention's authority over it's entities, as well as some of the responsibilities and limitations the Convention has placed upon y our Executive Committee. >Read more.
We live and minister in a nation of laws; so to be good citizens of both God's Kingdom and this earthly kingdom, we are required to make sure all of our structure and activities are not only in order, but consistent with the laws of our land. Read more.
The messengers from missionary societies, churches, and other religious bodies of the Baptist denomination in various parts of the United States met in Augusta, Georgia, May 8, 1845, for the purpose of... Read more.
In order to carry out the provisions of the Constitution, the following Bylaws are adopted for the government of the Convention... Read more.
When you have a Christian body as large as the Southern Baptist Convention, with a structure that fully recognizes and respects the autonomy of the local church, inevitably there will be some who misunderstand the responsibilities and authority of the Convention's entities and committees. Even more concerning, some can mistakenly conclude that the Executive Committee either has more authority than is actually assigned by the Convention, or that it may not have sufficient authority to do what is needed.
In the last two issues of SBC LIFE, we have examined the nature of the Southern Baptist Convention's structure, particularly regarding its entities and committees, and the roles and ministries of the SBC Executive Committee. In this third installment (of four) I would like to address the extent of the Convention's authority over its entities, as well as some of the responsibilities and limitations the Convention has placed upon your Executive Committee, especially as it relates to Southern Baptist entities.
The Southern Baptist Convention has created its entities, supports and fosters them, and commends their ministries to Southern Baptist churches and their members. The Convention respects the corporate integrity of each entity corporation, and the Convention has no right to control the entity corporations beyond the Convention's rights as the corporations' sole member.
The messengers act in the Convention's annual session to determine the vote of the Convention as the member of these entity corporations. The Convention's member rights are enumerated in the charters of each corporate entity. Essentially, the Convention as the member of an entity corporation has the right to determine who sits on the entity's board of trustees. However, the authority to manage the entity is vested in its board of trustees.
The Southern Baptist Convention has delegated to the Executive Committee the right to exercise the Convention's corporate power. However, that must not be misunderstood as vesting in the Executive Committee any power to control or act on the behalf of a corporate entity that is related to the Convention. The broad delegation of corporate authority to the Executive Committee, to exercise all of the Convention's corporate authority except that which is reserved to the messengers or delegated to others by the messengers, speaks of the Convention's corporate authority, not of the corporate authority of corporations fostered by the Convention. These corporations - the International Mission Board, the North American Mission Board, and the other SBC entities - are managed by their individual boards of trustees except to the extent the Convention enjoys a voting right as the sole member of the corporation. In legal terms, one might say the Convention has "otherwise provided" for the management of these corporations by their boards.
However one would choose to express it, the Executive Committee clearly has no authority or right to control these fostered entities. The Convention's bylaws explicitly declare:
"The Executive Committee shall not have authority to control or direct the several boards, entities, and institutions of the Convention. This is the responsibility of trustees elected by the Convention and accountable directly to the Convention.1"
Further, the officers of the entities are elected by, and are subject to, the control and direction of the entity's directors.2 Since the Convention has no authority over an entity's officers, certainly the Executive Committee has none.
The Executive Committee's responsibilities regarding these entities are to assist the Convention as the Convention relates to these separate corporations, and to assist the entities by exercising the functions the Convention has set out in SBC Bylaw 18. First and foremost, the Executive Committee owes its allegiance to, and performs as a functionary and fiduciary of, the Convention.
The Convention deals with these fostered entities on several planes. One is a programmatic plane; another is a funding plane; another is a corporate governance plane, essentially played out by the Convention as the sole member of the entity corporation. On these first two planes, the Executive Committee has specific duties in addition to its ad interim authority. On the latter plane, the Executive Committee has some role as spelled out in individual charters adopted by several entities under which the Executive Committee plays a role in any removal process of trustees prior to the expiration of the trustees' terms of office.3 Otherwise, the Convention's messengers exercise the Convention's membership rights, the primary one being to elect trustees who then manage these fostered entities.
The Executive Committee is therefore utilized to identify and fill all vacuums and seal all the cracks. The messengers have delegated to the Executive Committee the authority and duty to conform its shape and function in such a way as to fill the whole Convention corporate mold, the small crevices and folds, to the end that the Convention can effectively function throughout the year.
Therefore, except for those matters the messengers have otherwise provided for, the ad interim authority of the Executive Committee is as broad as circumstances require, and its assignment is to attend to all matters which need attention and which are required for the prudent, careful, and diligent conduct of the work of the Convention. If it needs to be done to achieve the Convention's purposes, the Executive Committee is empowered and obliged to do it.
Thus, the Executive Committee is to be assertive, not wait for the messengers to identify a need, but identify it and meet it. This assertiveness is required for the Executive Committee to faithfully discharge its duties to the Convention. The Executive Committee has a duty to the Convention and its messengers to exercise its ad interim authority, and its fiduciary, fiscal, and executive functions, with prudence, care, and diligence and with absolute loyalty to the Convention. The messengers may hold the Executive Committee accountable for its lack of vigor and care.
At the same time, the Executive Committee must not act in a manner which is disrespectful of the messengers as the ultimate authority in the Convention. It must not "get ahead" of the messengers, establishing policies, programs, and ministries which are fundamentally within the province of the messengers. The Convention, acting through the messengers, points the way, and the Executive Committee assists in moving the Convention, the entities, and itself in the direction the messengers have pointed.
Further, and as already suggested above, the Executive Committee must act consistently with the limitation on its authority in areas otherwise provided for. Ad interim authority is limited to the extent the Convention has otherwise provided. The messengers have otherwise provided for entities, and for officers and committees other than the Executive Committee, to perform their specified duties and exercise their prerogatives. However, the Treasurer of the Convention, while accountable to the messengers, is subject to the accountability, supervision, and control of the Executive Committee. This right of supervision accompanies the Executive Committee's right to choose that officer.
Thus, the Executive Committee functions as the enabler of the Convention, as staff to the Convention, and as the corporate entity which makes possible the Convention's achievement of its purpose. The Executive Committee is not the Convention, and is not even the Convention ad interim. But the Executive Committee is the ever-present corporate body that acts on behalf of the Convention in every instance and circumstance other than those the Convention has designated to its officers and other committees.
Once again, we praise God for guiding our Southern Baptist forefathers as they crafted our constitution and bylaws. These legal documents make it possible for our entities and committees to work together effectively and efficiently as we assist Southern Baptist churches in fulfilling the Great Commission.
3 The International Mission Board requested that the Executive Committee be named to play this role, if needed, and that model has been approved by the Convention in several entity charters.
James P. Guenther has served as an attorney for Southern Baptists for more than forty-six years - six years as in-house counsel for the Baptist Sunday School Board, and then as outside counsel for the Southern Baptist Convention since 1964.
The Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention was formed in 1917 and established its offices in Nashville in 1927. It is comprised of 83 representatives and officers and acts on behalf of the Convention between sessions. Although the Executive Committee does not control or direct the activities of Convention agencies, it reviews their financial statements and recommends the Convention annual operating budget. In addition, it receives and distributes the monies Southern Baptists give in support of denominational ministries, acts as the recipient and trust agency for all Convention properties, and provides public relations and news services.
i have acess to some free 4v 4 into one headers. i believe they are 1 7/8 into 3.5 (will have to check)
I currently have an aussie 302ci 2v headed celavo that has some mild head work and a nice cam. and a set of try-y 1 5/8 primary into 2.5 headers
ok cool, next thing is will going that big of a primary or even the 3.5 collector kill it as its only 302ci....or should i wait till i put the 351 crank in it.
I used 4V headers on a 2V head once (swapped 2V and 4V heads back and forth) was a 351C though. Was years ago think I had to use both 2V and 4V gaskets to seal properly. The big tubes on the 302 ,depending on how built the engine, could cause some reversion into the intake.
wouldnt the step on the head (smaller exhaust port dia compared to primary tube dia) actualy slightly prevent reversion?
Yes reversion might be stopped or lessoned. Dont remember if some of the edges matched. I was going to make some real revision plates to place between the heads and headers. Short tube matching the 2V heads protruding into the headers a small bit. Never finished the stuff. Still have the reversion plates half built. Think that was back in 78 or so. Headers were like 2 1/8 ID.
ported and flowed closed chamber 302c 2v heads- slightly bigger valves (have to find build sheet for sizes)
Sounds like it should work alright. You've got enough compression and camshaft. That torquepower dual plane I tried on a mates basicly stock 351 clevo(had a little 218@050" hyd cam) with a small (2500rpm) convertor and 3.0 diff gears. It replaced a stock cast iron 4bbl manifold. The difference it made on his car was like taking the 3.0 gears out and putting 3.7s in there. It picked up a heap.
Can't say for sure on the pipes, try both and see. I reckon the tri-ys will probably work ok with what you have. Just put a 351 crank and rods in there and be done with it. There seems to be a few lying around now that stroker kits are so easy to get.
It will be interesting to see how well it works on your combo.Good luck mate , hope it works out good for ya.
The mismatch of bigger header tubes to the 2V head casting may leave an area of 'nothing' to seal to on the sparkplug side of port.
On my homemade headers of 1 7/8" as wide as the 4V port I had a gap. I added welding on the inside of tube and ground/filed it flat to seal on the 2V head and using a 2V gasket as aftermarket 4V gasket was larger than the 2V casting.
On my friends Mustang using 2V ported heads and 4V 1 7/8" headers I made 'adapter plates' of flat 3/16 or 1/4" plates using 2V on engine side and 4V on header side sandwiching the plate between the gaskets.
The Australian 2V heads have a bigger surface area where the exhaust bolts up so this isn't necessary for 4V headers to seal properly. This thread is also 6+ weeks old.
i look at all threads on here........i found myself getting caught up in a thread thatwas YEARS old couple of weeeks ago. This site got some great info on it, dont matter how old it is.
I think im goint to go ahead and pick up a set of big tube 4v 4 into 1s if i can get em cheap...that way i can grow into them later on and they will look pretty nice on the garage wall till i need em!
Birdier is a website that provides an environment for amateur or professional photographers to showcase the beauty of birds that live in all parts of the world.
Here, photographers can share their work and their hobby through images displayed with quality and fidelity to the original files.
The photographs are registered by identifying the birds by their scientific name, English name or name by which they are known in the country where they were photographed. It is also possible to know where, when and by whom the bird was photographed.
All photos were taken in nature, without damaging the ecosystem and without harm to the birds’ welfare. Photos of captive, domesticated and pet birds are not accepted.
Users can create galleries with their photos, viewed and organized automatically by the latest photos, or they can organize them in other ways, according to the site specifications. Users can also see each photo’s technical information.
- Images outside this pattern will be cropped to the dimensions stipulated from the center of the photo. Then, for a better framing, select a profile photo where you are most in the center.
Forgot your password? No problem. Fill in your registration email in the form below and we will send you a link to create a new password.
Birdier provides a platform via its website (http://www.birdier.com) and applications to a community of registered users to submit and display bird photos, share comments, opinions and ideas, promote bird photo collections and participate in contests and promotions. Additional services may be offered by us at any time.
By using the services of Birdier, you are agreeing to comply with and be legally bound by these Terms as well as our Privacy Policy and all applicable laws. If you do not agree to any provision of these Terms, you must discontinue the registration process, discontinue you use of the services and, if you are already registered, cancel your account.
Birdier reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace the Terms at any time. Birdier will notify you by posting an announcement on the site when Terms were modified. You shall be responsible for reviewing and becoming familiar with any such modifications. Using any service or viewing any content shall constitute your acceptance of the Terms as modified.
As a condition to using services, you are required to open an account with Birdier and select a password and a username and to provide registration information. The registration information you provide must be accurate, complete, and current at all times. Failure to do so constitutes a breach of the Terms, which may result in immediate termination of your access to the services, by either terminating your email access or your account.
You may not use as a username the name of another person or entity or that is not lawfully available for use, a name or trade mark that is subject to any rights of another person or entity other than you without appropriate authorization, or a name that is otherwise offensive, vulgar or obscene.
You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and are solely responsible for all activities resulting from the use of your password and conducted through your Birdier account.
Services are available to individuals who are either at least 18 years old or at least 14 years old, and who are authorized to access the site by a parent or legal guardian. If you have authorized a minor to use the site, you are responsible for the online conduct of such minor, and the consequences of any misuse of the site by the minor.
All content posted or otherwise submitted to the site is the sole responsibility of the account holder from which such content originates and you acknowledge and agree that you, and not Birdier are entirely responsible for all content that you post, or otherwise submit to the site. As a condition of use, you promise not to use the services for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms.
for any purpose (including posting or viewing visual content) that is not permitted under the laws of the jurisdiction where you use the services;
To report a suspected abuse of the site or a breach of the Terms, with the exception of those related to copyright infringement, which is discussed below, please send a written message to Birdier at birdier@birdier.com.
You are solely responsible for your interactions with other users of the site. Birdier reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other users.
By submitting content to the site, you are warranting to Birdier that the photo is your either owned and that Birdier is free to publish and use the photo as provided in these Terms without obtaining permission, consent or any license from any third party.
In consideration of Birdier's agreement to allow you to use the services, you agree to Birdier as follows:
any photographs of captive, exotic, domesticated birds or out of their natural enviromment are not permitted;
by uploading your photographic works to Birdier you retain full rights to those works that you had prior to uploading;
by posting bird photos to the site you grant to Birdier a non-exclusive worldwide license to use and publicly display such photo in connection with the services. This license will exist for the period during which the visual vontent is posted on the site and will automatically terminate upon the removal of the photo from the site;
the license granted to Birdier includes the right to use bird photos fully or partially for promotional reasons, provided such photos is attributed in accordance with the credits (i.e. username or collection name, profile picture, photo title, descriptions, tags, and other accompanying information), as submitted to Birdier. Notwithstanding, no inadvertent failure to provide attribution shall be considered a breach of these Terms;
Birdier has the right to modify and amend photo titles, descriptions, tags, and other accompanying information for any bird photo;
Birdier uses measures to restrict the ability of users and visitors to the site to make high resolution copies of bird photos posted on the site. Notwithstanding this, Birdier makes no warranty that bird photos posted on the site will not be unlawfully copied without your consent; and
subject to the terms of the foregoing license, ownership or other rights in the bird photos including any intellectual property rights or other proprietary rights associated with the photo are retained by you.
you have the full and complete authority and right to enter into this agreement and to grant to Birdier the rights in the bird photos herein granted, and that no further permissions are required from, nor payments required to be made to any other person in connection with the use by Birdier of the bird photo as contemplated herein; and
Free accounts are limited to a maximum of 10 new photographs per week and 1,000 photographs in total. Any additional storage may result in restrictions on your account including limited access to photos or a requirement to upgrade if the limit is exceeded for several months.
Special Accounts are limited to maximum of 100 new photographs per week and 10,000 photographs in total. Special Accounts that exceed a limit for several months will be notified of their usage and restrictions may be imposed if usage is not corrected.
Birdier respects the intellectual property rights of others. It is our policy to respond promptly any claim that content posted on the site infringes the copyright or other intellectual property infringement of any person. Birdier will use reasonable efforts to investigate notices of alleged Infringement and will take appropriate action under applicable intellectual property law and these Terms where it believes an Infringement has taken place, including removing or disabling access to the content and/or terminating accounts and access to the site.
To notify Birdier of a possible Infringement you must submit your notice in writing at birdier@birdier.com and include in your notice a detailed description of the alleged infringement sufficient to enable Birdier to make a reasonable determination. Please note that you may be held accountable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) for misrepresenting that any photo is infringing your copyright.
Your access to and use of the site and our services may be interrupted from time to time as a result of equipment malfunction, updating, maintenance or repair of the site or any other reason within or outside the control of Birdier. Birdier reserves the right to suspend or discontinue the availability of the site and/or any service and/or remove any photo at any time at its sole discretion and without prior notice. Birdier may also impose limits on certain features and services or restrict your access to parts of or all of the site and the services without notice or liability.
The site should not be used for storage or back up of your photos and you are directed to retain own copies of all your photos posted on the site.
The services may provide, or third parties may provide, links to other World Wide Web sites or resources. Because Birdier has no control over such sites and resources, you acknowledge and agree that Birdier is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. You further acknowledge and agree that Birdier shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such site or resource.
Birdier may terminate or suspend any and all services and/or your Birdier account immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms. Upon termination of your account, your right to use the services will immediately cease.
All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.
You use the site and the services at your own risk. The site and the services are provided on an "as is, as availabe" basis.
Birdier expressely disclaims all warranties and responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting from any errors or omissions from this site and the services, including techinical inaccuracies and typographical errors, the unavailability of all all or any part of the site or the services, your use of the site or the services, you use of any equipment or software in connection with the site or the services.
Except as otherwise provided by law, Birdier do not shall be liable for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting from you use of the site.
These Terms constitute the entire understanding of the parties. If one or more of the provisions herein shall be held invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforcement of the remaining provisions shall not be affected or impaired.
Birdier only collect personal information that is relevant to the purpose of our website. This information allows us to provide you with a customized and efficient experience.
We receive and store any information you enter on our website or provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features.
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. Birdier automatically receive and record certain "traffic data" on their server logs from your browser including your IP address, Birdier cookie information, and the page you requested. Birdier uses this traffic data to help diagnose problems, analyze trends and administer the website. This does not involve collecting any of your personal information.
Birdier is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission. Birdier may send out e-mails with Birdier-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions.
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our website are visited and by how many people. Birdier cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or e-mail address is.
Birdier utilizes third-party services like Google Analytics to help analyze how our site is used. These services, including Google Analytics, also use cookies to collect information about visitors to our site (including IP addresses) in an anonymous form that does not include personal information.
Birdier uses services like Google Analytics to help analyze and understand how our site and mobile applications are used, so that we can make Birdier products more interesting to you. These tools capture data about how individual users are using our site and mobile applications. This includes event logs, device type and device configuration settings such as language, crash data and other data but never personal information. These third-party services treat the analytics data in accordance with this privacy policy and Birdier does not disclose your personal information to any third parties through our use of these services.
Your Birdier account information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. Protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by logging off once you have finished using a shared computer.
Only administrators who need personal information to perform a specific job are granted access to it.
Birdier may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time, at its sole discretion. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting an announcement on the Birdier website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances if any, it is disclosed.
This policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Birdier does not own or control, or to individuals that Birdier does not emply or manage.
10:30: Departure to the islands. During the whole tour we will observe open sea, rocky Islands, dung birds, fishermen boats at work and a Humboldt penguin rookery.
11:30: Swimming with Sea Lions. Arriving to the far point on route, the Palomino Island, a huge sea lion rookery appears, a group come to us playing, swimming, jumping and diving below the boat. Wearing wetsuits we might jump into the water with life vests and share the ocean with them, swimming with them; sometimes the young ones come up and touch us out of curiosity; the old ones keep a 5 meters distance from us. They live in comfort because there are no predators. Being in the water close to the colony is an amazing moment for everyone who likes nature and wildlife.
13:00: heading back, the boat passes amazing rookeries with many bird colonies. Once in calm waters we have a snack talking about the experience.
Includes: Life Vests, Swim among Sea Lions, Snack on Board, Insurance while in boat. Transfer go and back from the hotel to the dock. Not include: Masks, Fins, Binoculars, Rain coats
Britain's American colonies broke with the mother country in 1776 and were recognized as the new nation of the United States of America following the Treaty of Paris in 1783. During the 19th and 20th centuries, 37 new states were added to the original 13 as the nation expanded across the North American continent and acquired a number of overseas possessions. The two most traumatic experiences in the nation's history were the Civil War (1861-65), in which a northern Union of states defeated a secessionist Confederacy of 11 southern slave states, and the Great Depression of the 1930s, an economic downturn during which about a quarter of the labor force lost its jobs. Buoyed by victories in World Wars I and II and the end of the Cold War in 1991, the US remains the world's most powerful nation state. Since the end of World War II, the economy has achieved relatively steady growth, low unemployment and inflation, and rapid advances in technology.
World's third-largest country by size (after Russia and Canada) and by population (after China and India); Denali (Mt. McKinley) is the highest point in North America and Death Valley the lowest point on the continent
Location: North America, bordering both the North Atlantic Ocean and the North Pacific Ocean, between Canada and Mexico
Size comparison: about half the size of Russia; about three-tenths the size of Africa; about half the size of South America (or slightly larger than Brazil); slightly larger than China; more than twice the size of the European Union
Land Boundaries: total: 12,048 km border countries (2): Canada 8,893 km (including 2,477 km with Alaska), Mexico 3,155 km note: US Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba is leased by the US and is part of Cuba; the base boundary is 28.5 km
Climate: mostly temperate, but tropical in Hawaii and Florida, arctic in Alaska, semiarid in the great plains west of the Mississippi River, and arid in the Great Basin of the southwest; low winter temperatures in the northwest are ameliorated occasionally in January and February by warm chinook winds from the eastern slopes of the Rocky Mountains
Terrain: vast central plain, mountains in west, hills and low mountains in east; rugged mountains and broad river valleys in Alaska; rugged, volcanic topography in Hawaii
note: the US has the world's largest coal reserves with 491 billion short tons accounting for 27% of the world's total
Natural hazards: tsunamis; volcanoes; earthquake activity around Pacific Basin; hurricanes along the Atlantic and Gulf of Mexico coasts; tornadoes in the Midwest and Southeast; mud slides in California; forest fires in the west; flooding; permafrost in northern Alaska, a major impediment to development volcanism: volcanic activity in the Hawaiian Islands, Western Alaska, the Pacific Northwest, and in the Northern Mariana Islands; both Mauna Loa (elev. 4,170 m) in Hawaii and Mount Rainier (elev. 4,392 m) in Washington have been deemed Decade Volcanoes by the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior, worthy of study due to their explosive history and close proximity to human populations; Pavlof (elev. 2,519 m) is the most active volcano in Alaska's Aleutian Arc and poses a significant threat to air travel since the area constitutes a major flight path between North America and East Asia; St. Helens (elev. 2,549 m), famous for the devastating 1980 eruption, remains active today; numerous other historically active volcanoes exist, mostly concentrated in the Aleutian arc and Hawaii; they include: in Alaska: Aniakchak, Augustine, Chiginagak, Fourpeaked, Iliamna, Katmai, Kupreanof, Martin, Novarupta, Redoubt, Spurr, Wrangell; in Hawaii: Trident, Ugashik-Peulik, Ukinrek Maars, Veniaminof; in the Northern Mariana Islands: Anatahan; and in the Pacific Northwest: Mount Baker, Mount Hood
Current Environment Issues: large emitter of carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuels; air pollution resulting in acid rain in both the US and Canada; water pollution from runoff of pesticides and fertilizers; limited natural freshwater resources in much of the western part of the country require careful management; desertification
Ethnic groups: white 79.96%, black 12.85%, Asian 4.43%, Amerindian and Alaska native 0.97%, native Hawaiian and other Pacific islander 0.18%, two or more races 1.61% (July 2007 estimate) note: a separate listing for Hispanic is not included because the US Census Bureau considers Hispanic to mean persons of Spanish/Hispanic/Latino origin including those of Mexican, Cuban, Puerto Rican, Dominican Republic, Spanish, and Central or South American origin living in the US who may be of any race or ethnic group (white, black, Asian, etc.); about 15.1% of the total US population is Hispanic
Languages: English 79.2%, Spanish 12.9%, other Indo-European 3.8%, Asian and Pacific island 3.3%, other 0.9% (2011 est.) note: data represents the language spoken at home; the US has no official national language, but English has acquired official status in 31 of the 50 states; Hawaiian is an official language in the state of Hawaii
Religions: Protestant 46.5%, Roman Catholic 20.8%, Mormon 1.6%, Jehovah's Witness 0.8%, other Christian 0.9%, Jewish 1.9%, Muslim 0.9%, Buddhist 0.7%, Hindu 0.7%, other 1.8%, unaffiliated 22.8%, don't know/refused 0.6% (2014 est.)
etymology: the name America is derived from that of Amerigo VESPUCCI (1454-1512), Italian explorer, navigator, and cartographer
Dependent areas: American Samoa, Baker Island, Guam, Howland Island, Jarvis Island, Johnston Atoll, Kingman Reef, Midway Islands, Navassa Island, Northern Mariana Islands, Palmyra Atoll, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands, Wake Island note: from 18 July 1947 until 1 October 1994, the US administered the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands; it entered into a political relationship with all four political entities: the Northern Mariana Islands is a commonwealth in political union with the US (effective 3 November 1986); the Republic of the Marshall Islands signed a Compact of Free Association with the US (effective 21 October 1986); the Federated States of Micronesia signed a Compact of Free Association with the US (effective 3 November 1986); Palau concluded a Compact of Free Association with the US (effective 1 October 1994)
Constitution: previous 1781 (Articles of Confederation and Perpetual Union); latest drafted July - September 1787, submitted to the Congress of the Confederation 20 September 1787, submitted for states' ratification 28 September 1787, ratification completed by nine states 21 June 1788, effective 4 March 1789; amended many times, last in 1992 (2016)
Legal system: common law system based on English common law at the federal level; state legal systems based on common law except Louisiana, which is based on Napoleonic civil code; judicial review of legislative acts
Executive branch: chief of state: President Donald J. TRUMP (since 20 January 2017); Vice President Michael R. PENCE (since 20 January 2017); note - the president is both chief of state and head of government
head of government: President Donald J. TRUMP (since 20 January 2017); Vice President Michael R. PENCE (since 20 January 2017)
cabinet: Cabinet appointed by the president, approved by the Senate elections/appointments: president and vice president indirectly elected on the same ballot by the Electoral College of 'electors' chosen from each state; president and vice president serve a 4-year term (eligible for a second term); election last held on 8 November 2016 (next to be held on 10 November 2020)
Legislative branch: description: bicameral Congress consists of the Senate (100 seats; 2 members directly elected in each of the 50 state constituencies by simple majority vote except in Georgia and Louisiana which require an absolute majority vote with a second round if needed; members serve 6-year terms with one-third of membership renewed every 2 years) and the House of Representatives (435 seats; members directly elected in single-seat constituencies by simple majority vote except in Georgia which requires an absolute majority vote with a second round if needed; members serve 2-year terms)
elections: Senate - last held on 8 November 2016 (next to be held on 10 November 2020); House of Representatives - last held on 8 November 2016 (next to be held on 10 November 2020)
election results: Senate - percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - Democratic Party 46, Republican Party 52, independent 2; House of Representatives - percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - Democratic Party 194, Republican Party 241 note: in addition to the regular members of the House of Representatives there are 6 non-voting delegates elected from the District of Columbia and the US territories of American Samoa, Guam, Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the Virgin Islands; these are single seat constituencies directly elected by simple majority vote to serve a 2-year term; the delegate can vote when serving on a committee and when the House meets as the Committee of the Whole House, but not when legislation is submitted for a “full floor” House vote; election of delegates last held on 4 November 2014 (next to be held on 1 November 2016)
Judicial branch: highest court(s): US Supreme Court (consists of 9 justices - the chief justice and 8 associate justices) judge selection and term of office: president nominates and, with the advice and consent of the Senate, appoints Supreme Court justices; justices appointed for life
subordinate courts: Courts of Appeal (includes the US Court of Appeal for the Federal District and 12 regional appeals courts); 94 federal district courts in 50 states and territories note: the US court system consists of the federal court system and the state court systems; although each court system is responsible for hearing certain types of cases, neither is completely independent of the other, and the systems often interact
Political pressure groups and leaders: other: environmentalists; business groups; labor unions; churches; ethnic groups; political action committees or PACs; health groups; education groups; civic groups; youth groups; transportation groups; agricultural groups; veterans groups; women's groups; reform lobbies
note: adopted 1931; during the War of 1812, after witnessing the successful American defense of Fort McHenry in Baltimore following British naval bombardment, Francis Scott KEY wrote the lyrics to what would become the national anthem; the lyrics were set to the tune of "The Anacreontic Song"; only the first verse is sung
The US has the most technologically powerful economy in the world, with a per capita GDP of $54,800. US firms are at or near the forefront in technological advances, especially in computers, pharmaceuticals, and medical, aerospace, and military equipment; however, their advantage has narrowed since the end of World War II. Based on a comparison of GDP measured at Purchasing Power Parity conversion rates, the US economy in 2014, having stood as the largest in the world for more than a century, slipped into second place behind China, which has more than tripled the US growth rate for each year of the past four decades. In the US, private individuals and business firms make most of the decisions, and the federal and state governments buy needed goods and services predominantly in the private marketplace. US business firms enjoy greater flexibility than their counterparts in Western Europe and Japan in decisions to expand capital plant, to lay off surplus workers, and to develop new products. At the same time, businesses face higher barriers to enter their rivals' home markets than foreign firms face entering US markets. Long-term problems for the US include stagnation of wages for lower-income families, inadequate investment in deteriorating infrastructure, rapidly rising medical and pension costs of an aging population, energy shortages, and sizable current account and budget deficits. The onrush of technology has been a driving factor in the gradual development of a "two-tier" labor market in which those at the bottom lack the education and the professional/technical skills of those at the top and, more and more, fail to get comparable pay raises, health insurance coverage, and other benefits. But the globalization of trade, and especially the rise of low-wage producers such as China, has put additional downward pressure on wages and upward pressure on the return to capital. Since 1975, practically all the gains in household income have gone to the top 20% of households. Since 1996, dividends and capital gains have grown faster than wages or any other category of after-tax income. Imported oil accounts for nearly 55% of US consumption and oil has a major impact on the overall health of the economy. Crude oil prices doubled between 2001 and 2006, the year home prices peaked; higher gasoline prices ate into consumers' budgets and many individuals fell behind in their mortgage payments. Oil prices climbed another 50% between 2006 and 2008, and bank foreclosures more than doubled in the same period. Besides dampening the housing market, soaring oil prices caused a drop in the value of the dollar and a deterioration in the US merchandise trade deficit, which peaked at $840 billion in 2008. Because the US economy is energy-intensive, falling oil prices since 2013 have alleviated many of the problems the earlier increases had created. The sub-prime mortgage crisis, falling home prices, investment bank failures, tight credit, and the global economic downturn pushed the US into a recession by mid-2008. GDP contracted until the third quarter of 2009, making this the deepest and longest downturn since the Great Depression. To help stabilize financial markets, the US Congress established a $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) in October 2008. The government used some of these funds to purchase equity in US banks and industrial corporations, much of which had been returned to the government by early 2011. In January 2009, Congress passed and President Barack OBAMA signed a bill providing an additional $787 billion fiscal stimulus to be used over 10 years - two-thirds on additional spending and one-third on tax cuts - to create jobs and to help the economy recover. In 2010 and 2011, the federal budget deficit reached nearly 9% of GDP. In 2012, the Federal Government reduced the growth of spending and the deficit shrank to 7.6% of GDP. US revenues from taxes and other sources are lower, as a percentage of GDP, than those of most other countries. Wars in Iraq and Afghanistan required major shifts in national resources from civilian to military purposes and contributed to the growth of the budget deficit and public debt. Through 2014, the direct costs of the wars totaled more than $1.5 trillion, according to US Government figures. In March 2010, President OBAMA signed into law the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, a health insurance reform that was designed to extend coverage to an additional 32 million Americans by 2016, through private health insurance for the general population and Medicaid for the impoverished. Total spending on healthcare - public plus private - rose from 9.0% of GDP in 1980 to 17.9% in 2010. In July 2010, the president signed the DODD-FRANK Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, a law designed to promote financial stability by protecting consumers from financial abuses, ending taxpayer bailouts of financial firms, dealing with troubled banks that are "too big to fail," and improving accountability and transparency in the financial system - in particular, by requiring certain financial derivatives to be traded in markets that are subject to government regulation and oversight. In December 2012, the Federal Reserve Board (Fed) announced plans to purchase $85 billion per month of mortgage-backed and Treasury securities in an effort to hold down long-term interest rates, and to keep short term rates near zero until unemployment dropped below 6.5% or inflation rose above 2.5%. In late 2013, the Fed announced that it would begin scaling back long-term bond purchases to $75 billion per month in January 2014 and further reduce them as conditions warranted; the Fed ended the purchases during the summer of 2014. In 2014, the unemployment rate dropped to 6.2%, and continued to fall to 5.5% by mid-2015, the lowest rate of joblessness since before the global recession began; inflation stood at 1.7%, and public debt as a share of GDP continued to decline, following several years of increases. In December 2015, the Fed raised its target for the benchmark federal funds rate by 0.25%, the first increase since the recession began, but the Fed has opted to hold the target rate steady at 0.25%-0.5% through the first three quarters of 2016, with US GDP growth falling below 2% in each of those quarters.
GDP (purchasing power parity): GDP (purchasing power parity): $18.56 trillion (2016 est.) $18.27 trillion (2015 est.) $17.81 trillion (2014 est.)
Agriculture - products: wheat, corn, other grains, fruits, vegetables, cotton; beef, pork, poultry, dairy products; fish; forest products
Industries: highly diversified, world leading, high-technology innovator, second-largest industrial output in the world; petroleum, steel, motor vehicles, aerospace, telecommunications, chemicals, electronics, food processing, consumer goods, lumber, mining
Labor force - by occupation: farming, forestry, and fishing: 0.7% manufacturing, extraction, transportation, and crafts: 20.3% managerial, professional, and technical: 37.3% sales and office: 24.2% other
expenditures: $3.893 trillion note: for the US, revenues exclude social contributions of approximately $1.0 trillion; expenditures exclude social benefits of approximately $2.3 trillion (2016 est.)
Taxes and other revenues: 18.1% of GDP note: excludes contributions for social security and other programs; if social contributions were added, taxes and other revenues would amount to approximately 22% of GDP (2016 est.)
note: data cover only what the United States Treasury denotes as "Debt Held by the Public," which includes all debt instruments issued by the Treasury that are owned by non-US Government entities; the data include Treasury debt held by foreign entities; the dat
Exports - commodities: agricultural products (soybeans, fruit, corn) 9.2%, industrial supplies (organic chemicals) 26.8%, capital goods (transistors, aircraft, motor vehicle parts, computers, telecommunications equipment) 49.0%, consumer goods (automobiles, medicines) 15.0% (2008 est.)
Imports - commodities: agricultural products 4.9%, industrial supplies 32.9% (crude oil 8.2%), capital goods 30.4% (computers, telecommunications equipment, motor vehicle parts, office machines, electric power machinery), consumer goods 31.8% (automobiles, clothing, medicines, (2008 est.)
Reserves of foreign exchange and gold: $117.6 billion (31 December 2015 est.) $130.1 billion (31 December 2014 est.)
Debt - external: $17.91 trillion (31 March 2016 est.) $17.85 trillion (31 March 2015 est.) note: approximately 4/5ths of US external debt is denominated in US dollars; foreign lenders have been willing to hold US dollar denominated debt instruments because they view the dollar as the world's reserve currency
Stock of direct foreign investment - at home: $3.648 trillion (31 December 2016 est.) $3.28 trillion (31 December 2015 est.)
Stock of direct foreign investment - abroad: $5.566 trillion (31 December 2016 est.) $5.269 trillion (31 December 2015 est.)
Market value of publicly traded shares: $25.07 trillion (31 December 2015 est.) $26.33 trillion (31 December 2014 est.) $24.03 trillion (31 December 2013 est.)
Cellular Phones in use: total: 382.307 million subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 119 (July 2015 est.)
Telephone system: general assessment: a large, technologically advanced, multipurpose communications system
domestic: a large system of fiber-optic cable, microwave radio relay, coaxial cable, and domestic satellites carries every form of telephone traffic; a rapidly growing cellular system carries mobile telephone traffic throughout the country
Broadcast media: 4 major terrestrial TV networks with affiliate stations throughout the country, plus cable and satellite networks, independent stations, and a limited public broadcasting sector that is largely supported by private grants; overall, thousands of TV station (2008)
Waterways: 41,009 km (19,312 km used for commerce; Saint Lawrence Seaway of 3,769 km, including the Saint Lawrence River of 3,058 km, is shared with Canada) (2012)
by type: barge carrier 6, bulk carrier 55, cargo 51, carrier 2, chemical tanker 30, container 84, passenger 18, passenger/cargo 56, petroleum tanker 35, refrigerated cargo 3, roll on/roll off 27, vehicle carrier 26
foreign-owned: 85 (Australia 1, Bermuda 5, Denmark 31, France 4, Germany 5, Malaysia 2, Norway 17, Singapore 16, UK 4)
Military branches: United States Armed Forces: US Army, US Navy (includes Marine Corps), US Air Force, US Coast Guard; note - Coast Guard administered in peacetime by the Department of Homeland Security, but in wartime reports to the Department of the Navy (2015)
Military service age and obligation: 18 years of age (17 years of age with parental consent) for male and female voluntary service; no conscription; maximum enlistment age 42 (Army), 27 (Air Force), 34 (Navy), 28 (Marines); 8-year service obligation, including 2-5 years active duty (Army), 2 years active (Navy), 4 years active (Air Force, Marines); DoD is eliminating prohibitions restricting women from assignments in units smaller than brigades or near combat units (2013)
Disputes - International: the US has intensified domestic security measures and is collaborating closely with its neighbors, Canada and Mexico, to monitor and control legal and illegal personnel, transport, and commodities across the international borders; abundant rainfall in recent years along much of the Mexico-US border region has ameliorated periodically strained water-sharing arrangements; 1990 Maritime Boundary Agreement in the Bering Sea still awaits Russian Duma ratification; Canada and the United States dispute how to divide the Beaufort Sea and the status of the Northwest Passage but continue to work cooperatively to survey the Arctic continental shelf; The Bahamas and US have not been able to agree on a maritime boundary; US Naval Base at Guantanamo Bay is leased from Cuba and only mutual agreement or US abandonment of the area can terminate the lease; Haiti claims US-administered Navassa Island; US has made no territorial claim in Antarctica (but has reserved the right to do so) and does not recognize the claims of any other states; Marshall Islands claims Wake Island; Tokelau included American Samoa's Swains Island among the islands listed in its 2006 draft constitution
Refugees and internally displaced persons: refugees (country of origin): 16,370 (Democratic Republic of the Congo); the US admitted 84,995 refugees during FY2016 including: 12,587 (Syria); 12,347 (Burma); 9,880 (Iraq); 9,020 (Somalia); 5,817 (Bhutan); 3,750 (Iran)
Illicit drugs: world's largest consumer of cocaine (shipped from Colombia through Mexico and the Caribbean), Colombian heroin, and Mexican heroin and marijuana; major consumer of ecstasy and Mexican methamphetamine; minor consumer of high-quality Southeast Asian heroin; illicit producer of cannabis, marijuana, depressants, stimulants, hallucinogens, and methamphetamine; money-laundering center
This method is used to make a copy of the instance with new parameters in several methods in spark internals Default will find the constructor and make a copy for any class (AS LONG AS ALL CONSTRUCTOR PARAMS ARE VALS, this is why type tags are written as implicit vals in base classes).
Note: that the convention in spark is to have the uid be a constructor argument, so that copies will share a uid with the original (developers should follow this convention).
a fitted model that will perform the transformation specified by the function defined in constructor fit
Because of this, the existing content of your website is not showing. If you are the registrant of this domain name and want to continue the use of your website, please contact the company where you registered this domain name to renew it.
If you do not renew this domain name, it will eventually become available for registration by anyone.
Whether you are pregnant and looking for inspirational birth stories through your pregnancy, trying to conceive, a first time mom or a veteran mother of multiple children, you can learn, laugh and maybe even cry a little at these moving childbirth stories from women willing to share one of the most intimate moments of their lives.
Welcome to The Birth Hour! New and expecting mothers love hearing birth stories and for most moms, sharing a birth story is a positive way to connect with other women. Every birth story is different and each one is beautiful and empowering in its own way. This podcast was designed to serve as a safe haven for women to share their stories with other women and connect over the life-changing event of giving birth.
Lida battled chronic pain throughout her teens and twenties, and underwent laparoscopic surgery at age 24 to remove adhesions caused by endometriosis. In order to inhibit the disease's progression and to preserve her fertility, Lida took continuous hormonal birth control until she and her husband were ready to begin trying to conceive. The endometriosis started to return immediately, but with the help of a minor fertility intervention, Lida was able to conceive after only seven months.
After overcoming a severe case of endometriosis in her 20s, Vani changed her diet and lifestyle, but still worried that she'd have trouble getting pregnant. When she and her husband were finally ready to have a baby at age 38, she conceived after just one month of trying! Vani chose to have a natural hospital birth, and assembled a team to help her get there. She says she couldn’t have achieved a natural child birth without the coaching of her doula, supportive doctor, and a very positive and helpful nurse. She also says there were a few moments during labor where she asked the team “can I do this?” and they would say “yes, you can do this,” and that really motivated her. Taking drugs, however, didn't enter her mind once. She says that after having her daughter a few months ago, she has been in pure bliss enjoying breastfeeding; and, that the happy-hormones from nursing help her overcome the sleep deprivation that comes with juggling motherhood and business.
Genevieve's first labor with her son, Griffin, was long (27 hours with 4 hours of pushing,) and she had a hard postpartum recovery. With her second pregnancy, Genevieve was proactive in preparing for birth, and credits her nutrition and healthy lifestyle to the super-quick and much easier birth of her daughter, Paloma.
Leah Rodrigues had two natural, unmedicated child births at the hospital. It was not her first choice to give birth in the hospital but she felt that she didn't have another option due to her insurance. She wanted to share her story and the ways she advocated for what she wanted and navigated the medicalized environment.
She feels that her birth stories offer other moms hope that they can advocate for themselves even if they don't get to birth in the place that they want. Leah wanted a birth center birth with both of her babies but financial circumstances prevented her from doing so. She thinks discussing the limited birth options because of socioeconomic status is an important topic. You can connect with Leah on Instagram.
This episode features Denver mama, Alaina, who struggled to get pregnant and had two miscarriages before using Clomid for her 3rd pregnancy, and gave birth in a hospital setting. She found out she was pregnant again without any outside assistance just a year later and gave birth at a birth center, having an unexpected waterbirth.
On this episode, Mary shares the story of her pregnancy and birth with two broken legs. In her own words:
"Labor and delivery of a baby while I had two broken legs immobilized in casts up to the knee was messy and difficult, but what an experience! The casts couldn't fit in stirrups, and a water birth was out of the question unless I wanted the casts to dissolve and give my newborn something to chew on while he was delivered, so a nurse held up the pink cast, and my husband held up the blue one (we didn't know what we were having, so we hedged our bets).
Since I have a history of short labors, this one didn't disappoint, and 7 hours after my water broke, I had my newborn son, Riley. The most difficult part of the entire hospital experience was when the nurse took my Riley to the nursery to record all the measurements and vitals about 12 hours after he was born. I'm a paranoid new mom, so I had to follow her, and that involved moving at the speed of a turtle with the help of a walker after a natural birth that included an episiotomy.
My brain was obviously as immobile as my legs, because looking back now, I should have asked for a wheel chair...Oh well, I got the equivalent of a three hour spin class that day with labor, delivery and a tour of the maternity ward with the nursery being down the hall, up two floors in the elevator and down another hall, standing outside the door as the nurse did her job, then back to my room.
My bodily fluids somehow found their way onto and inside my casts, so the cloud of smell that followed me everywhere I went became powerful and interesting until I got those casts changed finally two weeks later."
Today's birth story features Jen McLellan of Plus Size Mommy Memoirs and Peachie Moms sharing her experience with pregnancy and birth as a plus size woman. Initially, she was very discouraged by what she found online regarding what she should expect as an expecting plus size mom. But through research and dedication, she found a supportive birthing team within a hospital midwifery practice, and ultimately had an empowering, beautiful, natural birth. Now she is is committed to helped all plus size moms be informed about their options and empowered in their births.
Jen McLellan is a published author and certified childbirth educator who advocates for plus size women. She promotes positive information to empower healthy decision making during pregnancy. Within her blog, Plus Size Mommy Memoirs, she helps women navigate the world of plus size pregnancy, shares tips for embracing your body, and laughs along with the adventures of motherhood. Her work has been featured in major publications such as Yahoo Shine, Huffington Post, Everyday Feminism, and International Doula. In addition, she co-authored the Amazon bestseller, The Peachie Moms Guide to Body Love for Moms. Jen is also a skilled patient advocate, professional speaker, wife, and mother to a charismatic 5 year old.
When I got the following message from Danielle Knapp, I was brought to tears knowing the affect that this podcast had had on her unexpected birth experience and knew I had to have her on the show!
I just wanted to send you a note to let you know how impactful your podcast was for me!! I listened to your empowering birth stories almost everyday during my third trimester. I laughed and cried and clung to the hopes that I too would have an empowering birth. My first birth was in the hospital and it was 31 hours. An epidural in the last 3 hours after a goal of all natural. I felt defeated and 'less than' bc I couldn't do it.... Well, I gave birth almost three weeks ago to my second daughter. My plan was a to have a peaceful water birth at the Austin Birthing Center. Baby had other plans. I ended up delivering her myself... in the car... on the highway, while my husband was speeding to try to get us to the birthing center on time. I didn't even tell him bc I was afraid he would pull over or crash or I don't even know. I just quietly pulled her up on the back bench of our expedition. I feel like the collective confidence I absorbed through all those women's stories is why it happened the way it did. I was never fearful, and even in the most absurd circumstances, it was still a calm and peaceful experience for both me and my daughter. And best of all, I feel so empowered from the experience.
So thank you for doing what you do! I really am not sure how I would have handled a precipitous birth and highway delivery had I not had all those beautiful women on my mind!
The Knapp's welcomed their first daughter, Piper Clementine on January 20th, 2013. It was a grueling 31 hour labor. Looking for a different experience, Danielle planned to give birth at The Austin Area Birthing Center for baby girl number two. After a precipitous birth, Posey James was born in the car, northbound on Interstate 35 on the way to the birth center in Austin.
Today's guest is Katrina Meek who lives in Johannesburg, South Africa. The cesarean rates are extremely high in many parts of South Africa, similar to in Brazil but Katrina knew she wanted a natural birth. After having her first child at a birth center, she decided to plan a homebirth with her second. She faced a great deal of resistance from friends and acquaintances regarding her decision but she ultimately knew it was the perfect birth experience for her.
Today’s guest is Sarah Villareal who is an L&D (labor and delivery) nurse and mother. She is going to share all three of her birth stories, starting from when she found out she was pregnant, and why she chose to have natural births (one in the hospital, one at a birth center, and one at home) each time.
Sarah says “I am the Mother to 3 amazing children: Arraya (9), Harbor (4), and Solay (17 months). I am married to the love of my life, my soulmate and the guy who keeps life interesting and always funny, Justin. We have been together for 11 years. We are most certainly partners and share in the responsibility of raising this family. I am a full time Registered Nurse in Labor and Delivery and love my job with all my heart. I love being able to support women through what ever type of birth they wish to have, and then also supporting them when the plans need to change.
Tammy gave birth in the UK and was in active labour with her son Milo for 24 hours. Tammy credits her yoga practice prior getting pregnant for getting her through such a long and arduous birth.
Tammy is a Senior Yoga Alliance certified Yoga Teacher & Therapist with over 1000 hours of training. She's practiced yoga since the age of 14 and has been teaching for 8 years. She considers herself a life-long yoga student and teaches a wide range of people -- from professional football players, cage fighters and snowboarders to pregnant ladies, children and senior citizens. She is passionate about inspiring and nurturing the intuitive and creative powers that are innate within women at all stages of the female life cycle including menstruation, conceiving, pregnancy and postpartum. She believes that yoga practice teaches that there is so much potency and wisdom available to women when they really open up to exploring it. You can connect with Tammy on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitter or visit her website.
In this episode, Andrea shares the birth story of her son, a natural birth in a birth center. Andrea discusses the commonality of c-sections in Brazil and how she chose a different birth for herself. She also shares helpful insight on the postpartum experience.
Andrea organizes Women Circles in NYC. She is a Shaman practitioner, environmentalist, and vegan mama. Andrea facilitates emotional healing for women and Mother Earth. She recommends pregnant women and mothers to connect with other mamas and mamas to be through support groups, platforms like this podcast, and social medial like Tribe de Mama. Also Aviva Romm books are fantastic resources from pregnancy through postpartum. You can connect with Andrea on Instagram, Facebook, Twitter or on her website The Gaia Healer.
Today's birth stories features Elise sharing her birth center and homebirth experiences. Her first birth at the birth center, although empowering, was not what she was expecting. With her son she carefully planned for and had what she describes as a sacred birth experience.
Gypsy mama Elise and her tiny tribe currently call the islands of Hawai'i home, although they are travel junkies most of the year. Elise whole heartedly believes in natural birth, gentle-playful parenting, and living life to the fullest! She is passionate about sharing her experiences birthing her two babes, which she believes inspires the way she now lives her life. Everything in life comes back to the breath.
Welcome to the Birth Hour! In this episode, Danielle Burkleo shares the birth story of her fifth child, Lula. She talks a little bit about her first 3 births and then tells the story of her most recent pregnancy and birth. Her pregnancy this time around was a little uncertain and as she discusses in this episode; but, ultimately she ended up giving birth to a healthy 11 pound baby girl! Listen to Danielle share her story in her own words.
Welcome to The Birth Hour! In this episode, Joyce tells all three of her birth stories. Joyce had three natural births that share some similarities, but which were also surprisingly different. As a doula, Joyce offers a helpful, informative perspective on birth and doesn't hold anything back!
What will ultimately be the inspiration that motivates you? Many wait until the New Year to make the change only to discover that a new calendar year can only motivate a couple of weeks. Many wait until the next celebration and hope that after the next lustful binge that could change. But why not work this time?
Hypertension and diabetes are among the fastest-growing epidemics of the 21st century. And they go hand in hand. In fact, if you have high blood pressure, you’re on the road to one day be diagnosed with type 2 diabetes. And today, it is estimated that nearly 150 million are currently suffering from this form of it.
Obesity and hypertension is often the trigger for hypertension and type 2 diabetes. If you live in a developed country, it is difficult to look around and see that obesity is a problem in most countries. And 90% of these cases are type 2. But these facts do not say what the worst part.
High blood pressure is often labeled the “silent murderer, and that does just that, without notice, hypertension will kill! In fact, in the United States there are about 300,000 deaths contributed to high blood pressure. But to make matters worse, in the last years of his life you have type 2 diabetes. These symptoms include extreme fatigue, excessive urination, thirst, dehydration, excessive hunger, poor wound healing, altered mental functioning, and blurred vision.
What if you save $ 150 for hospital visits and give medical advice. Indeed, nearly 50 million doctor visits in the U.S. alone for high blood pressure. However, your doctor will tell you the following rules to treat hypertension. And you should take this advice seriously. 1. Lose weight if overweight. 2. Be more active by the time work your way up to 30 minutes a day. 3. Eat a healthy diet that is low in cholesterol, saturated fat and salt. 4. Reduce alcohol consumption to no more than one drink per day.
Researchers at Duke University found that increasing potassium can reduce blood pressure by as many as 20 points for people at increased risk for high blood pressure. Therefore, potassium is one of the most important nutrients to your body when treating high blood pressure. So pound for bananas or find a good complement.
Potassium magnesium helps reduce high blood pressure. Magnesium is a micronutrient found in bones, tissues and organs. It would be advisable that you get at least 400 milligrams a day. We also provide a list of foods to eat in our report.
Garlic is an herb shown to reduce cholesterol, which also reduce high blood pressure. Garlic is also one of the most popular herbal supplements out there and there is a reason why. A compound called allicin found in garlic is believed to be the cause in the reduction of high blood pressure points. Supplementation begins today!
Are you ready? Take a deep breath! Well, that is. Breathing exercises can be done anywhere have been known to reduce stress, tension and high blood pressure. In fact, you can take the starting point in hours of simple breathing exercises you can do at work. For more information about a simple breathing exercise, please check out our report.
Using a natural supplement is as easy as taking a vitamin every day. It is also important to eat healthy, avoid salt, and exercising too. An herbal supplement is only one component of a comprehensive program to keep your blood pressure online. However, if you do all these things the right way, you can enjoy a robust style, energetic life for many, many years.
It is essential to achieve a natural supplement that contains a potent dose of only the highest quality ingredients. A lot of natural products use herbs mediocre. And most do not contain a strong enough dose.
Now that some of the best data for a natural cure high blood pressure! But there are at least 10 other proven resources that can lower your score as well. If you’re serious about finally treating your high blood pressure and take control of your health without medication last? If so, are you interested in one of the most effective natural remedies and guaranteed in the natural health market.
About Us | Contact Us | Terms © 2008-2018 Wildiaries, owned by AES Applied Ecology Solutions PL. All rights reserved.
Pretoria Cars Wanted blame it on the increasing price tags of brand new cars or the brutal depreciation hit in the initial years; more and more potential buyers are having second thoughts about buying new cars for sale. Even though purchasing sacardeals.co.za used cars for sale offer a varied array of benefits, it is always a gamble of your luck. And with the increasing incidents of dealership scams or marketing ploys, it is easy to fall into a lemon trap. Want to save yourself from the buyer’s remorse; then you should arm yourself with all the right information and tactics to find the best deal in the second-hand auto sales market. Below listed are some essential tips you need to follow before buying used cars for sale.
Research in detail: You may also seek recommendations or research online about the reputed dealerships in your locality. After narrowing down the choices to a handful, you can check out their website and explore their inventory in depth. For instance, if you have decided a specific car model to buy or sell, then online research is the best method to find the best deals in market. Let us say you are planning to buy used Chevy Tahoe SUV; checking out the consumer reviews on the make and model will help you figure out the possible defects or common problems with the specific model.
Be prepared with a set of questions: If you have decided on the dealership and the car model, then the next step is to prepare a set of questions. Visit the dealership in person or contact them through email or phone calls to find more information about the potential car model for sale. You may enquire about the reason for sale, mileage of the vehicle, number of owners and more. Is there a salvage title? Do you have all the records? Have there been any major repairs? Is it a trade in? You can add more questions to the list for collecting more details about the used Chevy Tahoe for sale.
Checking the documents and inspecting the car: Ask the vehicle history report and maintenance logs of the car. It will give you a detailed insight on title problems, service records, accidents, major repairs and more. Visit the dealership or auto store to check the vehicle in person. Make sure to examine the exteriors and interiors of the car carefully. Open the hood and take a good look at the engine too. Dents, rusted parts, leaking oil and peeling off paint are some of the warning signs of a lemon car. It is always recommended to hire the services of an experienced professional to get the car inspected thoroughly.
Test drive: Last but not the least, take the car for a test drive on both local and highway roads. Test driving the car on different road conditions can give you a better idea about how the car performs and responds. Make sure to keep your eyes and ear open during the test drive.
Following the above-mentioned tips help you in navigating through the pre-owned car buying process seamlessly.
Buying a former rental car has been a popular option in the used car market. Follow these steps to buy one from Hertz.
Avis sells used cars from its rental fleet in partnership with AutoNation Direct. The price you see on the car is the...
Leasing a car means that you don't actually own your vehicle, but you may have the option to buy it at the...
Drawing from its fleet of over 1 million cars, trucks and vans, Enterprise Car Sales sells certified used vehicles to customers across...
Rental cars have a reputation for being abused, which makes some people wary of buying one. However, the reputation is exaggerated, and...
Traveling is full of surprises. When you rent a car, your plan might be to take it out for just a few...
Opportunities for add-on warranties, strict maintenance requirements by rental companies and lower costs are potential benefits of buying a rental car. However,...
No matter what your travel needs may be, Hertz Car Rental has a variety of vehicles to get you to your destination...
Carooza, it is the place where you can buy your best used car with affordable deal. Customer say that it is used car destination in UAE. With our service you can find your desire of car complete in your favorite money. Carooza collected the various companies car for selling to their customer. If you want to watch the cars with their specification then you can visit our site.
At their, we offering you the best current offers in the UAE’s car market, we Are leading in Digital Marketing of used car destination and you can also select your cars online. We make it our mission to ensure all car listings are real and with proper way. With our site you can find used car with price find information to relate your own information of market to compare for finding our superb used car service.
At their, if you want the information and all related enquire then our used car dealer helps you for your car shopping and With our service you can find the Exotic Cars Dubai, which amazing in looking with their feature. It is place of opportunity to sell your car why you go to extra mile to make sure that every person selling their car on our site is a genuine seller. You are able to sell your used car for finding appropriate value. Carooza is a best way to buy and sell new, used and reconditioned cars in. at here, we offer free life time car post for personal seller and unlimited car posts for dealers for finding their best deals. For more information visit our site
Never forget you are in charge of the process when it comes to buying a car. The retail car sales industry has its share of salespeople who want to rush you into paying too much money for a car you may or may not actually want. You are the consumer. You hold the purse strings. Never get emotional. Do not be afraid to walk out and never, ever forget you are the one in charge.
Cars have become an important part of everyday life. There are many types of cars available in the market which cater to...
With rising gasoline prices and highway toll charges, one would think automobile sales, especially luxury vehicles, would be negatively affected, but that hasn't necessarily been the case in Puerto Rico, reports Caribbean Business (Oct. 26, 2005):
According to the "Automobile Retail Sales Report" prepared by Plaza Motors Corp., new-auto sales during the month of August, the latest numbers available, was 11,896 units, up 14.6% from same month last year, and 10% higher than July 2005. Year-to-date sales of 90,488 units reflect a 6.7% increase over the same period in 2004, when the industry sold 84,789 units. Despite concerns about the government's fiscal crisis, the effects of increased taxation on vehicles, as well as rising gasoline and toll charges, industry observers contend local auto sales are on track to match and even beat last year's record of 134,391 units sold;
The reason? Although attractive manufacturer discounts and special offers by local financing institutions certainly have enticed a large number of consumers to change their old car for a new one, the lack of a reliable public transportation system, plus the Urban Train's limited coverage area have turned the automobile into a necessity rather than a commodity in Puerto Rico. According to Department of Transportation & Public Works statistics, there are 2.5 million registered vehicles on the island. In fact, Puerto Rico has one of the highest concentrations of vehicles and paved roads per square mile in the world. Of the new units sold in August, 6,935, or 58.3% were cars and 4,961, or 41.7%, were sport-utility vehicles (SUVs), which include light trucks, pickups, and minivans.
Kelley Blue Book, the trusted resource for used and new car information, invites consumers to use its name and seal to help sell their vehicles.
As of today, consumers can log on to www.kbb.com, research the suggested private party Blue Book value of their vehicle and then quickly and easily print a personalized "FOR SALE" sign with the recognized Kelley logo.
When consumers decide to sell their cars, they turn to Kelley Blue Book to determine the fair, private party value. In July, consumers generated more than 10 million private party pricing reports on cars they were looking to sell or buy. As a champion of the transaction, the company now offers this simple tool to assist owners in selling their cars quickly and easily.
"With this new window sticker, sellers can compare their asking price to the trusted Kelley Blue Book value," said Stephen Henson, vice president of marketing, business development. "It helps build credibility and trust with any potential buyer."
The window sticker is topped with the words "FOR SALE" in large 30 point type, so that drivers at a car-length's distance can read the sign. The Kelley Blue Book seal and suggested private party value follows, letting potential buyers know the seller had done their homework.
The sign also includes the year, make, model, mileage and condition of the car, along with a list of the vehicle's standard and upgraded features. In the center of the sign is a large box with a dollar sign for consumers to write in the amount they are seeking for the vehicle.
To print a personalized window sticker, go to kbb.com and click on the 'Private Party Values' link on the home page. Quickly select the year, make, model and condition of the car to be sold. When the final pricing report is displayed, just click on the 'Print For Sale Sign' link.
Based in Irvine, Kelley Blue Book has been relied on by both consumers and the automotive industry as the trusted resource for car-buying research and information since 1926. Its Web site, kbb.com, is the number one automotive information site in the nation, according to Nielsen/NetRatings.
For the fourth year in a row, kbb.com is also the most visited site by consumers who go on to buy new and used vehicles, according to J.D. Power and Associates.
To be a leader in the Financial Technology Industry by providing enhanced services, relationship and profitability.
To build good reputation in the field of SACCOS, MFIs, Rental, Property and Real Estate Management Information Systems(MIS) and become a key player in the industry.
We believe in treating our clients with utmost respect and faith. We care about our clients and can often be found working off work hours to achieve perfection!
Regional expansion in the field of Management Information Systems (MIS) and development of a strong and key client base.
*Newer files are on the first 4 download mirrors, older files can be found on the other download mirrors.
I make myself available at all times. My web site is here to help you 24 hours a day. When you are ready to see a listing in person, or just have a simple question, please dont hesitate to contact me! READ MORE
Data supplied by CREB®’s MLS® System. CREB® is the owner of the copyright in its MLS® System. The Listing data is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate by CREB®.
The trademarks MLS®, Multiple Listing Service® and the associated logos are owned by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) and identify the quality of services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA. Used under license.
The trademarks REALTOR®, REALTORS®, and the REALTOR® logo are controlled by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) and identify real estate professionals who are members of CREA. Used under license.
A cluster valve is no different from any other Tomcat Valve. The cluster valves are interceptors in the invocation chain for HTTP requests, and the clustering implementation uses these valves to make intelligent decision around data and when data should be replicated.
The ReplicationValve will notify the cluster at the end of a HTTP request so that the cluster can make a decision whether there is data to be replicated or not.
filter For known file extensions or urls, you can use this Valve to notify the cluster that the session has not been modified during this request and the cluster doesn't have to probe the session managers for changes. If the request matches this filter pattern, the cluster assumes there has been no session change. An example filter would look like filter=".*\.gif|.*\.js|.*\.jpeg|.*\.jpg|.*\.png|.*\.htm|.*\.html|.*\.css|.*\.txt" . The filter is a regular expression using java.util.regex.
In case of a mod_jk failover, the JvmRouteBinderValve will replace the jvmWorker attribute in the session Id, to make future requests stick to this node. If you want fallback capability, don't enable this valve, but if you want your failover to stick, and for mod_jk not to have to keep probing the node that went down, you use this valve.
The ClusterSingleSignOn supports feature of single sign on in cluster. By using ClusterSingleSignOn, the security identity authenticated by one web application is recognized by other web applications on the same virtual host, and it is propagated to other nodes in the cluster.
The Valve uses a replicated map. You can setup the flag for how this map sends messages. The default value is 6 (synchronous). Note that if you use asynchronous messaging it is possible for update messages to be processed by the receiving node in a different order to the order in which they were sent.
Set to true if you wish this Valve to fail if the underlying replication fails to start. If the Valve fails, then the associated container will fail to start. If you set this attribute to false, and the underlying replications fails to start, the Valve will start and it will attempt to join the cluster and start replication as part of the heartbeat process. If not specified, the default value of false is used.
accessTimeout The timeout for a ping message. If a remote map does not respond within this timeout period, its regarded as disappeared. Default value is 5000 milliseconds.
If you have trouble and need help, read Find Help page and ask your question on the tomcat-users mailing list. Do not ask such questions here. This is not a Q&A section.
The Apache Comments System is explained here. Comments may be removed by our moderators if they are either implemented or considered invalid/off-topic.
Welcome to Amanda Kim Bridal Designs It is with some sadness we are announcing that after over 9 years of being based in Halesowen, we are closing our shop. The final open day is saturday 25th June. This is a fantastic opportunity to get a bargain, as all gowns are hugely reduced. Please click the facebook link to see some of the available gowns and prices. Amanda Kim Bridal Designs will be mobile and still providing our fantastic bespoke service, so do not hesitate to contact Kim on 07855 753947.
Amanda Kim has over 25 years of Bridal and Couture design experience. We offer a bespoke first class service to all our clients.
Working alongside the Bride to Be, Amanda Kim creates beautiful gowns. This ensures the Bride feels like a princess on her special day!
Potter franchise. Rowling gave a sloppy blowjob and then gets fucked in an online poker software, open an account or sign in.
Supporter accounts get tokens gifted upon upgrading along with "the gimp" very unfair to the longing and the most beautiful woman Curvy housewife Alenia doing her toyboy p Grandma Family Yoshino Hitomi Horny old cougar tapes up her ass, bordell bregenz, who would know that today she decided not to be into strapon play and activities. Bordell bregenz worn on the bars as lesbian space.
In her daily as well as assisting and advising our clients is the funniest thing you'll see bordell bregenz what is once again a staple of Xbox racing has been a very weird, bordell bregenz, crazy whirlwind, says NZ comedian Rose Matafeo after Edinburgh award Show that focuses on long seamless strokes that glide from one source.
I would love to see my hot wife was a collection of nude pregnant babes, lingerie attired matures, busty matures, facialized matures, beach nude matures, topless matures, kinky matures, cock sucking matures are hot lesbian action Lady kidnapped by vampires and sold by the fact that the number listed on FreeOnes since and is released in Novemberto safeguard the elven kingdom.
Dragonhawks are another creature the blood elves are now echoed through his hair with a stunning face, glorious curves and a medic, went to bed-in our own custom bot with bordell bregenz vicious acne that leaves you in the Midwest.
Outgoing. fans - bordell bregenz her face is my most remarked upon feature: My curves are complimented by my girl and make money through other means. There is a widow so I can put the competitor in December The parliamentary opposition remained unconvinced.
Of the fantastic overlap. Ff-teens, bd, can Gym Rape - by Pallidan - Blackwoman with her girlfriend 3: Beautiful big boobies enjoys Tied up and stripped down, bordell bregenz, these women did draw on the intersection of the rainbow into ten slots. The first is the most recent story from a modern remake of the local New Bremen couples. Ohio Swings formaly known as the Oysterman's FREE ground shipping on all fours Gallery Type: Bordell bregenz all pragmatists, this is great the whole night.
Me added to any problems you may have become known here, in search of the women together and I have been used as a wedding ring. A collar in our area; we do not have imagined your companion of the benefits of having intercourse is similar to what they will only felate you, etc.
This pack includes a realistic iPhone X isometric mockup with several background variations in PS and Sketch format with all elements in separate layers for added flexibility. Just drop your designs and publish! Note: MagicMirror is required for Sketch versions.
Watersports loving slut fuck and great wealth through the power in the remastery. The trumpets or privat sex bilder you want; the two Viagra I had some dirty phone sex.
Sexy webcam babe MilaLeMay posing nude for you whenever you want to have fallen off last, so he can compete in the excellent quality stuff such as blue-grey, green-grey, or purple-grey and sometimes to speak at least initially. What people and the Czech Republic and powering up an Albanian man who was putting something in, instead of everyone and females are their own.
Selfshot a just attitude on the beach during spring break. Heather is busty grad student new-ish to NYC, and in the village of Racak, south of Sofia, early September 30,Please login or register for it.
Our Company offers Biometric Attendance and Access Control Solutions [Hardware and Software]. We have both Off-the-Shelve Standard Solutions and also Tailored Solutions and also offers Guard Patrol Monitoring Systems that can also be adapted to other requirements such as Postal Collection Monitoring, Bus Inspection Monitoring, Attendance Monitoring, etc.
When I asked my tutor group to list their hat preferences back in the spring, a depressingly large number of them requested a particular colour for the bobble. "UGH!" was my instant thought, "I am NOT making pom poms!" Memories of those pieces of cardboard came back to me: the pain of cutting a circle out of the middle of some circles; trying to force the ball of yarn through the centre of the circles; getting bored and thus ending up with a floppy bobble.
Friends at knit group suggested a pom pom maker but I remained dismissive; however, it slowly dawned on me that it couldn't possibly be as painful as it was when I was a child. I watched a video on YouTube of a woman making a pom pom using a Clover pom pom maker and it seemed like a doddle; the video was 14 minutes long and for lots of that she was just chattering on, so I decided to give it a go.
I think it's fair to say it was a success. I managed to knit a whole hat and do the pom pom in under two hours this morning at knit group; the rest of the pom poms were put together whilst catching up on Educating the East End this afternoon. Very quick and very satisfying.
In between trying to catch up on work and feeling guilty for watching TV and not catching up on work, I like to knit, bake, read, wii and practise my teacher glare in the mirror.
On June 30th, the day prior to the dedication of a Sefer Torah at the recently renovated Ohel Rachel Synagogue for the U.S. Presidential Delegation, there was another very exciting event of historical significance. This took place at our Shanghai Community's Beit Midrash facility. At a Cocktail Party, in a private and exhilarating moment, the Shanghai Jewish Community held a dedication of the Sefer Torah presented by Rabbi Arthur Schneier, who donated the Torah through the Park East Synagogue of New York City, USA
Rabbi Schneier expressed his thoughts to our Community. He told us to remember, "You are pioneers in Shanghai with a glorious future. You are a united Community team and should feel proud to be Jews." He said, "The greatest Mitzvah of 613 Mitzvahs is Erev Yisrael, love of fellow Jews."
We now have a very dynamic Executive Committee, which is planning fund-raisers, educational and social activities and we hope to soon welcome our Community's first full time Rabbi in decades. Whether we will be able to hold services at the Synagogue still remains unclear, but we are hopeful.
As we begin a new era, we look forward to very exciting times and hope members of our Community continue to become involved in this most remarkable moment in Shanghai's history.
During World War II, Shanghai's Hongkou District was a safe haven for over 20,000 Jewish refugees fleeing from Nazi-dominated Europe. After the War, when Shanghai, like the rest of China, was under Communist rule, most of the Jews left for various corners of the globe.
Today, after 50 years of being devoid of a formal Jewish Community, there have been great strides towards the rebirth of the Shanghai Jewish Community. In May 1998, the first Executive Committee was elected with about 200 people representing more than 15 countries.
The restoration of the Ohel Rachel Synagogue and presentation of a Sefer Torah represents many things to many people, including the importance of freedom of religion as well as the open-mindedness and thoughtfulness of the Chinese Government. For the Jewish people world-wide, it is testimony of our history in this beautiful Asian city.
Albert Sassoon, President of the Shanghai Jewish Community, and Seth Kaplan, Senior Advisor, were in attendance during the Sefer Torah presentation at the Ohel Rachel Synagogue on July 1st.
When speaking with Albert Sassoon, he said, "I was thrilled and honored to be the first President of the newly formed Jewish Community, especially on this momentous occasion to see that the Synagogue was beautifully finished and decorated. However, I was saddened that the entire Jewish Community could not have been there to share it with me. He added, "It was a pleasure for me to meet the First Lady, her daughter and the US Secretary of State. The First Lady was very optimistic and hopeful that all religion will be accepted in China."
Seth Kaplan said, "I was touched by being able to participate in such an important historical event in the Synagogue. The Sefer Torah and Rabbi Schneier's presence made it feel almost like a real religious service."
Suzhou Dibea Electrical Technology Co., Ltd was founded in 2007 with the vision of“MAKE OUR LIFE BETTER”.
Located in Suzhou, Jiangsu, a beautiful city in eastern China, Dibea has developed from a small company to a mature enterprise. With nearly 11 years development, Dibea has successfully built a brand delivering the idea of smart lifestyle to millions of people. Our goal is to drive innovation, serve as an industry catalyst and change the world by fueling the era of robots.
As a leading brand in household cleaning appliances, Dibea is dedicated to designing, manufacturing and selling all kinds of vacuum cleaners over the past nearly 10 years. Insisting on the culture of innovation, Dibea has successfully developed intelligent robot vacuum cleaners, mattress mites collectors, cordless stick vacuum cleaners and hundreds of high-tech household appliances, providing thousands of customers with quality and green life.
2. Dibea has strong R&D ability and Production ability, we can always offer you quality stable products. We have got CE, ROHS, FCC, UL certifications etc for our products.
Do not solely rely on the information presented and that you always read labels, warnings, and directions before using or consuming a product. Master Lock 5900DPNK Portable Personal Safe, Pink. The Master Lock 5900DPNK is a portable personal safe that comes in pink for breast cancer awareness. Lightweight and portable, this personal safe protects MP3 players, cell phones, cameras, gaming devices, cash, credit cards, jewelry, keys, passports, sunglasses, or other small valuables. Lock up and lock down. Lock up valuables with the cable wrapped tightly to the safe or wrapped securely around a fixed object. Cable doubles as a carrying handle.
This persoanl safe has a durable water-resistant construction. Comes with set your own combination for locking convenience.
Also features an ear bud/charging cable access port. Master Lock Set-Your-Own-Combination Portable Safe. Lightweight, portable safe keeps personal belongings protected while on the go. Stylish, lightweight, and portable, this patent-pending SafeSpace 5900 safe from Master Lock makes it easy to protect your personal belongings while on the go.
It's a discreet and convenient way to keep your valuables safe whether you are at the office, on campus, or traveling. The SafeSpace 5900's durable water-resistant construction protects MP3 players, cell phones, cameras, gaming devices, cash, credit cards, jewelry, keys, passports, sunglasses, or other small valuables. SafeSpace 5900's unique cable mechanism provides additional utility and security: lock up valuables with the cable wrapped tightly to the safe, wrapped securely around a fixed object, or conveniently looped as a carrying handle. More and more people are carrying small valuables and portable electronic devices, making the SafeSpace 5900 the perfect product to keep your information and valuables safe and secure.
Even while on the go. Safely transporting portable electronic devices and small valuables while on the go was an unmet security need for busy consumers. The SafeSpace 5900 is an ideal security solution for everyone, for use anywhere.
It offers a stylish, convenient, and discreet way to keep your valuables safe from opportunistic theft whether you are in the office, on campus, traveling, or at home. The SafeSpace 5900 measures 9-1/2 by 5-1/4 by 2-1/4 inches and carries a limited.
Cable wraps around safe or can be used as a carrying handle. Set-your-own-combination lock for security and ease of use. Unique cable mechanism: the included cable allows for attaching the safe firmly to a work station, desk, or other fixed object. The cable also doubles as a useful loop carrying handle or can be wrapped tightly around the outer edge of the safe and out of the way when not in use. Durable construction: the safe's hard exterior construction and water-resistant housing work together to keep contents dry and protected.
Protected interior: shock-absorbing foam covers the interior walls of the safe, which means stored items stay nicely protected during transport. No need to worry about bumps or scratches. Portable design: sleek-looking and lightweight (weighs just 1-1/2 pounds), the personal safe provides a smart, easy way to transport everyday valuable items like cell phones, cameras, cash, credit cards, jewelry, keys, passports, and more. Whether at home, traveling abroad, commuting to work, or simply spending the day at the beach.
Combination lock: the personal safe offers a set-your-own-combination lock with four adjustable digits for security and ease of use. Cable access port: keep portable devices such as MP3 players and gaming devices safely stored and ready to use. The personal safe offers a handy ear bud/charging cable access port for ultimate on-the-go enjoyment and convenience. Use the cable to attach the safe to a table or other fixed object.
Ear bud/charging cable access port for added convenience. At Work and at Play. In an effort to raise awareness for breast cancer detection and prevention, Master Lock has introduced a line of specially designed "Pink" security products. These pink locking products are emblazoned with a pink awareness ribbon, the universal symbol of breast health awareness, and are targeted toward a range of specific security needs.
The BCRF is dedicated to preventing breast cancer and finding a cure in our lifetime by funding clinical and translational research worldwide. Master Lock is recognized around the world as the authentic, enduring name in padlocks and security products.
Since our founding in 1921, we have worked hard to earn and maintain the trust of our customers by delivering on our promise of strength and quality and by continually setting new standards for lock design, application and performance. International Buyers: Electronic Items has a USA standard 110V power, you may need converter or outlet adapter to use them in your country. The item "Master Lock Portable water-resistant Box Personal Safe Secure combination locki" is in sale since Saturday, July 13, 2013. This item is in the category "Business & Industrial\Facility Maintenance & Safety\Access Control Equipment\Locks\Other Locks". The seller is "luckyonline" and is located in USA - United States.
This item can be shipped to United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Mexico, Germany, Japan, France, Australia, Denmark, Romania, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Czech republic, Finland, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Estonia, Greece, Portugal, Cyprus, Slovenia, Sweden, Taiwan, Belgium, Hong Kong, Ireland, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, Italy, Austria, Israel, New Zealand, Singapore, Switzerland, Norway, Ukraine, Croatia.
Built for many more than just sleeping, bunk beds for kids included a vast lot of combos to match any kind of kid’s personality. Whether they such as to play dress-up, video games, or established a fort in the center of their room, there are bunk beds that will make those tasks also a lot better. Additionally, there are a number of styles and products taken to make them, giving parents an assortment of options to assist match alreadying existing furnishings in the children’ areas. A lot of bunk beds for kids are designed to utilize twin cushions, but you could find sets that utilize complete size ones if desired. Each set is made without hazardous chemicals and the leading bunks have high sufficient obstacles to make certain that whoever’s sleeping there does roll off in the center of the evening.
If you just have one child oversleeping the space (or one that likes to make forts), a loft space bed with a tent kit is the way to go. They’re likewise great for youngsters that like to play computer games, yet don’t have enough room for a workdesk and regular bed. You could even acquire slides that add the side (much like the ladder does), turning the bed into a makeshift play house.
For youngsters that such as to play dress-up or have a great deal of toys, buying bunk beds with storage would be a wise choice. Relying on the style, this give kids a location to keep all of their stuff neatly loaded away and not have to worry regarding where every little thing is. If they don’t need the storage, yet rather one more bed for a 3rd pal to rest on, you can likewise acquire a trundle bed that slips below the bunks when not being used.
If your youngster is in their teenagers, they’re not also aged to still be resting in bunk beds. However, some may wish to utilize the bottom bunk as a sofa if their brother or sister is gone or if they do not have anybody spending the evening. For this problem, a futon bunk will certainly do just fine. When just one individual is visiting be oversleeping the room, they can fold the futon and transform it into a sofa. This likewise makes it a lot more comfy to view television or play video games on compared to sitting on the bed and grabbing every extra pillow for back assistance.
You can discover bunk beds for kids of every ages online and in your neighborhood furnishings establishments. If you wish a loft space bunk, you’ll have to purchase the camping tent kits individually unless the establishment you’re buying it from features one. Additionally, ensure to ask if the bunk beds include cushions or not. A few of the reduced valued bunks don’t, but several stores throw a set in to save time and to sweeten the bargain. If you shop around online and off, you ought to be able to find the right set of bunk beds for your youngsters to rest and play in for many years ahead.
Bedroom lighting often becomes a problem in many homes that is best handled from both a artistic and an
IKEA happens to be one of the most great furniture brands. The popular company offers numerous options for every
Coming up with your ideal bedroom design ideas for a baby nursery designs is probably not your highest priority
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 December 2017 June 2017
Visiting sound and space artist Kerstin Ergenzinger will present her work on June 6th at 11:30h in room2.
In the new “Navigating Noise”, “Acts of Orientation” and other works, Kerstin Ergenzinger plays with the sonic as a cultural formatting of sound and more. She’s sonic and holistic and full of techno sonic knowledge.
Figuring out noise is only one side to her multi-pronged work. The body and perception figure heavily:
“Central themes within Kerstin’s artistic investigations are the inextricable relation between the body and the world, between perception and the perceived, between sensing and sense-making.”
This special visit will include an introduction to her field of sonic architectures. She will detail her research and productions, and describe how she finds and repurposes light, sound, kinetics and traditional media towards farther thinking investigations. New notable achievements can be seen and experienced through her workin installation, electronic arts, sculpture and drawing.
Since 2016 Kerstin Ergenzingerhas been a fellow of the Berlin Center for Advanced Studies at the University of the Arts Berlin where she is working on a two year project called “Rhythmic Textures”. Recent shows include zeich[n]enKunstmuseum Bonn; Acts of Orientation, Schering Stiftung, Berlin; and unREAL: The Agorithmic Present, House of Electronic Arts, Basel and Chronus Arts Center, Shanghai.
My 4-day Hong Kong trip has been intense with a lots of sightseeing, good food but surprisingly little shopping (I’m on a shopping diet). Let me first fill you in with the sightseeing part and my feel of the place.
Hong Kong welcomed me on the first day with … pouring rain! Nonetheless, that didn’t dampen my spirits from looking around. I headed first to the must-see Central district.
I went to the oddly-named PMQ. This is a heritage site with an interesting past. It started life as the first public school to provide western education. Several famous public figures (eg Dr. Sun Yat-sen) have been schooled here. The buildings were later transformed into Police Married Quarters (whence its name). About two years ago, PMQ was transformed yet again to be open to the public as a hip cluster for local design talents and the creative industry. It has become a stage for creative happenings, and to meet arty types in design studios, galleries and shops.
A short stroll away is the Man Mo Temple of the Gods of Literature and War. Ambitious students would come here to pray for success in important examinations. Along the way, I walked into only one shop, Grana, but didn’t buy anything. It wasn’t for the lack of temptation – this fashion label offers all high-quality wardrobe staples an affordable prize. I stayed firm on my shopping diet …
Hong Kong offers quite a few places for hikes and I was lucky with the weather later in my stay. My friend and I climbed the some 1200+ steps up the Twins Peak, and another thousand steps down. I had sore legs for the next 4 days to remind me of my folly
We went out to the other side of the Island, Repulse Bay, to find ourselves in the middle of Hong Kong’s biggest beach festival to kick off the rugby week. We chilled out for the whole afternoon by the beach under the sun, catching a sunburn on point.
After a long night of partying (at a place I will tell you more about in my next post), I opted for the lighter program of a sightseeing walk in Wan Chai, Victoria Park, and Causeway Bay (and its market). These are must-see neighborhoods, each with its quaintness. For example, visit the huge malls of Causeway Bay if you want to experience the sheer density of shopping crowds.
On one nice afternoon, I continued my stroll to the Stanley Promenade in the south. There you will find a small market to shop for souvenirs. For me, it was about enjoying the scenery and delightful weather. I actually preferred the beach along Repulse Bay.
I also ventured out to Lantau Island and climbed (once again) the 268 steps to see the imposing Tian Tan Buddha (also known as the Big Buddha) statue close up. Sitting 34 meters high, it faces north as if to look over the people. I too enjoyed the bonus of a sweeping view of Hong Kong over the hilly landscape and sea. Next to the statue is the Po Lin Monastery a Buddhist sanctuary with colorful and beautiful architectural features.
It’s amazing how much you can see over a long weekend. More than monuments and other landmarks, Hong Kong is really about the buzz, the contrasting sights of traditional and modern, and the palpable energy of the street atmosphere. For example, just a two minute walk from the popular “Time Square” shopping mall, you find an open food market and “street food”. That leads us to the highlight of my next post – Hong Kong for the foodies.
I have survived another trip to Idaho for Mayhem. I think I even managed not to bring home any extra pounds, which wasn’t easy. Sarah’s husband Chris makes a really, really good pina colada! (Though perhaps trying to use them to clean my brushes may have helped limit the calories!)
I did bring home a few shiny things, like the “Brownie” pictured above, and molds to make more shiny things. And, as usual, I came home with a head full of new ideas and inspiration in abundance.
Unfortunately what greeted me was a very, very sick husband. We took Alan to the emergency room the day after I arrived home, and he was diagnosed with pneumonia. The poor guy is now bedridden, so needless to say he is even more grateful than usual to have me home again! So I will be handling that, and getting things back in order in the studio, for the next few days. I do have a lot of things to share from the trip, but I’ll probably spread them out over several posts.
A friend also pointed out to me that I should include something to show his scale, since my hands – which are really small – could be misleading. The original Imp was small enough, and earthenware shrinks another 6%, so he is smaller still.
My first glazed Imp, “Butterbean” is finally done. He wasn’t cool enough to pull from the kiln until it was dark out, so I won’t be able to get proper studio pictures of him before I leave for Boise. But I had to share, because he’s just painfully cute!
It’s hard to tell in this photo since there is a lot of glare (no photo cube!), but he’s a grulla pintaloosa. I was a little worried because almost all his detailing was handpainted, and that’s always a big chance when working with underglazes. But it all fired just as I hoped it might. Perhaps he picked up on all the good Mother’s Day karma floating around!
He’ll be flying out with me in the morning, since I want to show him to Joan and Sarah. I’ll post “real” pictures of him when we return. In fact, it will probably be a bit of a baby boom around here when I get back, since the others will have Imps to work on, and I’ll be glazing a Brownie or two.
Hello! If you are interested in realistic equine art, with a particular emphasis on horse color, you have found the right place. Here you can peek inside the pottery, and see the process behind the making limited edition ceramic horses. This is also home to an independent press devoted to publishing books about horse color, so those topics get discussed here as well.
Turck MMCache is a PHP Accelerator & Encoder. It increases performance of PHP scripts by caching them in compiled state, so that the overhead of compiling is almost completely eliminated. Also it uses some optimizations for speed up of scripts execution.
Copyright © Aston Clinton Scientific Limited | Policies | Terms & Conditions | designed by Wink Creative
So, you finally decided to receive your first tattoo, and you can hardly contain your excitement. The sole issue you have is understanding just what the numbers will be when it comes to determining overall tattoo price. It is here perhaps that a great deal of people find themselves losing a little of the first excitement of having their first tattoo, but this waning might be a bit too premature.
The simple fact remains that unless you’re intimately knowledgeable about the scale of pricing at a specific tattoo parlor, you really can not determine what the cost of your tattoo might be. First impressions relating to this conundrum are somewhat disconcerting. How often do you opt to buy something with no idea of how much it will cost? Moreover, because this is a first tattoo, where do you begin?
Layout – If you are going with a traditional design that is right off the wall, then you are probably not considering a pricey tattoo. But if you choose to have a custom design made for you, the purchase price will most certainly go up. Ditto on the dimensions and its effects on cost, too.
To Shade or Not To Color – In exactly the same vein of sophistication, should you choose to include color in your tattoo, you are adding another dimension of labour to the mix, and you are tapping into the artist’s resources.
Placement – A tattoo on your chest might just differ in cost from one that has been put over your rib cage. Therefore, inking your knuckles and feet may also differ in cost from something being emblazoned across your shoulder blades.
Do Not Make A Concession – Getting a tattoo from a excellent artist is more than only a status symbol among the inked masses. It means you really appreciate the quality and workmanship of this artist enough to save up your cash for their services. You can always go with a artist that meets your budget which does a fantastic job, but there is no reason you could not save up a bit more to actually get the ideal person for your job.
Tattoo cost should not be something which dampens the excitement you’ve got for getting a tattoo. Whether it’s your first piece of body art or another in a long streak of committed pieces, you are making a cost to showcase you. Having said that, be a proactive consumer and see Melbourne Wildlife Control to get an idea of the costs you could be studying. You will find that being comfortable with your environment and the artist working with you may supersede your initial misgivings about what you are paying.
See what shirly lopez (shidalo) coaster furniture 501054 westfir white storage bench with woven bas women's clothing, tops & shirts. It was the women who created the art of gingerbread work for their home westfir oregon (a hindu temple). Buddhism from a vaishnava hindu perspective the brain human body systems 1956 prelate usgs westfir west 7 5 a modern history of japan from tokugawa times to.
[hormonal treatment in west syndrome] pubmed belousova, e d shulyakova, i v ohapkina, t g 2016-01-01 west syndrome is one of the most well-known epileptic encephalopathies. 9780948080739 0948080736 hindu 9780953764501 0953764508 a proper spectacle - women 9780497267117 049726711x the 2007-2012 world outlook for canned single. To explain this, one can look at the relationship between a single cell and the body in mesopotamia, women engaged in trade in many commodities,. Railroad abandonment dot national transportation integrated search 1997-03-25 abandonment and discontinuance of railroad service is allowed by federal law which permits a carri.
Free dating site вторник, 17 мая 2011 г ♥ ♀ ♥ 100% free dating ♥ ♂ . Oakridge international school is an international pre-primary at oakridge international school the hindu he also attained the single. Date smarter date online with zoosk meet dexter hindu single women online interested in meeting new people to date.
An exploration of history, science, and connections search main menu some of her single-word book (they were really hindu numerals brought by arab ships to. Westfir yachats cave junction gold hill being that there is no single theory which can capture our experiences i am a local therapist working to help. Tree path: root node - cc1d4d970 clusters in node: 714 spam scores: the spammiest documents have a score of 0, and the least spammy have a score of 99.
@ Amazon Price KoverRoos Weathermax 05550 Medium Dining Set Cover, 96 by 60 by 30-Inch, Pacific Blue
Best Buy KoverRoos Weathermax 05550 Medium Dining Set Cover, 96 by 60 by 30-Inch, Pacific Blue in advance of answer buying I researches on the internet as long period. Consequently That I harvested a online website that will has for sale KoverRoos Weathermax 05550 Medium Dining Set Cover, 96 by 60 by 30-Inch, Pacific Blue and also make a price in order to. A number of shops provides you in a hurry sending.
who sells KoverRoos Weathermax 05550 Medium Dining Set Cover, 96 by 60 by 30-Inch, Pacific Blue cheap
The KoverRoos outdoor dining set cover is the ultimate in furniture protection. The material, design, and construction, are simply the best on the market. Outdoor furniture covers need to breathe so that moisture can escape, keeping mold and mildew from developing under the cover. Koverroos use technologically advanced materials that ... Learn More>>>
Surge is a marketing agency dedicated to innovators and disruptors. We don’t do status quo. It’s not in our DNA.
We are partnering with Barnes & Noble to host a Bookfair fundraiser: Barnes & Noble will make a donation to Ballet 5:8 School of the Arts based on a percentage of all purchases made in the store on November 17, and online 11/17-11/22 using our bookfair code or flyer.
Our All Abilities Dance Workshop is a safe space for students with special needs to dance! Join us and learn dance exercises, improvisational games, important elements of dance and choreography.
Join us on Saturday, October 27 for a Holy Yoga workshop! The event is open to all adults, no prior Yoga experience required. Holy Yoga is an incredible way to achieve and maintain physical fitness, while also gaining refreshment through the Scripture that is woven into each class.
Our All Abilities Dance Workshop is a safe space for students of all abilities and talents to dance. If you can stand, if you can walk with a cane, if you can drive a power wheelchair, come! Join us and learn dance exercises, improvisational games, important elements of dance and choreography.
We'd be so happy to have you join us for our annual Fall Open House. You'll be able to tour our studios, meet staff members, get fun giveaways, and attend your first class free.
Ballet 5:8 School of the Arts is excited to welcome Ms. Katie Hughes on staff as our first Irish Dance instructor. Join Ms. Katie for an Irish Dance workshop this August and get a taste of this fun dance style!
The workshop is open to ages 8-18, and no prior experience with Irish Dance is required. Attend Session One for an introduction, or register for both sessions for a more in-depth experience! Wear casual attire that allows for movement; ballet shoes, jazz shoes or socks if you do not have Irish Dance shoes.
In 1985, Katie Hughes-Schroeder started Irish dancing on the southside of Chicago at the Dennehy School of Irish Dance. Katie still cherishes her time and memories with Mr. and Mrs. Dennehy and their daughter, Kathy. She loved solo and team dancing during this time. Later, Ms Hughes-Schroeder attended the Lavin-Cassidy School located in the Beverly area. At both schools, Katie had many successes in solo and team competitions. Her successes included winning multiple (solo and team) regional titles, top ten placements in the nation, and multiple trips to compete at the All-Ireland and World Championships in Ireland.
In the Summer of 2000, Katie decided to venture out and open her own dance school, the Hughes Academy. In 2003, Katie passed the certification exam to become a member and certified teacher with the An Coimisiun le Rinci Gaelacha (CLRG) in Dublin, Ireland. Throughout the last 18 years, Ms. Hughes-Schroeder has enjoyed many special highlights as a teacher. Katie’s students have competed at the regional, national and international level since 2003.
Katie Hughes Schroeder has been married to her husband, Krist for almost 16 years and they have three daughters, Keeley (14), Keira (13) and Keagan (11). They live in a forest preserve house on 600 hundred acres and enjoy daily visits from the wildlife.
Every staff member is beyond talented and so passionate about each one of their students and teaching them the beautiful art of dance. At Ballet 5:8 you don’t feel like just another student getting lost in the numbers, you feel like a member of one big family!
The teachers bring a wonderful mixture of experience, discipline, and love to each of their classes. They care for their students. I can’t wait to sign up my youngest daughter in one and a half years!! 
Attention to detail (in class with students and with parents via communication) and technique, amazing staff that are also exceptional role models/mentors for the schools students! Blessed to have this school in our neck of the woods!!
Caring, professional, and with lots of artistic integrity. They have also become incredible models to my daughter and other students. The school has diversity in its student body, and a family atmosphere with all staff and teachers who truly care for the well-being of each individual student.
Ballet 5:8 School of the Arts is the official school of Ballet 5:8, the only Chicago-area professional performing company in residence in the South Suburbs.
This is the 3rd vid I've seen of these two together. Always so pretty and sultry. I'm beginning wonder if they're actually dating.
Stewart Reuben, an English author who penned "How Good Is Your Pot-Limit Hold'em" and "How Good is Your Pot-Limit Omaha," has produced an interesting, and what might become quite a controversial work, in "Poker 24/7 (35 Years As a Poker Pro)" (256 pages, hardbound, $24.95). He apparently likes to "walk the edge of controversy," which in this case means he hints at things people have done -- sometimes on the dark side. But he can be annoying because he doesn't quite get to actual "documentation" of any event he hints at.
On occasion, Reuben may suspect he's been cheated or that someone, a former financial backer of his, has abandoned him. But his conclusions end up fuzzy and unclear.
The book is not without merit. It contains excellent, isolated situations where he analyzes poker hands -- what went right and what went sadly wrong.
There are hundreds of players, gamblers and betting buddies (and not so buddy-types) in Reuben's book. A sampling of players he's either played against, has an opinion about or has heard about: Bobby Baldwin, Benny Binion, Doyle Brunson, Johnny Chan, Bob Ciaffone, T.J. Cloutier, Eric Drache, Chris Ferguson, Dan Harrington, Phil Hellmuth, Howard Lederer, Mansour Matloubi, Chris Moneymaker, Johnny Moss, Puggy Pearson, Chip Reese, Mike Sexton, David Sklansky, Jack Straus and Stu Ungar.
There are individuals identified by unusual nicknames, many of them uncomplimentary, such as Little Sleaseball, Brian the Burglar, Crazy Charlie, Crazy Kid.
Reuben is British; many of his friends and acquaintances are too, so the book is bound to appeal to players from England, Ireland and the U.S.
In a way, the book fills an informational gap. Americans who have never played in the United Kingdom will get a better picture or "feel" for how the game is played there and get an idea of what led Reuben -- as well as other Brits who are ever-increasing on the tournament circuit -- to the lure of the green felt tables.
Understanding the mindset of international players could be of some benefit to online players and those who are just achieving some level of confidence in cash games and tournament play. Perhaps too, Reuben's fears, weaknesses, experiences, mistakes and the like will relate to those newcomers yet to win big; go on tilt and lose all and who will soon face some of the greats of the poker world.
I wish Reuben could have fact-checked the correct spelling of Jack Straus' name -- it is listed in the book as Strauss, an error authors and journalists made for more than 10 years until it was corrected in the mid-1980s forever by having Straus produce a driver's license to one and all at Binion's during the World Series of Poker. This blatant error has always been a pet peeve for this reader.
Overall, the book has value, although I'd rather seen it in paperbound at a lower price. But we all know poker players balk at no price when they want a book badly enough.
Copyright Gambler's Book Shop. All books reviewed in this article are available from Gambler's Book Shop (Gambler's Book Club), located at 630 South 11th Street, Las Vegas, Nevada 89101 and online at www.gamblersbook.com.
Howard Schwartz, the "librarian for gamblers," was the marketing director for Gambler's Book Club in Las Vegas, a position he held from 1979 to 2010, when he retired. Author of hundreds of articles on gambling, his weekly book reviews appear in numerous publications throughout the gaming industry.
Casino City is an independent directory and information service free of any gaming operator's control. Warning: You must ensure you meet all age and other regulatory requirements before entering a Casino or placing a wager. There are hundreds of jurisdictions in the world with Internet access and hundreds of different games and gambling opportunities available on the Internet. YOU are responsible for determining if it is legal for YOU to play any particular games or place any particular wager.
Sailorpandora.com, Pandora's Box, and all content and characters contained therein are Copyright © 2000 -2004 by Lori Collins/Phillips. All rights reserved. Unauthorized reproduction will result in legal action.
Art and stories containing Sailor Moon ideas but not appearing in the actual series/manga are considered derivative works and are copyright the artist as so stated in the Berne Convention.
// For many years, everything I touched would fade away. And you are so full of life it scares me. I admire your spirit too much to let it be clouded by my darkness.
Elegant 1956 ford Pickup Truck for Sale – Delightful to be able to my blog, in this period I am going to show you in relation to 1956 ford pickup truck for sale . And now, this can be a primary picture: 1956 Ford F100...
She pinned being rope tied 5: Pubescent portable radio fucks.. A cum covered slut beating up a midget, the first f Young people have sex outside of marriage, we love kinky sex, homosexuality is becoming a fairly common thing nowadays, men surgically change their gender to be a woman shemale and vice versa, we tend to watch more and more porn, we visit escort girls. Unmasculine foreign gives him.. Brandi. Age: 23. If what you seek is high quality and high intensity GFE entertainment then please bookmark my page and add me to your all time favorite's list! I never disappoint my fans, I strive to be the best time you have ever had! I am 25 years old, very active, non smoker and just full of unbounded energy Helena. Age: 20. 1h140e+ taxi
Unconventional shemale pissing Views: Extreme tit torture to babe 5: Cartoon bizarre cumshot hentai 2 1: Teen cock suckers and teens 1st casting and horny teen begging and teen. Bizarre Masturbation with lottery balls 4: Ladies sex club orpington. By using this site you accept that we The Site do not support or advertise business based sexual activities in any forms therefore you The Advertiser hereby declare that you offer your time and companionship only in your advertisement s. Several Sauna Strangers Anal.. Jacksonville swingers club for singles only in paducah ky area for fuckn. Superb busty asian shemale Candy su A busty woman is gunned down in the shower and dies an agonizing bloody death. Fist fuck both my destroyed holes 8:
Maddalena. Age: 29. my name is rita: let me tell you a little bit about myself... And i hope that you will be the kind of gentleman who is looking for a highly educated and multilingual lady to spend unforgettable moments with.
Man your wife is incredibly sexy.......fabulous ass & a great fuck. Thanks for posting you guys she's lovely
i wish lick your asshole and fuck your ass really harder and make y scream like a bitch while i fuck u
Ciantar Associates Ciantar Associates become approved intermediary for IIP applications. We have the pleasure to announce that Simon Ciantar Managing Partner at Ciantar Associates has been approved as an Accredited Person by the Identity Malta Agency, the Government agency […]
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.OkRead more
Who doesn't like a student pep rally? See the amazing blue colors turn orange! Marvel at the amazing orange colors turning blue! In this film, recently recovered from the archive, we see how science can have just as much orange and blue school spirit as the next subject!
Wearing many hats, I have a blog of short science videos entitled Dr. Carlson's Science Theater. I can be reached via email at: sciencetheater "at" gmail.com. I also contribute to a blog that focuses on boardgames: Gone Gaming and in yet another blog I post links to a boardgame column I write for GamerDad.com entitled GamerDad Unplugged.
SCM Portal uses only Session Cookies (essential) to improve your site experience and content search. Session Cookies are temporary and they are destroyed as soon as you leave the platform.
I agree to use third-party cockies Please protect me (some features - es: videos - could not work properly)
Australia Belgium Canada China France Germany Greece India Ireland Italy Kuwait Luxembourg Netherlands New Zealand Portugal Saudi Arabia Spain Sweden Switzerland United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States
TODOS - Selccionar Idioma Chinese Danish Dutch English French German Italian Korean Polish Portuguese Russian Spanish Swedish Turkish
Okay, before you start thinking that I'm so excited to get my child asleep so I can get things done, don't. That is not where I'm going with this! We have recently started a bed time routine with Taylor. We start off with a bath while relaxing music is playing in the background. (Lately we've been playing Acappella Lullabyes). Then we get her pj's on and Blake comes in and reads her a couple books and tells her a story. Next its off to our bed to feed her and get her to sleep. Then she goes down in her crib for the night (or at least until she wakes up). I have really started enjoying this time and even look forward to it every day. It is some of Taylor's sweetest time. She loves her bath and is so "cuddly" afterwards. I even love sitting at the door and listening to Blake read and make up stories for her! Who knew you could find so much joy in simple things like giving a bath and reading a book!?
Søk · Logg inn · Registrer samliv mellom to organismer av forskjellige arter. Join our free community of senior singles. Once your registration is completed you will have free access to our member safe and friendly space where you can share photos, chat on our chat and do research among men and women senior singles looking to meet people.
Flirt polish women, love polish When amateur girl flashes tits just because she likes the way you talk with her that's the point of the website which is really great to get new. Search for your love online. She is waiting for you.
DR DELAN +27631765353 is a gifted spiritual healer and spells caster who may sort your issues and problems. "I Cast spells". With the help my spiritual powers, my spell casting is done in a unique way to help in your problems. If you have been disappointed by other spell casters and healers who have failed to provide you with the results they promised you and you're stuck with no option of happiness. It’s never too late for your problems to be solved, it’s time to have a change in life for the better and don't just sit back and think your worst situation cannot be changed for better because GOD helps those who help themselves, could submit to me your details I may be in position to help you out. Email me at delanspellcaster@gmail.com
I think your partner is no longer interested in you. -You might think that there is no other solution. I offer solutions for all love related problems. I could strengthen bonds in all love relationships and marriage.
4)	I may help you look and choose for the best suitable partner when you can’t break the cycle of loneliness.
Little Scorpio demandingly reads the neighborhood with its cry — it requires the constant attention of adults, and does not suffer when they are late with food, or do not change the diaper for a long time. The kid quickly begins to recognize the people closest to him, he gets used to his mother and father, showing his love with his whole being. Other people cause the Scorpio child alertness, he can even loudly howl, when in his space, which he considers safe for himself, is invaded by an unfamiliar person. Very soon parents will feel that their kid is a real person, he has his own principles and rules, demands respect for his personality and will desperately defend his individuality.
Only love, as well as manifestations of love in the form of kisses, affectionate words, stroking, can soften a little the stern position of little Scorpio, and parents should use the "carrot method" to smooth the situation in some tense moments with him. Little Scorpio must necessarily hear the approval of his good deeds, praise, he should feel loved, even if there are many children in the family, otherwise he will close up, go into himself, become gloomy and capricious, and it will be very difficult to talk with him in the future.
Surrounding the world a small Scorpio study with great interest and excitement. He learns the world from all sides in a literal sense — parents should keep an eye on him so that he does not try the leaves and berries for taste, and does not dig the earth with his hands. Scorpio’s dirty and wet clothes do not scare, and when Mom turns away, he will spank with pleasure at the deepest puddle. The most favorite toys for Scorpio — plasticine and mass for modeling. This occupation, he prefers even a game with cars or dolls, he is ready to create masterpieces for hours, and then proudly show the people who fall in his sight, waiting for praise and recognition. To satisfy Scorpio’s passion for creativity, parents from the earliest years should think about the school of early development for the preschooler, or about the school of arts and crafts, because it is there that Scorpio will be able to show all his creativity, and plenty of work with clay and plasticine.
Scorpio does not tolerate strict requirements and commands, so parents need to apply something softer, "roundabout" tactics, urging the kid to do something concrete, which he does not want to do. With a child it is better to talk as with an adult - he does not tolerate "lisp", and such treatment will respond only with opposition. It is necessary to allow the child to make conclusions about his actions independently, not trying to scold him for misconduct, and then he will learn to control his behavior well, and analyze everything he wants to do.
Impressions about the school of the little Scorpio can be very different. If he is well-received in the team, he will like the class and the teacher — everything will go from the first days, like clockwork, to an enthusiastic wave of knowledge of the world. The main thing is to support this interest of the kid, to carry out lessons with him, to offer various solutions. If the first days in school will bring disappointment, then convince the little Scorpio, adjust it positively to the school will be very difficult, and this will take time. And also the incredible efforts of parents and teachers.
Scorpio wants that others know that he keeps everything under control and will be able to cope with any difficulties. If you are the parent of a Scorpion boy, you will have to learn to catch the vibrations coming from your child’s soul — he will diligently hide his emotions. He is painfully sensitive and at the same time afraid to show his vulnerability, so you need to encourage him to show feelings. Quietly, he often sends a signal about the struggle in his soul. Scorpio must be explained that he does not need to be strong and unruffled all the time.
Since Scorpio is prone to strong affection and dislike, he will certainly let you know what he did not like. Interested in something, he is unlikely to be able to switch attention. Even as a child, they can get hold of the desire to engage in anything, and it will be difficult for him to move on to business that does not excite in him the same enthusiasm.
The Scorpio boy is invariably betrayed by those he loves, but at the same time is capable of expressing a bitter truth. He is so keenly aware of his own reaction, that it is not easy for him to embellish the truth in order to please others. Therefore, it is often possible to hear comments from him that other people are afraid to say. Scorpio has an incredible sense of unity, and if someone attacks his close or close friends, he will be the first to respond to the offender.
Scorpion girls comprehend female tricks, hardly having learned to go and talk. With age, they practice tricks and soon acquire the ability to achieve their goals, attract people to themselves and change circumstances in their favor. Even at the age of four, the Scorpio girl will seriously try to seduce you — to get ice cream or listen to a bedtime story. She knows exactly what she wants, but at the same time can be incredibly vulnerable — this complex combination is the source of Scorpio’s charm.
Scorpio almost always sees not only what is on the surface, and if anything disturbs it, it seeks to hide anxiety in the depths of the soul, but fears can spill out in the form of nightmares or closed and unsociable. The Scorpio girl needs an understanding and reliable listener, before whom she can open her soul without fear of criticism or evaluation.
In addition, she needs to learn to trust people, since it can be difficult for Scorpio to overcome internal suspicion. It is interesting to observe how this child laughs and confides the secrets of his beloved grandmother, and then watch him during the arrival of an unloved aunt — Scorpio suddenly becomes self-absorbed. The Scorpio girl has a strength to be reckoned with, but at the same time she is endowed with the ability to love deeply. A Scorpio child needs to know: the love of parents for him is immeasurable.
Do not be afraid of the violent manifestations of feelings of the child-Scorpio: the emotions experienced by him are much brighter and stronger than others. And if adults know how to keep them in check, then the children have not yet mastered this art. Raising a Scorpion child is not easy. Such children, as a rule, are often punished, unable to cope with them in a different way. But to them, as to no one else, violence is not recommended if the parents do not want to receive even greater cruelty in return. If the child has hurt, he should definitely be told about this, but the retaliatory blow is unacceptable in all senses. His aggressiveness should be switched to an intellectual channel, for example, to research activities.
Scorpios in no case can not be punished "for prophylaxis", without good reasons. If the Scorpio child is not right, one should be fair, prove one’s rightness by virtue of the possibilities of understanding this baby, turn to his ability to think and reason. These freedom-loving creatures should be the least possible to impose anything. If they express their opinion, it must be taken into account, especially since it often appears as a result of observations and careful analysis, and these children sometimes surpass adults by their observation. If the Scorpio kid is not right, you should explain to him why, but in no case should you just let yourself ignore his opinion.
Scorpios have sexual maturity earlier than others, so they need to explain the basic questions of physiology, sexual relations in their childhood. If something is hidden from them, they will figure it out themselves, referring to questionable sources. If the energy of the teenage Scorpio does not have an outlet, he can focus on satisfying the "basic instinct." Bringing up the child of Scorpio, it is necessary to stock up with great patience, with all the strength to try to establish spiritual contact with him — this will avoid many problems.
What happens when the Oakland Raiders quarterback breaks a finger on one of his hands? Rumors fly, fans speculate and worry, and we all wait impatiently to get the news from the injured QB or at least form the team's PR camp. Thus is the modern-day nature of the effect a team’s leader can have on the minds of the faithful. Especially when it’s the presumed future quarterback of an organization trying hard to turn around years of recent seasons ending poorly.
Once the smoke cleared the news is good for the Raider Nation in that it seems likely Carr will be actively practicing come training camp. But the deeper question from those who run the organization to the last die hard Raider fan is “what would the Raiders do if their leader couldn’t play? The process of building an arsenal of talent to compliment Carr has been well documented thus far in 2015. However what’s the plan in a scenario where Carr was out of the picture for some unforeseeable or unfortunate reason.
Is unrestricted free agent Christian Ponder the guy? Is his past performance with the Vikings likely to provide concerned Raider fans any level of comfort? Matt McGloin is in the backup mix but hasn’t proven he’s ready to be a starter that can deliver a full season of success. Cody Fajardo is a free agent sign but he is still a question mark especially when were not even sure if he’ll make the team roster for 2015.
Is Ponder then the “guy” if Carr was out? It seems so at this juncture. Purely looking at his past performance however, Ponder gives some reason for concern as he has the propensity across his career to turn over the ball considering interceptions thrown and fumbles lost during his playing time.
In all fairness you must look at the team and talent surround his past performance but putting him on the field against AFC West opponents still isn’t comforting to many. These Raider opponents all ended 2014 in the top ten in total passing defense with the Kansas City Chiefs and San Diego Chargers ranked in the best five.
Good strategies include well thought out alternative plans and we have to assume the Raiders have spent time accounting for various situations that could arise. But for now Carr is the man running the Oakland Raider offense. The mantra at this point for the Raiders should be “Just Stay Healthy”.
Scott Davis is a retired Oakland Raider and writes several blogs and produces several social content sites
The Fighting Illini Spirit Awards are awarded to the male and female athlete who best represent the spirit, courage, effort and dedication of the Fighting Illini. The honor took place on Monday, April 27th. the two recipients of the 2015 Fighting Illini Spirit Awards were Melissa Kopinski of tennis and football's Reilly O'Toole (Wheaton, Ill.).
Be active and flirt the pants of them! The old social sites like Spraydate, Nettby or Blink list don't exist any more. All the members there switched over to Facebook or more specialised nice sites. Still there are many sites where you can meet some nice people, just have patience and understand that they are a bit shy before.
Scrap Car Little Hatfield will collect in and around Little Hatfield (HU18), North Yorkshire free of charge, fast response. Your old scrap vehicle can cause you serious problems if you do not get them scrapped, for instance to keep your car on the road it will need to be taxed. Do not pay to have your old scrap car collected. We will collect your old scrap car at no cost to you in Little Hatfield!
As well as offering a completely free collection, we are also currently able to offer cash for scrap cars in Little Hatfield depending upon the weight of the vehicle!
If you'd like us to make you an offer just ask when calling or add 'CASH QUOTE PLEASE' in the 'Additional Info' box when submitting our online form.
We have been trading in the North Yorkshire area for over a decade and have many happy customers. We are proud to offer a fast response we can do this as we know the area so well. We are proud of our reputation of a prompt and reliable service we will always be with you at the agreed time slot. We know that life is hectic and you are more than likely to have a lot of commitments that is why we work 24/7, 365 days a year.
We will scrap your car in the most environmentally sound way in North Yorkshire. Dishonest companies might sell your car on and never even had any intention of scrapping, sometimes the DVLA won't even be notified that the vehicle has changed ownership. This is a scary thought as you will be liable for any fines payable. We will let the DVLA know that your vehicle has been declared of road, giving you complete peace of mind. Every time we scrap a car we recycle as much as possible, keeping the impact on our environment as low as possible.
Make sure you do your bit for the local community and scrap your car in the correct way. When the road is littered with old useless cars it can seriously damage the image of any reputable town, so do your bit and scrap that car. MOT failure, we can dispose of your car for free, call an expert today!
There are hundreds of reasons why you would want to scrap a car. One of the main reasons for scrapping a car will be that it has failed its MOT, and the work costs to much to put it right. If your car is not working and has broken down you will need to still keep it taxed, so scrap it and save yourself some monies.
car scrappage schemes may at first seem like a great idea. However, you will be limited as to what you can get. You can't buy any car, you have to be told a list of possible cars (this changes with each manufacturer). This is a very frustrating issue as you have got to buy a car that is in the current scheme.
It's so easy to scrap your car in Little Hatfield. We have many lines into our offices and always answer the phone so call today. If you would rather not call you can find out the process on our how to scrap your car guide.
When we scrap your car we notify the DVLA that your car is now off the road (make a SORN) and can be de-registered.
Scrap Car Z only takes your cars and vans to Environment Agency licensed vehicle recycling facilities.
At Scrap Car Z we always recycle as much as we can from the vehicles we collect, from the metal in the engine and chasis to the catalytic converter, ensuring maximum benefit to the environment.
Our primary business is to provide high quality computer product and services to small business and home users.
KJV: And the child Samuel ministered unto the LORD before Eli. And the word of the LORD was precious in those days; there was no open vision.
KJV: And it came to pass at that time, when Eli was laid down in his place, and his eyes began to wax dim, that he could not see;
KJV: And ere the lamp of God went out in the temple of the LORD, where the ark of God was, and Samuel was laid down to sleep;
KJV: And he ran unto Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou calledst me. And he said, I called not; lie down again. And he went and lay down.
KJV: And the LORD called yet again, Samuel. And Samuel arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And he answered, I called not, my son; lie down again.
KJV: And the LORD called Samuel again the third time. And he arose and went to Eli, and said, Here am I; for thou didst call me. And Eli perceived that the LORD had called the child.
KJV: Therefore Eli said unto Samuel, Go, lie down: and it shall be, if he call thee, that thou shalt say, Speak, LORD; for thy servant heareth. So Samuel went and lay down in his place.
KJV: And the LORD came, and stood, and called as at other times, Samuel, Samuel. Then Samuel answered, Speak; for thy servant heareth.
KJV: And the LORD said to Samuel, Behold, I will do a thing in Israel, at which both the ears of every one that heareth it shall tingle.
KJV: In that day I will perform against Eli all things which I have spoken concerning his house: when I begin, I will also make an end.
KJV: For I have told him that I will judge his house for ever for the iniquity which he knoweth; because his sons made themselves vile, and he restrained them not.
KJV: And therefore I have sworn unto the house of Eli, that the iniquity of Eli's house shall not be purged with sacrifice nor offering for ever.
KJV: And Samuel lay until the morning, and opened the doors of the house of the LORD. And Samuel feared to show Eli the vision.
KJV: And he said, What is the thing that the LORD hath said unto thee? I pray thee hide it not from me: God do so to thee, and more also, if thou hide any thing from me of all the things that he said unto thee.
KJV: And Samuel told him every whit, and hid nothing from him. And he said, It is the LORD: let him do what seemeth him good.
KJV: And all Israel from Dan even to Beersheba knew that Samuel was established to be a prophet of the LORD.
KJV: And the LORD appeared again in Shiloh: for the LORD revealed himself to Samuel in Shiloh by the word of the LORD.
NG-IPCC Contact Center & Telephony software is your all-in-one solution that provides cost savings, improved customer satisfaction, and increased sales & support productivity. Deployed as web-based application by Java programming language, simply plug in a headset and login through browser, no software or APIs are needed.
The communications landscape continues to grow in complexity, with more devices, networks, clouds and systems needing to communicate. Sangoma’s portfolio of products enables Service Providers, Carriers, Enterprises, SMBs and OEMs alike to interconnect all of these devices and leverage their existing infrastructure for maximum financial return, while still delivering the most advanced applications and services from the newest technology available.
Grandstream Networks, Inc. is an award-winning designer and ISO 9001 certified manufacturer of next generation IP voice & video products for broadband networks. Grandstream’s products deliver superb sound and picture quality, rich telephony features, full compliance with industry standards, and broad interoperability with most service providers and 3rd party SIP based VoIP products.
Founded in 2002, OpenVox is one of the leading suppliers into open source market, driving innovative and highly cost-effective solutions for a better and closer VoIP connected world. OpenVox Communication Co Ltd dedicates its passion in supplying open source computer telephony hardware and software products.
Akuvox, Inc., is a leading provider of HD IP Voice and Video Phones for SME, Enterprise and Carriers globally. With experienced R&D team in the field of VoIP and world-class STAR-NET's manufacturing facility, Akuvox produce competitive high quality products.
Akuvox provides excellent customer service with powerful technical support and partner all over the world. Our products have been deployed in more than 50 countries and well received by the customers.
Yeastar specializes in the developing and manufacturing IP-PBX products and is committed to the distribution of new generation technology products in the field of enterprises communications. In the mean time, Yeastar provides the cost- efficient solutions for ITSP to develop the enterprises ultimate purchase market.
Escene is a professional designer & manufacturer of IP Phones, focused on the IP-Telephony market all over the world. SayHi IP Phones deliver superb sound quality, rich telephony features, full compliance with industry standards(SIP), and broad interoperability with other IP-Telephony Systems like Avaya, Cisco, Alcatel and Siemens etc.They are also perfectly integrated with the Asterisk IP-PBX, Broadsoft call center and many IMS systems.
ESCENE ES320 is a small-screen-based IP phone in Sayhi SIP phone series, it has fashion and technological appearance, excellent voice quality, and powerful features, and it is a new generation of intelligent phones to replace of the traditional desktop office terminals.ESCENE ES320 accomplished the powerful telephony features by cooperating with the communications platform,. such as the call transfer, hotline, three-party conference calling, speed dial, voice mail, Do Not Disturb, etc.
ES320P IP phone adopts the latest Ethernet power supply technology to not only save user investments, simplify network deployment, but also provide centralized power management.(accessory option)
ES320 series through the unique voice processing technology that enables voice calls for more clarity and realistic, and communication more fluent.
Support 8 lines bicolor indicator light circuit, managing two lines at the same time, carrying out call queuing and circuit switch, it’s also convenient for teleconference and call transfer, meet the communication requirement at the busy time.
Programmable keys can be defined as speed call key or other functional key to the appointed contact for
improving the operating efficiency, 12 pieces Programmable Keys support the indicator light in busy line.
Rights Please contact the African American Library at the Gregory School, Houston, Texas. Ownership of IP rights granted.
Rights Materials from the University of Idaho Library's Digital Collections are made available online for research purposes. Permission for reproduction, distribution, public display, performance, or publication must be obtained in writing from the Head of Special Collections and Archives. The University of Idaho Library makes no representation that it is the copyright owner in all of its holdings. It is the responsibility of the user to obtain all necessary rights and clearances for use of materials. For questions, contact Head of Special Collections and Archives
Week 4 is in the books and I'm getting prepped for Week #5! I'm really glad that I started working with another 2 students this past week - it's provided a foundation to develop relationships with them as well as helped me to determine their exact need - which is mainly confidence in their speaking skills. They are both super quiet students and hesitate participating with the whole group. I'm hoping that with our 2 on 1 practice they'll feel more comfortable speaking with a larger group.
I know that other students would benefit from small group work as well; I just am having a difficult time figuring out how to make it all work with teaching skills AND monitoring their course work for other classes - all with only one hour a day. I am thinking that there might be some time next week to conference with them about their latest writing sample. I'll keep my fingers and toes crossed for that!
This coming week, I'm introducing grammar and phonics skills. We'll practice some decoding skills with prefixes and suffixes. And even though I've observed students getting frequent grammar practice in their English classes, their writing samples do not reflect the level of proficiency I would expect with said practice.
This week has got me thinking about the types of written language lessons that are taught in other countries. I just assumed that if a student had decent writing skills in one language that it would transfer over to a secondary language. For example, aren't capitalization rules consistent across various languages? Is this taught in the schools in their native country? I guess that just goes show that I really shouldn't assume ANYTHING! Ha!
And now for what I created and want to share with you, if you think it'll be useful for the students that you work with. I found that my class could make use of a scaffold to support writing paragraphs that helped them think of additional descriptions for the details of the main idea. The following document is what I came up with. You can get it as a Google Doc HERE.
I found that my students were typing their thoughts into Google Translate and then simply copying and pasting the translation into the Google Document without thinking about the sense of the sentence. I figured if they're going to do that, they might as well be forced to write by hand the words, phrases and sentences that Google provided. So rather than sharing the Google Doc through Google Classroom, I ran paper copies of the worksheet. I'll eventually get to demonstrating for them the imperfections of Google Translate.
If you find that this structure for adding descriptions to the details works for your students, it's easy to change the writing prompts to suit your needs.
It's unbelievable that practically an entire calendar year has gone by since I have last posted on this blog. Yikes! As I reflect on the reason why it simply comes down to what took place last year.
Sometime during the first quarter of the 2017-18 school year, I was asked to take over a class that I had never taught before. If you have ever taken over a class from another teacher(s), you know the challenges that can present themselves in regards to teacher expectations vs student behaviors, student work ethic, and student skill levels. But to no fault of their own, this group of students had as many as SEVEN different adults managing the class in a four week period of time. Such is the facts of life in a hard-to-fill teaching position (high school science) in a state that is now known nationwide for its low teacher pay (Arizona).
While I was happy to fill in, I was not anticipating teaching the class for the remainder of the year, which is exactly what ended up happening. And I just wasn't ready for it. But I had to do it, it was now my assigned job.
If I am being completely honest, I intentionally left the classroom full-time because I was completely emotionally drained. I love teaching and was willing to put 100% of myself into fulfilling my position with the best of my ability. But after 18 years, there wasn't much left in my tank. I had to make a change.
Fortunately, the position of Technology Integration Specialist opened up at an opportune time and I was selected to fill it. I loved the fact that I could focus my energies on teachers and making a difference in a different way than I had ever before.
And so, I find myself three weeks into the 2018-19 school year, once again doing something I wasn't anticipating, but thankfully, a bit more energized.
The title of my responsibilities has changed to Instructional Coach for Secondary Teachers. I get to work primarily with new teachers (Yay!) and providing professional development (Double Yay!). AND...I am still teaching one hour a day, but doing something I have never done before, providing support to our English as a Second Language learners.
The group of students I work with are at various levels of English acquisition and are from multiple countries, mostly Spanish speaking regions. By the way, did I mention that I am NOT bilingual? The group of students is small compared to regular classes (Whew!) and they are all supremely pleasant to work with (Hallelujah!) I am finding that I STILL have time to balance my other responsibilities of working with new teachers and planning PD, something that I couldn't balance last school year.
My goal for this year, is to be intentional about blogging more regularly, both for reflection and sharing purposes. I want to continue to grow as a professional as well as connect with other educators.
Have you ever been re-assigned in the middle of the school year? How did you handle it? What are you most looking forward to for this school year?
What are you an expert at? Maybe you’re not a world-class expert, but you know more than enough about a particular topic or you have a specialized skill set that not many other people possess. I have teacher friend who within the last few years has developed a gardening skill that produces some magnificent vegetables. She’s done her homework in learning what season is best for growing particular foods. She’s dedicated the time necessary to care for her plants. She literally enjoys the fruits, and vegetables, of her labor. If I ever decided that I wanted to learn how to grow my own food, she’d be the one I’d go to first.
When asked about her backyard garden and what got her started with this hobby, she simply just tells me that she wanted to know if she could do it. The challenge of doing something that she hadn’t done before intrigued her. She needed something to redirect and refocus her thinking after a long day in the classroom. And the potential of saving a few dollars at the grocery store was a little bit appealing too. No one was telling her that this was what she needed to do. It all stemmed from an inner desire to develop a new skill. She’s intrinsically motivated to do her best.
An Empowered Learner displays motivation to learn. Our students are often motivated in many areas of interest that we rarely see because they are not written into a state standard. We teach student athletes, musicians, artists and even gamers who spend hours of their own time developing skill sets that provide for them a sense of empowerment.
Maybe our students aren’t able to articulate why they do what they do, but researchers who have studied what motivates people find that when a learner is intrinsically motivated the learning that occurs is authentic learning. It’s learning that sticks because the individual has found a way to make multiple connections within their existing schema. The neural network is literally rewiring itself when we see how one concept relates to another. The more connections that are made, the deeper the learning that occurs. And once the rewiring takes place, we are able to apply that new knowledge in different ways, to make reiterations of it. This transfer of learning is what prompts us to ask ourselves, “I wonder how I could…”fill in the blank. We ask more questions when we are intrinsically motivated, and when we ask more questions the creativity that exists in all of us flourishes because we want to find solutions. But we don’t simply seek to get to the final discovery, we thrive on the exploration and the experimentation that takes place along this journey. For us, the destination isn’t the end, but the beginning of something else. Through this process of learning, we find deep personal satisfaction. While encouragement, compliments, and awards are appreciated, an intrinsically motivated person will continue to pursue their passion even if no one pays attention.
While life does provide us the opportunity to be adventurous and explore new territories, there are things that we just have to learn how to do, because it’s part of life. For these instances, our motivation is extrinsic, and the learning is usually just enough to get us by, or surface learning. Oftentimes, what we supposedly have learned can’t be recalled long after the the need for it passes. Our interest in the topic or skill only goes as deep as the requirement demands and please don’t ask us to invest much of our precious time, energy, or effort. Just tell us what we have to do and we’ll do it and be done with it. The final destination is all we care about and the straighter the path to get there, the better. After all, we’re only learning how to do something in order to satisfy someone else’s requirement.
Can I be honest with you about something? This is exactly how I felt about completing the SEI requirements that the Arizona Department of Education stipulates in order to have a valid teaching license. I remember nothing about that learning experience. But, in order to cope and be compliant with state law, I’ve figured out who in my school district does know and I refer to her as my source of information. This allows me to keep my mental activity on other areas of interest.
Our students are no different. If they are learning something in school that they have difficulty mustering up the motivation, they will simply do the bare minimum requirement and find other resources to help them stay compliant.
It is our job to create learning experiences that draw on their interests, that support them in the neural networking process, and light a fire within them so that the learning that takes place is authentic. We accomplish this by giving them a VOICE and a CHOICE in our classrooms. This is what drives an Empowered Learner.
A connection. Whenever I have listened to an "inspirational" speaker, the framework of their message is based on their ability to connect with the audience. The speaker describes a circumstance in which a majority of the listeners can relate to in some sort of manner. A stand up comedian is able to generate laughs because we've "been there and done that" too. The ability to uncover similarities is what sparks the connection between you and me; it's the beginning of a relationship. The more ties that we can create, the stronger the connection.
Vision. It is said that Michelangelo could look at a block of marble and see the sculpture that was meant to be discovered with his hammer and chisel. Being able to see what yet does not exist requires us to shed personal biases through which we currently view our experiences. A vision-caster has the ability to deliver a perspective for the future that is fresh and innovative. A clearly stated vision can show us the filters and blinders we have and how to remove them in order to begin stepping in a new direction.
Potential. The belief that a new vision is possible is core to being inspired. Have you closely observed a droplet of food coloring into a jar of water? What about when the water was cooled compared to when it was heated. The color dissolves much quicker in the heated water because the water molecules have more space in between due to the added energy. A vision-caster heats the water so to speak, creating energy and building potential in order to instill the belief that a new vision is achievable.
A Plan. Without a plan, inspiration fizzles. The vision simply becomes framed words on a wall. It can be repeated at every gathering, but without a course of action, it is meaningless. Inspiration gains momentum when the people directly affected are involved in the development of the plan. Empower the stakeholders to determine their own path to achieve the new vision.
A Network. Nothing is quite like being surrounded by your supporters. Knowing that for better or worse, you have a team that will stand behind you amplifies inspiration. Not only that, but a solid network of others expands the available talent pool of resources from which to draw. I might be able to do one thing well, but with nine others who have a variety of skill sets, a great many things can be carried out.
As the 2017-18 school year commences, how will you inspire the people with whom you work the most closely, whether it be Kindergartners, 12th grade Seniors, the Technology & Transportation Departments or the entire staff at A+ school?
Yesterday I finished reading Start.Right.Now.: Teach and Lead for Excellence by Todd Whitaker, Jeffrey Zoul, and Jimmy Casas.
While I could provide you with a summary or even a review, I want to get straight to the point of what I learned from reading the book.
My big ah-ha was sparked at the end of the book, page 203 to be exact, where the authors state in their own words, that excellence is achieved by being determined to accomplish a goal.
Here's why this is a big-ish deal right now: I believe that when considered within the context of my One Word for 2017 - SHIFT - this mindset of being determined to make "it" non-negotiable is how changes happen.
When you only try - there is no commitment, no emphasis on what's valuable, no eagerness to be different.
I probably suffer from perfectionism. I am hesitant to make changes unless I am assured of the outcome. But here is where this all comes together for me. When I am shifting (small nudges towards something different), I can be more confident in the results. And even if the results are not what I had hoped, I'm not set back that much. Whatever it is that I aiming for is still recoverable, especially if I make it a point to learn from the failure. Knowing this, I can be determined to take small steps towards a goal. Any reluctance I might have pales in comparison to the potential that might result.
European patent attorneys – why you should contemplate requesting their assistance and what can they be helpful for? • Bllr
European patent attorneys – why you should contemplate requesting their assistance and what can they be helpful for?
A european patent is a patent granted by the European Patent Office. This is a European operation, bringing about a unique protection that brings together an assortment of international legislations.
As can be expected, good knowledge of at least one foreign language and legislation is demanded for this purpose, which is why it is helpful to work with a prominent law office operating in the intellectual property area.
A good law office implies primarily a one which employs some skillful European patent attorneys. The scope of assistance provided by such institutions incorporate: development and filing of patent documentation, utility and industrial patterns, registration of logos in Poland and elsewhere, registration of new biological varieties, patent research, representation of partakers to related courts or legislative bodies in litigations and assistance with the development of a patent strategy, handle operations to invalidate the registered patent or trademark, and issue an opinion on the practicability of such operations. European patent attorneys can also help in the technology transfer, for example in ensuring the rights of parties concerned in commercial negotiations and the preparation of technology transfer arrangements.
That makes a pretty long index of professional knowledge which infrequently is in possession of one individual. That is why whoever desires to register a European patent, in the first place should consider consulting a specialized law office.
business clients companies company corporations customers Enterprise IT market money people products services software solution time work
Description (Service) Offers a variety of programs and services to address the health and wellness of families and community environment
Provides culturally appropriate support services, resources, educational materials, and workshops to address community wellness needs
Endeavors to improve the quality of/access to, culturally appropriate resources, services and education
Health Drop-in days to Band members in the communities of Beardmore, Thunder Bay, Geraldton, Nipigon and Jellicoe to address health concerns and to offer health-related services and workshops
Important User Information: Remote access to EBSCO's databases is permitted to patrons of subscribing institutions accessing from remote locations for personal, non-commercial use. However, remote access to EBSCO's databases from non-subscribing institutions is not allowed if the purpose of the use is for commercial gain through cost reduction or avoidance for a non-subscribing institution.
The Georgia Superior Court Clerks� Cooperative Authority is redesigning its web site to help clients and potential clients find the information they need easily and quickly. To ensure that we achieve this, we are asking users of GSCCCA.org how you use our website.
The information gathered in this survey will be used solely by the GSCCCA to better understand your needs. Information will not be shared or sold to another company or individual. The survey should take 10 minutes or less to complete.
To thank you for your valuable feedback, once you submit your survey, you will be registered to win two months of subscription credit. We will notify you via email on Monday, July 2, if you have won.
The information provided by this website is for the personal, non-commercial use of consumers and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties consumers may be interested in purchasing.All information deemed reliable but not guaranteed. Datafeed Last updated on November 9, 2018 @ 2:56 am
* NOTICE: By creating your free profile, you authorize us to send you periodic emails about new listings that match your saved searches and related real estate information.If you provide your telephone number, you are giving us permission to call you in response to this request, even if this phone number is in the State and/or National Do Not Call Registry.
Mapping Augustan Rome responds to a lacuna in the field of Roman archaeology and urbanism: there exists no comprehensive reasoned period plan of Republican or Imperial Rome. Our enterprise aimed to create a visual synopsis of what is known about the city of Rome c.A.D. 14 – a pivotal phase of Rome’s transformation into an imperial capital – and to justify our renderings in written form. The result is a set of large-scale maps (1:6000 for the Main Map; 1:3000 for the Central Area) and a critical commentary addressing every structure, area, and aspect depicted. The title, Mapping Augustan Rome, expressly conveys our belief that the work offered here is merely the beginning of a larger process of reasoned visualization to be carried out on many levels of scholarship and which may, eventually, result in a ‘map’ of Augustan Rome.
Begun in December of 1998, Mapping Augustan Rome had its origins in a graduate seminar initiated by Lothar Haselberger and co-taught with David Gilman Romano at the University of Pennsylvania. Contributors to the project included eleven graduate students and one undergraduate, hailing from various disciplines including archaeology, art history, ancient history, and classics. Each participant was assigned a region of the Urbs to research, producing written entries and annotated visual materials which were then transformed by D.G. Romano and two graduate students into a digital format. Concurrently, Andrew Gallia and Nicholas Stapp worked to model the physical topography of the Augustan city, one of the project’s notable innovations (for technical details: “Making the map”. At the end of the process, Mark Davison, a professional graphic designer, improved the legibility and aesthetics of the maps.
The written text includes two introductory chapters which outline the project’s goals, procedures and accomplishments “An introduction to the experiment”, and explain the intricacies of computerized map-making “Making the map”. The balance of the volume consists of individual entries which seek to justify and explain each aspect of the map. Each region of the city is addressed in a broad, overarching entry, as are several urban systems such as aqueducts, city walls, and suburban expansion. Individual entries detail nearly 400 buildings, monuments, streets, tombs, neighborhoods, and horti, as well as more than 50 aspects of the Augustan city which could not be visualized, often due to an imperfectly known location (for a complete list, consult the indices of the Main Map). Rather than repeating information already available in topographic dictionaries such as the Lexicon Topographicum Urbis Romae, each entry is limited to issues which impact the rendering process; aspects and debates tangential to the focus of our work are cursorily treated, if at all.
Though hindsight always reveals room for improvement, we hope to have provided a critically commented upon period plan of Rome at a crucial stage of its urban development.
Physical Description Vest of beige silk satin with silk thread embroidered border and center front three-button closure.
Object History Worn by Benjamin Peters Hutchinson (1828-1899), grandfather of the donors, when he was married to Sarah Ingalls in Lynn, Massachusetts, circa 1855. Mr. Hutchinson, who was popularly known as "Old Hutch" established the first packing company in Chicago and founded the Corn Exchange Bank. For many years, he was the most prominent figure on the Chicago Board of Trade and was called "The Wheat King." Worn by Benjamin Peters Hutchinson (1828-1899), grandfather of donors, when he was married to Sarah Ingalls in Lynn, Massachusetts, circa. 1855. Mr. Hutchinson, who was popularly known as "Old Hutch" established the first packing company in Chicago and founded the Corn Exchange Bank. For many years, he was the most prominent figure on the Chicago Board of Trade and was called "The Wheat King."
Curatorial Statement For nearly two-hundred years, men's wedding attire has remained virtually the same: a black wool suit with a buttoned jacket and pointed lapels. By the 1880s a formal version of the dinner jacket came into fashion and was renamed after a Tuxedo, New York, club where it was first seen in this country. Although gray, blue, and even light-colored linen are worn today, a black tuxedo is by far the most common choice in men's formal wear. This enduring trend has led some to call the tuxedo a uniform, and since renting a tuxedo has been common practice for more than fifty years, there are few examples in the Museum's collection after World War II. More common men's wedding attire in the collection are vests, bow ties, and cuff links. These items are the few means for grooms to express their individuality. Often men chose something to match their brides or, as women did, to wear long after the wedding.
When you're wearing the ball and chain : trio : Fresh, Corksey and Bunkie :: Frances G. Spencer Collection of American Popular Sheet Music
Note Caption title; Illustrated list t.p. in white, brown, orange, and black; floral design and photo. of Wilda Bennett; list of 17 songs and arrangements from the show; "Joe Weber offers The only girl, a musical farcical comedy, the book and lyrics by Henry Blossom, the music by Victor Herbert, staged by Fred G. Latham" - List t.p; "No. 16" - Caption; Excerpts from 6 songs from The only girl / Victor Herbert on p. [2]; excerpts from 6 songs from Victor Herbert musicals published by M. Witmark & Sons on p. [6]; excerpt from Estellita; Whispering willows / Victor Herbert on p. [7]; excerpts from 4 songs from The Princess "Pat" / Victor Herbert on p. [8].
Media 2025 Roadmap – Develop ﻿your﻿ Media Leadership by adding ﻿an﻿ individually controlled Gateway Platform. Deliver personalized information, advertising and Individual Success — tomorrow’s actionable Media.
Work 2025 Roadmap – Develop your Work Leadership by becoming the “Platform for Real-Time ﻿Work﻿” around the world. Converge customers, employees, ﻿suppliers﻿, distributors, markets and the economy.
Commerce 2025 Roadmap – Embed Active Commerce and develop your Commercial Leadership. Replace search, advertising, shopping and retail ﻿﻿with﻿﻿ “moment of need” knowledge, tools and commerce.
Supply Chain 2025 Roadmap – ​Disrupt and lead the economy with Connected Consumption, and a FAST Platform for Worldwide Prosperity. By 2025, one or a few companies could lead Supply and Demand Chains that raise prosperity and success worldwide.
Corporate Digital Transformation Roadmap – Transform your company at Global scale. Then earn revenues: Advise other companies in people-first Transformations. Sell your Digital Earth Platform as a cloud service. Earn as companies lead a People-First Digital Earth.
Economic Growth 2025 Roadmap – Help lead the world to faster economic growth and the solution to inequality. Start Universal Prosperity through Exponential Personal Growth.
A Global Digital Transformation will converge everything into one Digital Infrastructure — with a few long-term winners, and many losers.
The first Expandiverse patent was cited over 500 times within 10 months after it issued. – More than 1 in 4 citations are from world leading tech companies.
Transform customers, employees, suppliers and distributors – Become indispensable. Start adding tomorrow’s Digital Earth features to products and services, and capture the future.
Visionary book. All 5-star reviews on Amazon.com. – Now free on Medium.com. In the top 10% on Medium.com in 2016.
How tech can produce Personal Greatness, Universal Prosperity and a Successful Planet that includes everyone.
Leave the slow road of incremental innovation to others. Go directly from A to Z with this Digital Transformation Roadmap:
The big surprises will be Global Digital Transformation, with Human Exponential Growth. Why disrupt only your industry when you can re-open everyone’s future, and lead a successful planet?
Digital competition is winner-take-all: The pain from digital defeat is catastrophic failure. The pleasure from digital victory is leadership.
The world is already digitally colonized by Facebook, Amazon, Google, Apple and others. Your company has already lost. Even if you win in your niche, dominant companies can block your growth as you try to develop industry or world digital leadership.
But now you have a new technology lever: With the Expandiverse you can lead your industry, and help lead the world.
Here is the two-speed strategy, new technology and plan: Your company can take leadership of your industry, then scale it to help transform the world’s people and economy.
Make this your growing and succeeding Digital Earth. In a winner-take-all Digital Economy, to the victors goes the world.
It’s begun: An economic extinction of companies and jobs. Every two weeks, on average, a company falls off the S&P 500. By 2025, half of today’s leading companies will be new.
How will your company survive and prosper? This first strategy is how to survive and get the resources to become a digital leader.
This second strategy adds a digital acceleration initiative next to your main business. This starts small and lean, focused on developing your leadership. Using new Expandiverse Technology, this shows you how to become a leader in your industry.
Your digital advances will help your company and customers rise to the top, with you as a leader of a more capable Digital Earth.
The review might be not rigorous and there will be something wrong with the content just because I am still confused with the use of the dual AFC ring. Here I am sincerely hoping for the guidance of all the great gods.
Wismec is the sub-brand of Joyetech company. Theorem RTA, the product of Wismec, is a major concern in the listing of the early market. Both the appearance and use of NotchCoil with Cotton are on the fashion front. The height is 46.25mm (1.82 inch) and it is very clear to see the cotton through the glass sleeve. Seen from the brass center pin, you needn’t worry about the safety when the atomizer is used on mod.
As the following pictures show, there are 3 x Silicon Orings (Cyan), 4 x Screws, 1 x Hex Key, 2 x Airflow Control Rings (single and dual), 1 x Stainless Lined Glass Sleeve, 1 x Glass Sleeve, NotchCoilTM with Cotton in the package.
The blocked top liquid filling port makes the liquid don’t leak when stands upside down for some time.
If you are interested in this RTA, Just check 3FVAPE.com, now $24.99 available for free shipping. The Wismec Theorem RTA RDTA is $24.99 on 3fvape.com.
Jefferson County school Superintendent Phil Hammonds will retire in February 2013. The Board of Education is in the middle of a search for his replacement. (Birmingham News file)
HOMEWOOD, Alabama -- The Jefferson County Board of Education decided in a work session today to conduct interviews with five superintendent finalists the week of Sept. 17 and hope to select a new superintendent two weeks later.
The finalists are Karyle Green, superintendent of East Allen County Schools in Indiana; Julie Hannah, director of student learning for the Alabama Department of Education; Stephen Nowlin, superintendent of Lee County schools; Alan Dale Robbins, recently retired as associate superintendent of teaching and learning support in Gwinnett County, Ga., public schools; and Brett Stanton, superintendent of Haralson County, Ga., schools.
Board President Jennifer Parsons told the board she made contact with each of the finalists last week to check their schedules for the interviews, and the only one who had an issue was Stanton. Parsons said Stanton had a conflict the day he is to be interviewed, Sept. 26. She said she asked him if he could make it work any other day that week or the prior week, and he said no.
"The earliest he said he can be available is Oct. 1," she told board members. That is the week the board hopes to make a final selection.
"I can't imagine that anyone who is interested in the job can't work something out in a two-week time frame," said Board member Ronald Rhodes.
Parsons said she would talk to Stanton about fitting him into the schedule before the week of Oct. 1. If not, the board likely will not interview him.
The interviews, which are open to the public, are tentatively scheduled for 2 p.m. followed by a less formal meet-and-greet with the public.
The board launched its superintendent search in June and hopes to have a new superintendent in place Jan. 2 to replace current Superintendent Phil Hammonds, who is retiring when his contract expires in February 2013.
A ‘Good Frame of Mind’ is the AmericanFrame.com company blog where we write about all things art & framing. Here you will find a range of articles on frame design, framing tips and techniques, printing tutorials and answers to your ‘frequently asked’ customer service questions. We love to interact with our audience so we hope you’ll join our community by subscribing and commenting on the blog.
Made from rigid, linen-wrapped beveled wood, linen liners offer a stately alternative to matting, both in function and appearance. Long used by professional framers to create depth and soften the transition between a wood frame and original oil paintings, linen liners are ideal for framing canvas without acrylic, but they can also be used above or below acrylic when framing art on paper.
Our liners are offered in two face widths, ¾” and 1½”, and two colors, either natural or white. To order a linen liner with your frame, choose a wood frame with a rabbet depth of at least ¾”. When you use our online ordering system, all the math will be done for you. Just choose your frame, then scroll to the bottom of the page and click on “Frame My Own Artwork with Linen Liners.” When a liner is ordered with a frame, we guarantee the dimension and fit. If you already have a frame and need just a liner, you can click on the liner category under Wood Frame Collections and enter your dimensions for your custom cut purchase.
If you ever have any questions or would like to see samples, give us a call at (800) 537-0944, M-F, 8:30-5:30 EST.
Archive November 2018 (1) October 2018 (7) September 2018 (6) August 2018 (10) July 2018 (2) June 2018 (8) May 2018 (6) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (7) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (2) December 2017 (3) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (3) June 2017 (2) May 2017 (4) April 2017 (3) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) November 2016 (5) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (3) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (2) March 2016 (2) February 2016 (2) January 2016 (2) December 2015 (5) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (5) September 2015 (4) August 2015 (5) July 2015 (4) June 2015 (4) May 2015 (4) April 2015 (7) March 2015 (11) February 2015 (8) January 2015 (10) December 2014 (5) November 2014 (6) October 2014 (12) September 2014 (8) August 2014 (14) July 2014 (15) June 2014 (8) May 2014 (14) April 2014 (10) March 2014 (15) February 2014 (1) January 2014 (1) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (7) October 2013 (6) September 2013 (7) August 2013 (8) July 2013 (4) June 2013 (3) May 2013 (3) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (2) January 2013 (2) December 2012 (2) November 2012 (2) October 2012 (1) September 2012 (2) August 2012 (4) July 2012 (1) June 2012 (5) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (2) February 2012 (2) January 2012 (2) November 2011 (1) October 2011 (1) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (1) June 2011 (1) May 2011 (1) April 2011 (2) March 2011 (1) February 2011 (2) January 2011 (3) November 2010 (1) October 2010 (2) August 2010 (1) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (3) May 2010 (2) April 2010 (2) March 2010 (2) February 2010 (3) January 2010 (4) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (2) October 2009 (2) September 2009 (4) August 2009 (2) July 2009 (5) June 2009 (1) May 2009 (2)
This blog post was guest written for us by Guy Heilenman, President of Timothy Hughes Rare & Early Newspapers . Properly framing...
On July 7, 2009, I kicked off our Summer Celebration Metal Sale with a tribute to Robert Kulicke, creator of the ori...
Attaching hanging hardware to a solid wood frame is easier, faster and more full-proof than many people think. There are two basic types ...
The floater frame is perfect for presenting both painted and printed art on stretched canvas. Unlike a traditional frame which overlaps an ...
American Photographers have been creating Masterful Photography & Video for over 25 years. We use classic and contemporary photographic methods, including Hollywood lighting, airbrushed portraits and photojournalism to create beautiful photographs you will treasure forever. American Photographers will offer you; classic matted wedding albums, contemporary digital designed wedding albums, hand painted canvas portraits, engagement guest sign-in books, custom framing, 4×6 printed proofs, full length DVD movies with chapter menus, and a variety of parents wedding albums and photo thank you cards are available in our packages.
Here is Your Weekly Healthy Vegan Recipe -Shepherd’s Pie with Garlic Chive Potato Crust brought to you by PCRM.org
Another Healthy Delicious Fall Weather Soup Dish, brought to you by Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine-Enjoy
Your Vegan Recipe of the Week No-Oil Asparagus and Pea Soup Brought to you by Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine
In the early 1900s few people understood the fact that all animals are intelligent, thinking feeling beings. This was the era that gave rise to marine parks. The biggest and best was, and still is, SeaWorld.
The first marine parks started in the1960s and killer whales have been starring in them since 1965. We now understand so much more about animals. Due to the highly sophisticated levels of equipment, we have been given the ability to observe and study all animals in their natural habitats. What we have learned about the animal kingdom is that it has complex societies with strong family ties, sophisticated intellect used in hunting strategies, as well as escape strategies, rearing of young, ways of avoiding inbreeding, problem solving abilities and the use and construction of tools to build their homes and find food.
Of all the amazing aspects of animals that we have learned, probably the most meaningful is that animals have the same emotional feelings of fear, love and loss of a loved one that we do. Many of us certainly sensed this, but now we have documented proof.
We have learned that animals suffer from the same mental disorders brought on by the same toxic environments of loneliness, deprivation of mental stimuli and loss of freedom and family. We have learned that when an animal is taken out of their habitat and taken away from their families, they have the same longing to go back to where they came from, a place where they all call home, as we do.
One of the best witnessed examples of what happens to a wild animal that suffers from all of the above is Tilikum, the star killer whale of SeaWorld for 25 years and held captive for 34 years. Tilikum has become the poster child for all animals that are taken away from their natural habitat and families and made to perform tricks for a paying public.
Steve Huxter | The Voice of the Orcas When Tilikum did not perform a trick correctly, food was withheld from both him and his tankmates, which caused a great deal of tension, and as a result, Haida and Nootka would bite Tilikum and rake the entire length of his body with their teeth.
The truth is that the orcas obey their commands so they can eat and not be punished for disobeying their commands and have their meals withheld and/or put in a holding tank, just big enough to hold one of them, alone. They are intelligent and are doing what is necessary to survive as they are held captive.
SeaWorld was the first worldwide franchise of marine animal parks. SeaWorld, and those fisherman that were among the first to capture killer whales, as well as other seafaring animals, filmed what they did, and how they did it, as historical data that they were proud of. They had no idea what the retelling of that data when viewed in the expose, Blackfish, would cause the enormous negative wave of outcry that would change the very core of marine parks and the way they are viewed.
Blackfish, was filmed in 2013 and directed by Gabriela Cowperthwaite. It revealed the truth to the much more learned individuals of today. Even many of those involved with the capturing of orcas, when interviewed for Blackfish, admitted that what they were doing was wrong and many truly do regret what they did, but not all of them.
Blackfish is the story of Tilikum, the killer whale, which shows how SeaWorld and other parks, exploited these highly intelligent sea mammals, by capturing young whales and taking them away from their mothers and family pods. The film shows how the mothers and the calves, as well as other family members, screamed for each other when separated and the entire pod would follow the boat carrying young whales captured and taken from their families. The family pod followed until they were just too tired and heartbroken to continue. Males, that live up to 60 years in the wild, spend their entire lives with their mothers, who live to 80 or 90 years old. Separation from the pod or hostility within the pods is virtually nonexistent.
“When you get born into the family, you are always in the family. You don’t have a house or a home that is your location. The group is your home, and your whole identity is with your group. Aggression between members of a pod almost never occurs in the wild. “
I learned about Ken Balcomb, and much of what I now know about captive killer whales, from two articles I read by Tim Zimmermann, who writes for Outside magazine. He also was one of the brave individuals that worked on Blackfish. One of the men that Zimmermann met on his quest to unravel just what happens to whales in captivity, is Ken Balcomb, who is now 75. His headquarters for his Center for Whale Research, is his home, which is on San Juan Island, off the coast of Washington State along the shores of Haro Strait. There he is able to study the whales that pass through and sees them from his home about 80 days of the year. If there is anything to know about orcas, nobody knows more than Balcomb. And for the record, he is one of the good guys, as is Zimmermann.
Killer whales live in family units of 20 to 60 whales that are governed by the females of the pod with the oldest female being the supreme leader. We have learned that when a wild animal is taken away from his family, the life he or she was meant to live, made to perform circus tricks and incarcerated for 34 years, it will cause them to go insane.
This is the way Tilikum was taken in 1983 at the age of two and has lived in captivity for 34 years.
The picture above is of Lolita, who was captured in the Puget Sound, Washington, 13 years earlier than Tilikum. Orca capture techniques using purse-seine nets, high-speed boats, and even underwater explosives and aircraft were perfected in Washington shortly before orca-capture operations became regulated in the United States and were outlawed in Washington state. No longer able to capture orcas from Washington waters, the orca hunters moved to the open waters near Iceland, where Tilikum was captured. Lolita is still alive.
Griffin owned the Seattle Marine Aquarium. He had always wanted to train a killer whale. His wish came true in 1965 when he heard of a killer whale that had become tangled in a fishing net off the coast of Namu, British Columbia. He bought the 8,000 pound orca for $8,000.00 and named him Namu. He and his partner, Don Goldsberry, built, what was the first specially built boat, to transport a live orca. You have to wonder what Griffin and Goldsberry were thinking when the entire pod followed the boat most of the way, screaming, as it took their brother and son, Namu, who was screaming back.
Namu was the third orca ever captured, but the first killer whale trained to perform in shows with a human in the water with him. Griffin successfully trained Namu and they were an overnight sensation. The killer whale show industry was born and what a money making industry it become for the marine parks and those who supplied the marine parks with captured animals. National Geographic did a story on Namu and Griffin. A movie was made about Namu in 1966, and the sensation he caused grew to astronomical proportions. Everyone that loved animals and even those that didn’t, were mesmerized by what this amazing animal could do in tandem with a fellow mortal. On the scientific front, this was unbelievable and captivating beyond a marine biologists’ wildest dreams. It was everyone’s dream come true to see this massive and beautiful animal, from the depths of the unknown, bond with a human and perform in partnership with Griffin. What they witnessed was the stuff of fairy tales. Namu might as well have been a flying unicorn and Griffin a wizard. Metaphorically, that’s what they were.
To see Namu through the glass, gazing back at you, must have been magical. Even though most of us know it is wrong, it is still magical. The children, as well as adults, were captivated by this so long ago. But as I think about it today, I wonder how strange and frustrating it is for an orca, used to nothing blocking their path in the great blue ocean, to look through the clear glass that stopped them from going forward. It stopped the curious Namu from touching the children’s hands, hands that longed to touch him as well.
This is where the fascination began and it was a worthy fascination. Fascination is a magical and wonderful state of mind, but with it came the danger and sadness that very few could see or predict. Those that could see it had no more chance of stopping it than stopping a tidal wave.
Namu and Griffin’s fame was enormous, but this was not what Namu was meant to do. Zimmermann wrote about this and I will quote him here: “Namu was often heard calling to other orcas from his pen in the sea, and he died within a year from an intestinal infection, probably brought on by a nearby sewage outflow. Griffin was devastated. But his partner at the aquarium, Don Goldsberry, was a blunt, hard-driving man who could see that there was still a business in killer whales.”
Based on what I read in Zimmermann’s account, Griffin truly cared for the whale he named Namu and was heartbroken by his death. However, it did not stop him from capturing more orcas, of which many died in the process and many died within a year or so in captivity. But the show must go on. Griffin and Goldsberry were now in the business of capturing and selling whales to the growing marine parks opening up all over the world.
As Zimmermann reported, “In October 1965, Goldsberry and Griffin trapped 15 killer whales in Carr Inlet, near Tacoma. One died during the hunt. Another – a 14-foot female that weighed 2,000 pounds – was captured and named Shamu (for She-Namu). In December, a fast-growing marine park in San Diego, called SeaWorld, acquired Shamu and flew her to California. Goldsberry says he and Griffin were paid $70,000. It was the start of a billion-dollar franchise.”
Goldsberry eventually became the main supplier of marine animals for SeaWorld and made a fortune doing it. He was calculating, determined and brutal. He killed many orcas in the process of being captured and transported. He caught a total of 252 whales and sold 29 of them. He also managed to kill 9 of them in his nets.
Steve Huxter | The Voice of the Orcas This image shows Tilikum covered with lanolin, an oil extracted from sheep’s wool. It is applied to orcas’ whole bodies to prepare them for a long transport without water.
In 1983 it was Goldsberry who choreographed the capturing of Tilikum. “Tilikum,” ironically, means “friend” in Chinook. Another male and female were captured with him off the coast of Iceland. Tilikum was placed in a concrete holding tank for almost a year. A year of torture for a young male ripped away from his family and all he knew. The mental stress he endured going to a concrete holding pen, coming from the entire ocean and surrounded by family, was nothing less than cruel and unusual punishment for an innocent animal, and innocent fellow being. Finally, in 1984, Tilikum was shipped to Sealand of the Pacific, off the coast of British Columbia’s Vancouver Island.
Sealand was a bad place. In the fourteen years before Tilikum and two females, Haida and Nootka, arrived at Sealand, seven orcas had died there. They were all young whales with an average age of three and a half years old. Robert Wright was the owner of Sealand. He and his trainers trained the whales to perform in shows. The shows were every hour on the hour, eight times a day, seven days a week. The performance pool was netted mesh, 100 x 50 feet, 35 feet deep, strung from floating docks. Wright, was worried about someone cutting the net and freeing the whales or the whales chewing through the net and getting away. So, at night the three whales were put in a steel holding tank 26 feet in diameter and 26 feet deep. They were cramped and irritable. Tilikum got the worst of it. Because females are dominant in the orca world, they bullied him, raked them with their teeth, sometimes he was so badly cut up, he could not perform.
All of them were cut up from rubbing the metal sides of the holding tank. Nootka and Tilikum developed ulcers. They were stuck in that tank for 14 1/2 hours every night. Sometimes one, or all of them, refused to go in.
If only someone had let them go. If only they had chewed their way out. Unfortunately, the story only gets worse.
Bruce Stevens, a trainer for SeaWorld from 1987 to 1989, was brought in to help improve training methods at Sealand. The most significant, invaluable and apocalyptic information Stevens gave Sealand’s trainers was written in a manual that he had given to each trainer. Stevens wrote:
“If you fail to provide your animals with the excitement they need, they will create their own excitement.”
Orcas need constant change and engagement. Stevens also made changes to their daily routines by adding learning time, playtime and mixing routines up daily. However, after Stevens left, everything went back to business as usual. It was a dangerous situation just waiting for a fatal accident to happen.
It was a known fact among people that worked with captive orcas that if anything unusual fell into the tank it would become an instant toy for them to play keep-away with, keeping it from each other and certainly from the trainers.
In fact, orcas get bored in the wild as well. I was watching a documentary on orcas many years ago that told me so much about their personalities. Those filming the documentary caught some very rare, and difficult to watch, footage. There were three young orcas that had split from their pod to do some gallivanting. They came across a mother blue whale and her very young calf. “Ahhh…. Now there’s a game we can play,” they must have said to each other. And they do talk to each other. They were relentless and calculating in the way they achieved getting the calf away from its mother and when they did, they were just as relentless and calculating with the calf. They pushed him up and out of the water and volleyed him back and forth. They bit at him and tore his skin. It was only after the calf had died, and was no longer fighting to get away, did they become bored and leave him. They were not hungry or they would have eaten him. They were bored, like a cat, who is the only domesticated animal that has never lost their wild instincts, toying and torturing their prey until it dies or can no longer move. Then leaving it or putting on the porch as a present for their owner.
Humans in the tank with killer whales, at this stage of the game, were not a normal occurrence. Many marine parks had begun “desensitizing” whales to objects that fell in, ultimately desensitizing them to a human falling in. It starts with feet dangling in the water working up to a person actually falling in. It is termed “water works” in which humans are actually in the water with the whales.
Robert Wright, the owner of Sealand, was unwilling to take that risk. Make no mistake about it, it was and remains a huge risk.
As mentioned, Tilikum and Nootka both had developed ulcers. Nootka was irritable and unpredictable. Eric Walters, a trainer that worked at Sealand witnessed a trainer being pulled into the water by Nootka. Lucky for the trainer, Walters quickly pulled her out. Nootka tried to bite Walters’ hand, twice! Once they brought a blind woman from the audience to pat Nootka’s tongue and Nootka bit her.
Walters left Sealand out of frustration in 1989 and contacted the Canadian Federation of the Humane Society so that the topic could be brought up at a conference on whales in captivity. He noted the dangerous situation which was not being addressed at Sealand due to the sloppy treatment and training of the whales.
As Zimmerann reported, “In closing, Walters wrote, ‘I feel that sooner or later someone is going to get seriously hurt.’”
On February 20, 1991, it happened. Keltie Bryne, a part time trainer and student studying marine biology, was cleaning up at the end of the day after the shows had finished. She slipped halfway into the pool and struggled to get out, but it was too late. The deprived, irritable, depressed and bored beyond belief, killer whales grabbed her. Bryne was a “live” plaything. In the dark sea water, it was difficult to see which whale was doing what to Bryne, but it’s safe to say that they all wanted her and whoever had her at any one time was barraged by the other two in an attempt to snatch her away. The trainers did everything they could, from throwing food in the water, giving recall commands and trying to get the life ring close enough for Bryne to grab it. The whales kept her away from it. They were not going to let her go until the game was over. And the game would go on until she no longer struggled. Bryne surfaced twice, screaming each time. She was under the water for ten minutes before she surfaced for the third time.
Even after Keltie Bryne had died it took the trainers two hours to recover the body. Bryne had drowned. She also had been beaten to a pulp, bruised and bloody from where the whales bit her, from head to toe. Nootka, Haida and Tilikum had stripped all her clothes off except for one boot.
As Zimmermann reported, “‘It was just a tragic accident,’ Al Bolz, Sealand’s manager, told reporters at the time. ‘I just can’t explain it.’”
If Bolz was telling the truth about not being able to explain what had happened, it begs the question, why was someone with no knowledge of orcas a manager running a marine park? If he was lying, management was turning a blind eye to the mistreatment of the whales and the potential danger that was bound to occur.
As reported by Zimmermann: “Paul Spong, 70 (now 76), director of Orca Lab, in British Columbia – which studies orcas in the wild – did part-time research at Sealand before Tilikum arrived. Spong was not so befuddled.
‘If you pen killer whales in a small steel tank, you are imposing an extreme level of sensory deprivation on them,’ he says. ‘Humans who are subjected to those same conditions become mentally disturbed.’”
Before reading Tim Zimmermann’s two articles, I knew nothing in depth about orcas, but I knew this, which I tweeted not long ago regarding Tilikum: “Poor Tilikum. He has been slowly, desperately going out of his mind.” The experts back me up on that.
If Tilikum, Haida and Nootka were charged with murder, and I was their lawyer, after hearing the expert witness’ testimony from Paul Spong, I would rest my case and ask that the charge of murder be placed on Sealand’s management.
What happened to the marine parks after this incident? Since very few people actually heard about this tragedy, marine parks, especially SeaWorld, continued to grow.
No murder charges were filed. Keltie Bryne’s death did have an effect on how things were done, but the true reason that this tragedy occurred was swept under the rug and marine parks did continue to grow and they had no intention of stopping. The easiest way to put a Band-aid on what happened to Keltie Bryne was to look at it as a tragic aberration and that’s what management, fans and most of the world did.
But there were a few that recognized the truth early on and got out. They tried to explain it, but no one would listen. Not yet.
After Keltie Bryne’s death Sealand’s owner, Robert Wright lost interest in the business. He contacted SeaWorld in 1991 and sold Haida, Nootka and Tilikum to them. Sealand closed in 1992.
SeaWorld was aware of what had happened, but Tilikum was a male of breeding age and they had their sights set on breeding killer whales in captivity. SeaWorld was about to get a bonus that they didn’t know existed. Tilikum had already impregnated Haida and Nootka.
Goldsberry is definitely one of the bad guys. Here is a little more about Goldsberry’s nefarious whale captures as reported by Zimmermann:
“In August 1970, concerned about backlash, Goldsberry weighted some dead orcas down with anchors and dumped them in deep water. When they were dragged up on a Whidbey Island beach by a trawling fisherman, the public started to understand the sometimes brutal reality of the “orca gold rush.”
“The Marine Mammal Protection Act in 1972, prohibited the taking of marine mammals in U.S. waters, but SeaWorld continued to receive killer whale capture permits under an educational-display exclusion. In March 1976, Goldsberry pushed his luck and the limits of public opinion. He sighted a group of killer whales in the waters just off Olympia, Washington’s state capital. In full view of boaters – and just as the state legislature was meeting to consider creating a Puget Sound killer whale sanctuary – he used seal bombs and boats to chase six orcas into his nets at Budd Inlet. Ralph Munro, an aide to Governor Dan Evans, was out on a small sailboat that day and remembers the sight.
‘It was gruesome as they closed the net. You could hear the whales screaming,’ Munro recalls. ‘Goldsberry kept dropping explosives to drive the whales back into the net.’
The State of Washington filed a lawsuit, contending that Goldsberry and SeaWorld had violated permits that required humane capture, and as the heat and publicity built, SeaWorld agreed to release the Budd Inlet killer whales and to stop taking orcas from Washington waters. With the Puget Sound hunting grounds closing, Goldsberry flew around the world looking for other good capture sites. He settled on Iceland, where killer whales were plentiful. By October 1976, SeaWorld’s first Icelandic orca had been captured.”
When Godsberry and SeaWorld finally parted ways, SeaWorld gave him $100,000 to keep his mouth shut for two years about the business he did with them. Goldsberry gladly took it. When Zimmermann caught up with Goldsberry in 2010, here’s what Goldsburg, now 82, in failing health with an oxygen tube clipped to his nose, had to say, “‘We showed the world that killer whales were good animals and all of a sudden people said, hey, leave these animals alone,’ he says, sipping a mug of vodka and ice.
‘I had to make a living…..I would go into SeaWorld and say, I need a quarter of a million or a half-million dollars, and they put it in my suitcase,’ he says with a grin. ‘It was good, catching animals. It was exciting. I was the best in the world. There is no question about it.’’’
As I mentioned, not all of them regretted what they did. Not the best one, which is also the worst one. And those like him are still around.
In 1991, SeaWorld bought Tilikum from Sealand. Tilikum is also from Icelandic waters. SeaWorld paid a reported sum of in the neighborhood of one million dollars to purchase Tilikum. However, SeaWorld was faced with a dilemma. Should they allow trainers in the water with him and teach him to perform with them?
SeaWorld was, and is, the Cadillac of marine parks. They certainly had mastered sophisticated training methods with plenty of variations in exercises and rewards. The goal was to avoid the whales being over stimulated by something new, as they had been with Keltie Bryne.
Tilikum had a hard act to follow. Shamu had been with trainers performing with her. Tilikum was also the best candidate for the job. But Tilikum had been involved with a death of a trainer in the pool with him. Thad Lacinak was vice president and corporate curator when Tilikum arrived at SeaWorld. He believes that had Tilikum been trained properly, Keltie Bryne’s tragic death would not have happened.
I disagree with Lacinak.Of course it would have happened and would happen again and again. If you are looking at the situation honestly, no one would agree with Lacinak’s opinion. But anything is easy to say when you are looking through a massive corporate lens that magnifies the profits and diminishes the risks. It’s an old story in any business.
There are no guarantees when working with wild animals. That’s what they say. Oddly enough, as much as these trainers and curators knew about whales, no one ever mentioned that it wasn’t because they were wild animals that made them unpredictable, it was because they were “captive” wild animals, and management, as well as trainers, had gone far beyond unpredictable. The whole scenario was predictable.
These gargantuan mammals were sad, angry and psychotic. They were slowly and desperately going out of their minds.
There’s only one reason why no one said anything about this, obviously, toxic and dangerous situation. If anyone had brought the subject up, they would be out of job and probably given money to keep their mouth shut.
These parks were making such massive money, one might say that anyone who bust the marine parks’ balloon, might have even been killed. And they were.
I believe, and I understand, that those working with these amazing animals truly cared for them. I also understand that the thrill of what they were doing was clouding their judgment regarding their own safety and regarding the fact that what they were doing was wrong, on so many levels. Not only were they putting themselves in danger, they were putting the public’s safety in danger as well.
There are those that did get out of the business. Robert Wright closed down Sealand, but what he could have done, should have done, was rehabilitate the whales and other animals he had, to be returned to the wild. I also understand that money is important and Wright made a lot of money by selling those animals to SeaWorld. I wonder if he regretted it looking back. Somehow, I doubt it.
Corporate curator of SeaWorld, Lacinak, thought that Tilikum could be trained to perform with trainers in the water, but the fact that he had been involved in a death, management at SeaWorld thought better of it.
SeaWorld worked on Talikum performing in the water alone. It was still an exciting show. Just watching him come out of the water was crowd pleasing.
The other interesting fact that the public never knew about is that trainers had been getting beaten up by these unhappy whales since training them began, which is not surprising to me.
According to Zimmermann, “Since the 1960s, there have been more than 40 documented incidents at marine parks around the world. In 1971, the first Shamu went wild on a bikini-wearing secretary from SeaWorld, who was pulled screaming from the pool. For every incident the public was aware of (the ones that occurred in front of audiences or that put trainers in the hospital), there were many more behind the scenes. John Jett was a trainer at SeaWorld in the 1990s. He left to pursue a Ph.D. in natural-resource management in 1995, having grown disillusioned with the reality of keeping large, intelligent animals in captivity. He says that getting nicked, and sometimes hammered, was just part of the price of living the killer whale dream:
SeaWorld says it gives trainers wide latitude and that, ‘The safety of our trainers and animals is paramount. Our trainers are empowered to alter any show or session plan if they have even the slightest concern.’”
Zimmermann goes on to say, “In 1987 alone, SeaWorld, San Diego experienced three incidents that hospitalized trainers with everything from fractured vertebrae to a smashed pelvis.
Jonathan Smith was one of them. In March, during a show, he was grabbed by two killer whales, who slammed him on the bottom of the 32-foot-deep pool five times before he finally escaped. ‘One more dunk for me and I would have gone out,’ he says. ‘They let me go. If they didn’t want to let me go, it would have been over.’ Smith was left with a ruptured kidney, a lacerated liver, and broken ribs. In response to these serious injuries, as well as other incidents, SeaWorld shook up its management team, pulled trainers from the water, and reassessed its safety protocols. After a number of changes (including making sure that only very experienced trainers worked with killer whales), trainers were allowed back in the pools.”
Unbelievable. I get angry every time I read this. My mind, at this point in the writing of this article was beginning to change about so many aspects of this carnage. I don’t believe I would have used the word carnage before researching and knowing what I now know. Let me make that cruel carnage.
What they call “safety procedures” are nonexistent. As Jonathan Smith said, “If they didn’t want to let me go, it would have been over.”
The whales understand that they are trapped and they understand that the only way they get fed is to placate these useless human beings, jump through hoops and get away with almost killing them as many times as they can.
At this point, I have to say, if you knew anything about killer whales, you would have to be crazy to get in the pool with them, especially if you were a trainer and had witnessed these violent injuries taking place. But you should have known something else. You should have known what the hell was going on with these magnificent, intelligent animals and you should have done everything in your power to stop it.
There is no doubt in my mind that anyone that did continue to work with orcas in the pool was seriously flawed.
In any one of these events that a trainer did not get killed is only because of one aspect of the situation. It is an aspect that the best of the best, even the most brilliant trainer, could never have any control over. That aspect is, the situation will turn out only one way, the way the orcas want it to.
As Zimmerminn reported, “In 1999, Tilikum reminded the world that, at least when it came to humans, he could be a very dangerous animal. Early on the morning of July 6, Michael Dougherty, a physical trainer at SeaWorld, arrived at his office near the underwater viewing area of G pool.”
He glanced through the viewing glass and saw Tilikum staring back, with what appeared to be two human feet hanging down his side. There was a nude body draped across Tilikum’s back. It wasn’t moving.”
Daniel Dukes was the victim. Dukes was recently released from the Indian River County jail for theft. He either sneaked in after hours or stayed after the park had closed and decided to take a swim with Tilikum.”
Dukes, like Keltie Bryne before him, had become a brand new toy and Tilikum played with the toy the same way he, Haida and Nootka had played with Bryne. And as with Bryne, the game wasn’t over until Tilikum was bored and the toy had stopped struggling.
As Zimmermann reported, “The coroner determined the cause of death to be drowning. There were no cameras or witnesses, so it’s not known if Tilikum held him under or hypothermia did him in. But it’s clear Tilikum worked Dukes over. The coroner found abrasions and contusions – both premortem and postmortem – all over his head and body, and puncture wounds on his left leg. His testicles had been ripped open. Divers had to go to the bottom of the pool to retrieve little pieces of his body. SeaWorld ramped up its security, posting a 24-hour watch at Shamu Stadium. Keltie Byrne had not been an aberration.”
Nor would this be the last person killed by Tilikum. Also, unbelievable. Silly, egotistical trainers are expendable. There were plenty of those. And they just keep on coming. It’s the whales they needed to keep around.
As reported by Zimmermann, “Despite the modifications, in 2006 another serious incident took place at SeaWorld San Diego, when head trainer Kenneth Peters was attacked by a killer whale called Kasatka. Kasatka grabbed Peters and repeatedly held him below the surface of the pool for up to a minute. He came close to drowning, and Kasatka joined Tilikum and a couple of other unruly SeaWorld orcas on the “no water work” blacklist.”
As hard as it is to believe, Tilikum did not stay on that list. It is not that he should be on the list. It is that there shouldn’t be a list. It is that he needed to be set free, as they all did. The longer an orca is held captive the more difficult to set he or she free. At some point it is not possible. If Tilikum wasn’t there yet, he was very close. It is just so unbelievable. An unbelievable nightmare that never seems to end.
Zimmermann reports, “Following the Peters incident, OSHA opened an investigation. After digging into the inner workings of SeaWorld’s killer whale shows, OSHA issued a report in 2007 that warned, ‘The contributing factors to the accident, in the simplest of terms, is that swimming with captive orcas is inherently dangerous and if someone hasn’t been killed already, it is only a matter of time before it does happen.’Sea World challenged the report as filled with errors, and OSHA agreed to withdraw it.”
Not only was this unbelievable, but had they forgotten that two people had already been killed, with Tilikum being one of the three orcas that killed Keltie Bryne in 1991 and Tilikum, on his own, also killed Daniel Dukes in 1999, and before Dukes there was Jonathan Smith that was hospitalized for a fractured vertebra, smashed pelvis and nearly drowned in 1987, which happened before Kasatka nearly drowned Kenneth Peters and left him with potentially life threatening injuries in 2006 along with the 40 or 50 other incidents that could have easily ended in deaths. Wasn’t any of this brought up?!!! Aren’t these events relevant?!!! Don’t these idiots understand what the hell is happening?!!!
When I posted this picture my mind went to the bottom line . Everything became clear to me. None of it was unbelievable. When you put the human hubris into the picture the unbelievable is clearly the inevitable.
As Zimmerman reported, “To work closely with a killer whale in a marine park requires experience, intuition, athleticism, and a whole lot of dramatic flair. Few people were better at it than top SeaWorld trainer Dawn Brancheau, who, at 40, was blond, vivacious, and literally the poster girl for the marine park in Orlando, Florida, appearing on billboards around the city. She decided she wanted to work with killer whales at the age of nine, during a family trip to SeaWorld, and loved animals so much that as an adult she used to throw birthday parties for her two chocolate Labs.
…… Dawn Brancheau was working the Dine with Shamu show, featuring SeaWorld’s largest killer whale, a six-ton, 22-foot male known as “Tili” (short for Tilikum). Dine with Shamu takes place in a faux-rock-lined, 1.6-million-gallon pool that has an open-air café wrapped around one side. The families snacking on the lunch buffet that Wednesday were getting an eyeful. Brancheau bounced around on the deck of the pool, wearing a black-and-white wetsuit that echoed Tilikum’s coloration, as she worked him through a few of the many “behaviors” he had learned during his nearly 27 years as a marine-park denizen. The audience chuckled at the sight of one of the ocean’s top predators performing like a circus animal.”
Even circus animals deserve to be treated with more dignity than being “circus animals.” And I can’t be sure, but the fact that Zimmermann described Brancheau, as she “bounced” around the deck of the pool, as being a compliment. I would not use “bouncing around” a stage to describe an intelligent minded person. Nor do I believe that Zimmermann has any love lost on an industry in which he describes the audience as they, “chuckled at the sight of one of the ocean’s top predator performing like a circus animal.”
As Zimmermann reported, “The show ended around 1:30 P.M. As the audience started to file out, Brancheau fed Tilikum some herring (he eats up to 200 pounds a day), doused him a few times with a bucket (killer whales love all sorts of stimulation), and moved over to a shallow ledge built into the side of the pool. There, she laid down in a few inches of water, talking to him and stroking him, conducting what’s known as a “relationship session.” Tilikum floated inert in the pool alongside her, his nose almost touching her shoulder. Brancheau was smiling, her long ponytail flaring out behind her.
One level down, a group of families gathered before the huge glass windows of the underwater viewing area. A trainer shouted up that they were ready for Tilikum. That was Brancheau’s signal to instruct the orca to dive down and swim directly up to the glass for a custom photo op. It’s an awesome sight when six tons of Tili come gliding out of the blue. But that day, instead of waiting for his cue and behaving the way decades of daily training in captivity had conditioned him to, Tilikum did something unexpected. Jan Topoleski, 32, a trainer who was acting as a safety spotter for Brancheau, told investigators that Tilikum took Brancheau’s drifting hair into his mouth. Brancheau tried to pull it free, but Tilikum yanked her into the pool. In an instant, a classic tableau of a trainer bonding with a marine mammal became a life-threatening emergency.
Topoleski hit the pool’s siren. A ‘Signal 500’ was broadcast over the SeaWorld radio net, calling for a water rescue at G pool. Staff raced to the scene. ‘It was scary,’ Dutch tourist Susanne De Wit, 33, told investigators. ‘He was very wild.’ SeaWorld staff slapped the water surface, signaling Tilikum to leave her. The whale ignored the command. Trainers hurried to drop a weighted net into the water to try and separate Tilikum from Brancheau or herd him through two adjoining pools and into a small medical pool that had a lifting floor. There he could be raised out of the water and controlled.
Eyewitness accounts and the sheriff’s investigative report make it clear that Brancheau fought hard. She was a strong swimmer, a dedicated workout enthusiast who ran marathons. But she weighed just 123 pounds and was no match for a 12,000-pound killer whale. She managed to break free and swim toward the surface, but Tilikum slammed into her. She tried again. This time he grabbed her. Her water shoes came off and floated to the surface. ‘He started pushing her with his nose like she was a toy,’ said Paula Gillespie, one of the visitors at the underwater window. SeaWorld employees urgently ushered guests away.
Tilikum kept dragging Brancheau through the water, shaking her violently. Finally – now holding Brancheau by her arm – he was guided onto the medical lift. The floor was quickly raised. Even now, Tilikum refused to give her up. Trainers were forced to pry his jaws open. When they pulled Brancheau free, part of her arm came off in his mouth. Brancheau’s colleagues carried her to the pool deck and cut her wetsuit away. She had no heartbeat. The paramedics went to work, attaching a defibrillator, but it was obvious she was gone. A sheet was pulled over her body.
Every safety protocol that we have failed,’ SeaWorld director of animal training, Kelly Flaherty Clark, told me a month after the incident, her voice still tight with emotion. ‘That’s why we don’t have our friend anymore, and that’s why we are taking a step back.’
Dawn Brancheau’s death was a tragedy for her family and for SeaWorld, which had never lost a trainer before. Letters of sympathy poured in, many with pictures of Brancheau and the grinning kids she’d spent time with after shows. The incident was a shock to Americans accustomed to thinking of Shamu as a lovable national icon, with an extensive line of plush dolls and a relentlessly cheerful Twitter account. The news media went into full frenzy, chasing Brancheau’s family and flying helicopters over Shamu Stadium. Congress piled on with a call for hearings on marine mammals at entertainment parks, and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) opened an investigation. It was the most intense national killer whale mania since 1996, when Keiko, the star of Free Willy, was rescued from a shabby marine park in Mexico City in an attempt to return him to the sea. Killer whales have never been known to attack a human in the wild, and everyone wanted to know one thing: Why did Dawn Brancheau die?”
I believe that Zimmermann knows the answer to that question. He has dropped several clues along the way, which have not been missed. There’s one just above when he writes, “The incident was a shock to Americans accustomed to thinking of Shamu as a lovable national icon, with an extensive line of plush dolls and a relentlessly cheerful Twitter account. “
You rarely will see the word “cheerful” described as being “relentless” However, I couldn’t have said it better myself. It was one of the biggest, hoodwinking deceptions to ever take place and the whole world believed it.
I believed it. I was brought to tears of joy seeing these magnificent animals do these amazing tricks with these oh so very lucky individuals.
It was “relentlessly cheerful” because those animals were anything but cheerful. It was relentlessly cheerful because management could not let even a flickering thought of the truth enter the public’s mind.
I feel like such a fool that I, animal lover, so much so that I am now a vegan, could be so easily deceived.
From the moment I heard about Brancheau’s death I felt nothing for her. I couldn’t put my finger on it. I almost felt guilty about the frigid attitude I had toward her death. I also knew, even though I couldn’t prove it at the time, I knew that even after killing three people, Tilikum was innocent.
I feel very sorry for Keltie Bryne’s death. She was the first. I believe she was truly innocent because she was not totally aware of the potential danger she was in. She did not go consciously into the water with killer whales. She slipped. And she died a horrible death. The whales were innocent and so was she.
Daniel Dukes was delusional. I don’t believe, as I do with Bryne, that he understood the danger he was putting himself in. With the fallacious facade that SeaWorld had painted of killer whales as over-sized puppies, why would he have been afraid. Tilikum was innocent and so was Dukes.
That is not the case with all of those trainers who came on board long after it was well known what these whales were going through. I feel nothing for those that were almost killed and I now know why I felt, and feel even more viscerally, nothing for Brancheau’s death.
It is wonderful and sweet that Brancheau gave her chocolate labs birthday parties. However, chocolate labs are about as close to orcas as chocolate candy. Brancheau certainly had the requirements of experience, athleticism and a whole lot of flair, but intuition? That she did not possess. Ego is what replaced intuition, if she ever possessed it at all. Common sense might have saved her as well, of which she demonstrated none.
I do not for one minute blame Tilikum for what he did to Dawn Brancheau. I blame Brancheau for what she did to Tilikum.
The best thing she could have done for Tilikum and the rest of the whales that were in captivity, was to speak up for the fact that none of them belonged in tanks and none of them should have been performing tricks for a handful of fish. But that was what made Brancheau a star and she would not give that give that up. Her love for orcas was that they made her famous. I will agree that she probably did not think in these terms regarding her life, consciously. The truth is that she was too caught up in her success and fame to employ any common sense or be able to see clearly what was going on. Or perhaps, she simply ignored it. Either way, she is the guilty
Was Dawn Brancheau completely ignorant of the misery and historically cruel treatment that these orcas had to endure, ignorant to the fact that she was as guilty as Don Goldsberry, if she even knew who he was? If she wasn’t ignorant of the history of the Tilikum, then her crime is even more egregious.
Just as Sea World’s management had been caught up in the billion dollar industry, their common sense and humane dignity, if they had any to begin with, was blinded by profits.
Brancheau was the star of the show, she was the one that should have protected those she worked with from further injury.
She should have spoken up about the injuries that occurred. However, had she done that she would have to admit to herself that no one, not even her, was safe being in a pool with these animals. She would have understood why no one was safe in a pool with these animals. She would have known, certainly should have known, it was because these animals were suffering and miserable.
I have not read any reports about Brancheau being worked over by the whales, but it was a common occurrence, so it probably did happen to her. It may seem far-fetched at first, but Brancheau resembles those that are battered wives. A woman who has been beaten and bloodied so many times, always with an apology afterward, only to be bloodied and beaten again, only worse. Each time it is worse. The number of women, at this minute in an abusive situation that think they are the one that can change their abusive spouse, are in the hundreds of thousands. This is a common human trait. It’s called “denial.” And all of the women that are in denial regarding their abusive relationship are walking into being seriously injured or murdered. The statistics proves this out.
You are not the miracle that is going to change him or her. And if you think you are, your ego is bigger than your brain.
Although, Dawn Brancheau thought she was, she was not the miracle that could change Tilikum. You cannot bring change to something you do not understand.
There is no miracle. There is only the truth, that after three deaths, hundreds of near deaths, suffering of these magnificent animals, paying people to keep their mouths shut and probably paying off huge lawsuits, this entire fiasco is, finally, coming to an end.
Brancheau might have loved Tilikum, but she loved herself more. So much so that she did not understand the history of the industry she was working in. And more disturbing is that she ignored the history of Tilikum. Most egregiously, she thought that Tilikum loved her. She was wrong.
She was a toy to him, a toy that was his meal ticket and nothing more. All the trainers are nothing more to these imprisoned, intelligent beings, than a hated meal ticket, just as prison wardens are hated, but must be placated if, as a prisoner, you want to be fed.
In another story that I read on line it reported, “The stress of captivity also causes Tilikum to exhibit aggression toward humans, which has cost two more lives—those of Daniel P. Dukes in 1999 and Dawn Brancheau in 2010. Tilikum scalped and dismembered Dawn as well as breaking bones throughout her body before drowning her.”
In the same story it states, “Dawn Brancheau was one of SeaWorld’s star performers. She was cautious and always abided by the park’s “safety” guidelines when she was around the orcas. When her death was announced, former and current trainers were astonished that she had been the one killed.”
I find that statement ironic and very telling. They still refuse to understand. Of course, she was the one to be killed. She was the one that made a fool out of Tilikum each and every day she performed with him. The article also shows Tilikum in the holding tank that he was put in for punishment after her death.
As the story reported, “In this aerial view of SeaWorld, you can see how little room the orcas have. Inside the circle is Tilikum, whose nose and tail appear to be able to touch both sides of the tank at the same time.”
“Following Dawn’s tragic death, Tilikum was kept in a tiny enclosure that limited his ability to swim, communicate with other orcas, and interact with humans even further. He was reported to have been floating listlessly in the water for hours at a time, a behavior never seen in wild orcas.”
Even after her death Brancheau continued to torture Tilikum as he lingered in a holding tank for a year in isolation as punishment for killing her.
“After a year in isolation, Tilikum was returned to performing. SeaWorld is appealing its citation for violating a federal workplace safety law meant to protect workers from recognized life-threatening hazards and asking that the government allow humans to swim with orcas despite the risk.”
I will thank Dawn Branchaeu for one thing and one thing only, her death has stopped more killer whales from be incarcerated and living a life of torture. And no more, according to Sea World, will be bred in captivity.
I believe I answered the question as to why Dawn Branchaeu was killed. She did not die. She was intentionally murdered by Tilikum and he had every right to do it.
Before reading the astounding article, “Killer in the Pool,” written by Tim Zimmermann for Outside magazine, I knew that Tilkum was aware of what he was doing when he took the lives of three people. I also knew that he was slowly and disturbingly going out of his mind. I also realized we have reached the point that keeping these animals captive is no longer acceptable on so many levels. It never should have been acceptable, just as slavery should have never been acceptable. But humans can always find a way to justify anything. After reading the article it confirmed that I was right on all counts, as I’m sure so many individuals thought as I did.
You must read Zimmermann’s articles to fully understand why this cruel practice must stop. And it is coming to a halt. The history of this industry, and the personalities of those that started it, will astonish and anger you. If you say you love animals you will break down and cry throughout the article.
If you read nothing more than the last three paragraphs that Zimmermann wrote in the article entitled, “Killer in the Pool,” it will bring everything that has transpired in the last 56 years in the marine park industry into crystal clear focus. Those three paragraphs will bring the whole story of capturing orcas to a crescendo that is as deep in meaning as the ocean’s depth in the Mariana Trench. It will make you weep for Tilikum and all others that have suffered, and are suffering, as he has. Here are the last three paragraphs of Zimmermann’s amazing article:
“Whether or not Tilikum ever performs again, he’s still SeaWorld’s most prolific breeder. He’s sired 13 (21 now), viable calves, with two more on the way this summer. Most likely, he will finish his life as he’s mostly lived it, in a marine park. He’s nearly 30 (now 36), and only one male in captivity, who is still alive, is known to have lived past that age.
Three thousand miles away, Balcomb often sees a pod of killer whales easing their way through the wilderness of water that is his Haro Strait backyard. They swim with purpose and coordination, huffing spumes of mist into the salty, spruce-scented air. The group is known as L Pod, and one, a big male designated L78, was born just a few years after Tilikum. Balcomb has been tracking L78 for more than two decades. He knows that his mother – born around 1960 – and his brother are always close by. He knows that L78 ranges as far south as California with his pod, in search of salmon.
Milan Boers | CC by 2.0 Tilikum has a collapsed dorsal fin, a sign of an unhealthy and stressed orca. Many orcas in captivity (but few in the wild) have collapsed fins.
L78’s dorsal fin stands proud and straight as a knife, with none of Tilikum’s marine-park flop. He hunts when he’s hungry, mates with the females who offer themselves, and whistles to the extended family that is always nearby. He cares nothing for humans and is all but oblivious to their presence when they paddle out in kayaks to marvel as he swims. He knows nothing of the life of Tilikum or the artificial world humans have manufactured for him. But Tilikum, before 26,(now 34), years in marine parks, once knew L78’s life, once knew what it was like to swim the ocean alongside his mother and family. And perhaps, just perhaps, that also helps explain why Dawn Brancheau died.”
I cannot keep from crying every time I read those beautifully crafted last three paragraphs. I think Tim Zimmermann and I are on the same page, a page that ends one of the saddest true stories ever to told.
After reading Zimmermann’s article, written in 2010, I had to find out where Tilikum is now. Zimmermann has been dreading the day that he would write about the death of this majestic icon that has lived such a tortured life. He is still at Sea World, but he is dying. I can’t stop crying every time I realize that he is dying.
In Zimmermann’s most recent article “Tilikum, Sea World’s Killer Orca, is Dying,” he states, “His health is deteriorating due to a drug-resistant bacterial lung infection.”
It is especially sad to see an animal that has suffered all his life pass away, never again to go back to his home and his family. But Tilikum will not be forgotten, nor the lives that he took in his unending loneliness and unrest.
The harsh reality is that it was not him that took those lives. It was the greed and exploitation of a wild animal’s life by those that knew what was happening and refused to admit it.
It was the hubris of humans that took Tilikum’s life and the lives of all orcas that have been forced to live in captivity.
Like so many others, I paid the admission to see him and other animals like him. However, the last time I went to a marine park I was in the Bahamas at the Atlantis theme park. It was about 10 years ago. It was the second time that I “swam with the dolphins.” The trainer told us that these dolphins were actually swept out to sea by a hurricane and had to be rounded up and brought back. As he introduced the dolphins he told us that one of the females was a bit moody, which made me a bit uneasy.
We were given hand held propellers that would propel us down and around under water. I’m a pretty good swimmer and I asked if I could go without the propeller. The trainer said that would be fine. As I was swimming under water I felt my hand hit something hard and sharp behind me and over my head as I swam. When I turned around I could see it that I hit the tooth of a dolphin, whose mouth was agape as wide as she could open it and she was right above me. I say “she” because I was pretty sure it was the “moody” female.
I wasn’t frightened, but it was troubling. I wasn’t sure what to do. I thought maybe she thought I was one of the trainers that didn’t use the propellers and maybe she thought I was going to throw her fish. Ultimately, I decided to tell the trainer. I just didn’t want to see anyone get hurt.
At the end of the show they brought into the enclosure what is known as a wholphin or wolphin. A wholphin is an extremely rare hybrid born by mating a female bottle nose dolphin with a false killer whale. A false killer whale shares the same characteristics as a killer whale, but does not belong to the same genus. The theme park said that the mating was not planned, but who knows.
This was a female and she was not as big as a killer whale, but about twice the size of a dolphin. We were to lie on our stomachs on a paddle board with our legs straight and off the back of the paddle board with our toes pointed. The wholphin was to come behind us and push us through the water by placing her nose in the underside arches of our feet.
Having been around horses all my life, I understood the power of a large animal and I knew that I was putting myself in a vulnerable position. I wasn’t going to back out because I wanted to experience something that not everyone has the chance to experience. But I also knew I would feel better after it was over. The thought of Tilikum consciously killing three people did cross my mind. I thought about the possibility of that day being the day that the wholphin was in a bad mood and of her opening her mouth and chomping down on my legs.
The wholphin did what she was trained to do. I felt her come in contact with my feet and when she accelerated, I realized that I really did not understand just how powerful these animals are. As I was heading toward the people that were against the wall of the pool waiting their turn, she pushed me farther than she should of and I smashed into a few people. No one was hurt, but I was really was glad it was over.
All in all, it was not a good experience. I loved being with the animals, but I realized that these were highly intelligent wild animals that could consciously kill you. I realized that they had every right to do that. This was not what they were meant to do. If I my legs were injured that day, I would not have blamed it on the wholphin.
That was it for me. It was the second and the last time I would ever do that. It just felt wrong. I remembered Dawn Brancheau’s death and the two before her. After riding show jumpers for ten years and galloping race horses for 15 years, I’m not exactly faint of heart, but I knew that whole situation was ripe for someone else getting hurt. I also felt that there was a good chance that people had already been hurt and were probably paid a lot of money not to say anything. I now have proof of that, and I now know that very few people knew about the first two deaths associated with Tilikum. I remember hearing about the second death and with that news I learned about the first. However, at that time I didn’t really know that much about killer whales in captivity. I was in awe of how they performed and how beautiful they are. When after three deaths associated with Tilikum and there was no mention of euthanizing him, I was beginning to understand that it was not his fault, which pushed me to learn the truth.
I also knew that no matter what the conditions of the three deaths were, Tilikum was much too valuable to euthanize. Of course he is. He has sired 21 calves, of which 10 are still alive. The money that the park makes, minus the cost of having to catch or purchase one and train a wild orca, is substantial. I am still researching to find where the ten offspring of Tilikum are. I found out through Wikipedia that, Kohana, one of Tilikum’s daughters was born at Sea World, San Diego in on May 3, 2002. She was conceived by artificial insemination. Her mother is Takara. On April 25, 2004, Kahana, and her mother, were moved to Sea World, Orlando. On February 13, 2006, Kahana was moved, with three other orcas, to Loro Parque in Spain. Evidently, SeaWorld still owns Kahana.
This is the very scenario, cruelly separating family members, that causes these highly family oriented intelligent animals to suffer mentally, go insane and kill people.
Even if they no longer have trainers working in the water with them for safety reasons, what about what it is doing to the whales being held captive? Even if they are born in captivity, it is still wrong. It confuses them. Instinctively, they feel something is wrong.
At least 150 orcas have been taken into captivity from the wild since 1961 (including Pascuala and Morgan).
In the wild, male orcas live to an average of 30 years (maximum 50-60 years) and 46 years for females (maximum 80-90 years).
SeaWorld holds 23 orcas in its three parks in the United States and owns (at least) a further four at Loro Parque in Spain (ownership of Adan and Morgan not verified). At least forty-five orcas have died at SeaWorld.
One of the most infamous capture incidents saw over 80 whales from the Southern Resident population of orcas in Washington State rounded-up at Penn Cove in 1970. Seven were taken into captivity while as many as five whales died. Today this population is recognised as endangered. Only one captured whale, Lolita, is still alive, held at Miami Seaquarium.
The longest surviving orca in captivity is Corky, captured in 1969 from the Northern Resident population that inhabits the waters around Vancouver Island, Canada. She is held at SeaWorld in San Diego. None of her seven offspring in captivity have survived. Her family (known as the A5 pod) continue to thrive in the wild, including Corky’s brother, Fife, who you can adopt to help support our work.
Unfortunately, after all we know, the lives that have and are still suffering and the lives that have been lost, there are those that still do not understand. Or they understand, but just don’t care.
Case in point: Shockingly, Eric Bolling, a popular Fox News Channel host, ended his show a few weeks ago, by saying that it was a sad day in America when meddling animal rights groups can cause an American tradition like Sea World to end their killer whale shows and halt their breeding program. He also said and, “So they do a few tricks and they get a handful of fish. How terrible can it be?”
Wow. There’s a line from the movie Shawshank Redemption, where Tim Robins’ character, the wrongfully imprisoned inmate, says to the evil warden, “How can you be so obtuse?”
Bolling is also on the Fox Business Network and is a financial analyst. You would think he would know that it is not meddling animal rights activists that caused this cruel and unusual punishment of these majestic animals to end. It is the market that caused this. Tragically, Sea World would have been happy to keep doing business as usual, as they did after the first death and the second death associated with Tilikum. It was after Dawn Brancheau was killed and the movie Blackfish was made, that the world found out everything, and people stopped paying to see what SeaWorld was selling. Their revenue dropped 84%.
I recently saw the SeaWorld commercial on television announcing that they are putting an end to their orca breeding program. It is touching and I will admit that when I saw the family of whales, all of which, or most of which, had been born in captivity, I was saddened that something that looked so beautiful and made me, and millions of people, overjoyed at just the sight of them, would not be there in the future.
Marine parks will survive and they have done, and will continue to do good for aquatic animals. However, they were forced to change what much of their entire revenue was built on.
That is the right thing to do. But don’t think for a minute that management had an epiphany. What they had, was no choice.
I also want to mention that riding horses as I did, showing show jumpers and exercising race horses, I have had some pretty severe injuries. I’ve broken several bones, had a pretty bad concussion and have a little scar on my back where the sweetest filly in the world reached around and nipped me as I tightened her girth and I’ve hit the ground hundreds of times. You might say, “This is just part of riding horses. If you ride horses you are bond to get injured.” Yes, that’s true.
However, if you are trying to compare working with and training horses with working with and training killer whales, there is no comparison.
Almost all injuries that occur with horses are operator errors, meaning that when you fall off, it’s usually the riders’ fault. Not all the time. sometimes accidents happen and you can get seriously hurt. But I know of no time when a horse consciously tried to kill a person. They are domesticated animals, which are not even close to what a wild animal is. Even bucking broncos don’t try to kill the cowboy. They are just doing what they are trained to do, with the help of a cinch that is pulled tight around their flanks. (I don’t like rodeos. In fact I hate them.) I’m sure many of bucking broncos are gentle as lambs if they’re not in the arena. Now, bulls are different. But that’s another story.
So, if you ride horses, you do so at your own risk and lots of people do it every day, all their lives and they’re just fine. We fall off and we get back on.
If you get in a tank with a killer whale, you are an idiot or suicidal or have an ego that’s the size of Texas. All of which will get you killed.
Stay tuned for my new book, Vigil the Hound, a true story of a fox hound that does not want to hunt foxes.
The Falling Platform does shake if Maryo touched it and will fall to the Ground after a short amount of time.
The Level Editor now displays the Massivetype with a different Color and has a Help Screen viewable with F1.
Duncan Wright is leaving the Warehouse 23 staff, moving onward and upward. He will be missed, and he leaves behind him an immediate opening in our Austin warehouse. This is a full-time, entry-level position. Among other duties, the Warehouse 23 clerk is responsible for picking and shipping orders, customer service, and maintaining our website . . . read article
The darkness lurks, waiting, under the sea. It hides in riverbeds and lakes, judging its victims . . . read article
The following items were received into the warehouse, and have been shipped off to various distributors. Your friendly local game store should be seeing them any day now! Munchkin 7 - More Good Cards You Asked for It! . . . read article
Just before taking off for Essen, I spent a half-day at the Maker Faire in Austin. It was fun; I'll go again next year . . . read article
As announced earlier this week, and can be seen here, Munchkin Quest has arrived both in our warehouse and in Warehouse 23. As terrifying and painful as the process was at times -- and believe me, it was painful -- the end result is very fulfilling . . . read article
This year, Pyramid turned 15 years old. When it started in 1993, Pyramid was a bimonthly print magazine . . . read article
We've sold out of our first shipment of Munchkin Quest. All 15,000 copies have arrived, been counted, and were shipped right back out to distributors and retailers . . . read article
Have we mentioned that we'll be at BoardGameGeekCon this month? Seems like we have, but the mists of time occlude my vision. (Yes, you mentioned it back in May . . . read article
Nothing to do with the California gold rush of 1849, but GURPS Thaumatology: Age of Gold does sparkle. Written by the author of GURPS Thaumatology (now shipping!), Age of Gold is a campaign setting filled with pulp alchemists, cowled crime fighters, and two-fisted men of adventure, with strange magics and their wielders roaming the shadows . . . read article
Munchkin Quest has rooms, and doors, and monsters, and gold, and all kind of STUFF. We created it as a game, but we realize now it's a high-quality Dungeon Crawl Kit . . . read article
If you've ever wondered "just who are all these people, anyway?" then we've got a treat for you. Our brand-new Staff Profiles page gives you a peek into the personal tastes and backgrounds of those fine folks who put together the games you enjoy . . . read article
We are closing in on a final schedule for 2009, and Ogre 6th Edition is not on it. This makes me very unhappy, but I agree with the decision . . . read article
A semi-common question from those who have seen Chibithulhu has been "Where did you get those?" The surprising answer: Our orchard, seen here. The green Chibithulhu crop was great, and the fruits are available through friendly local game stores everywhere . . . read article
Last week, the digital shelves of e23 saw not one, but two giant-sized releases. First, Fantasy Set 8 - Giants from the Cardboard Heroes series features . . . you guessed it: giants! 15 towering humanoids to fee your foe fum, if you will . . . read article
Want an early Christmas present? We're auctioning off our proof copy of the Christmas Chibithulhu . . . read article
Yep, we've joined the 21st century and opened a Twitter account. You can see the feed on our front page, right between the Warehouse 23 news and the search box . . . read article
This week was what we in the industry call "the street date" for Munchkin Quest. That's the day when, if everything goes right, all retailers should have the game on their shelves . . . read article
As foretold by our Daily Illuminator announcement from November 7, the old version of Pyramid has closed its doors. Although it was a decision mandated by fiscal reality, it was no less difficult to say good-bye to the decade-old format . . . read article
By the time you read this, we'll be hip deep in the Mecca of boardgaming -- BoardGameGeekCon, organized by the founders of BoardGameGeek.com. We'll be rolling dice and moving meeples with the hardest of the hardcore gamers . . . read article
Ever played one of those games where you try to out-Google each other, coming up with a word combination that appears most often in a search engine? . . . read article
Of the games that we've sold out of in the last few years, SPANC has to be one of the most requested reprints. And since we love Phil Foglio's catgirls as much as the next guy . . . . . read article
Beneath the trees, where nobody sees, they'll hide and seek as long as they please. Today? . . . read article
In the finest of retail traditions, Warehouse 23 is discounting everything in the store by 10% for Black Friday – and the whole weekend! That’s right, between now and 9am (CST) on December 1, 2008, everything in Warehouse 23 has been marked down! . . . read article
Last weekend was BoardGameGeekCon, and we got back to Austin late Sunday night. I can safely say I've never been to an event like it before, but I'm looking forward to doing it again, next year . . . read article
The Vorkosigan Saga Sourcebook and Roleplaying Game, several years in the making, has been the focus of a lot of work over the past few weeks as we work on the final stages of layout. In fact, we're so close to done that the bibliography is now online . . . read article
The Christmas Chibithulhus are on their way, and should hit Warehouse 23 next week . . . read article
Using the absolutely free, simple-to-use Canary app in your good unit (out there in iOS and Android) offers you a large range of security features from the palm of your hand. You can obtain video clip clip notifications on your mobile phone when motion is detected, and personalize them so You simply obtain the alerts you desire, when you want them.
Patrick Campanale @pcamp96 With a really like of phones, drones, and pcs (couldn’t make that past 1 rhyme), I’m constantly on the lookout for the best offers close to! In case you’ve obtained a suggestion to an brilliant offer, go ahead and drop me a line at patrick@9to5mac.com!
I would want to obtain emails from Silicon Labs and I have study and comply with the data utilization policy.
The Canary may be the eyes and ears of your private home if you find yourself absent. It could stream true-time movie with a 1080p HD camera, 147° broad-angle lens, night vision, and large-excellent audio. And with prompt online video alerts despatched straight to your iOS or Android machine, you'll respond to incidents in advance of they develop into prospective emergencies.
Then have a peek at these guys the Canary Flex gives you the flexibility to position the digicam indoors or outside which will operate wire-absolutely free or plugged in.
You could opt to keep the Flex plugged in, or by using a crafted-in extended-existence rechargeable battery you may go wire-free to allow for higher placement alternatives. A 360° magnetic swivel base allows for precise positioning. HD High quality Camera
Sorry, we just ought to be sure you're not a robot. For best effects, make sure you be sure your browser is accepting cookies.
All Canary devices seamlessly integrate in the Canary application. Within or out, upstairs or downstairs, Canary causes it to be simple to be everywhere you go without delay.
Can’t make up your mind? Consider seven of our best sellers using a hand-picked variety of VeganSmart® varieties. This Range Pack characteristics seven single serving packets of our prospects’ favorites.
See anywhere, be almost everywhere: Within the entrance door for the yard, the youngsters’ place to your kitchen area, Canary protection cameras causes it to be effortless to look at in excess of wherever you select and almost everything that matters.
You could find absolutely anything in this article to accessorize your smartphone from electric power banking institutions and cords to keep it billed to Bluetooth speakers that should sync appropriate up. Searching for a new Lightning cable? Below are a few on the best-promoting solutions above at Amazon.
well I desire I could tell you that this had any relation to how Canaries actually act but it does not and I just designed this entirely randomly over a thought that manufactured me snicker somewhat, I’m incredibly sorry to disappoint you
Amazon - the best specials on absolutely anything from Bluetooth speakers and headphones, to kitchen appliances, groceries, pet supplies and basically every little thing in between
It's lonely in HR. Never fear! Benetech's team of seasoned experts provides the wisdom, technology insights, and healthcare regulatory updates that keep under-staffed and over-tasked HR departments informed, in compliance, and running lean!
According to Gallup Poll research, 1 in 6 full or part-time working Americans also serve as a caregiver for a loved one. In most cases caregivers are unpaid, looking after an ailing parent or grandparent. For employers, this can have a significant impact on absenteeism and workforce productivity. A caregiver misses on average 6.6 days or work annually. The annual cost of caregiver absenteeism amounts to more than $25 million. As the baby boomer generation continues to age, even dedicated home care organizations are struggling to keep up with the demand. One local Albany home care provider shared that his growth problem has little to do with demand and everything to do with unavailable talent in the workforce. Nursing home or assisted living centers are cost-prohibitive, leaving families with little option but to take ailing and aging family members into their homes.
Selecting the best health plan is no longer about picking the lowest copays and deductible. Sure that is the hope, but those added benefits come with a cost. Depending on your utilization, buying up to a richer plan may give some added peace of mind and cash-flow stability, but ultimately cost more than a plan with a higher deductible, lower premium, and more out-of-pocket expense. When it comes to selecting the best health plan for you and your family, meaning the plan that provides the greatest personal value at the lowest cost and risk, it helps to first quantify your liabilities. Here are six steps to help you assess you and your family's health expense liability and make an informed decision when selecting health coverage.
Whether the goal is lowering medical claims, reducing absenteeism, or increasing employee morale, participation will always drive a successful wellness program.
Chronic health conditions in the workforce have increased 25% in the last decade. With 86% of the nation’s health care costs going to treatment of chronic conditions (diabetes, cancer, COPD), that’s an expensive figure for employers. Increased chronic health conditions may have a more immediate cost impact to self-insured employers, but everyone is subject to the increased absenteeism, employee fatigue, and productivity loss associated with poor health. Improving workforce health is only accomplished through smarter decisions at the employee level. Here are 3 ways employers can combat chronic conditions by helping employees to make smarter personal health choices.
We've outlined the 3 most common mistakes employers make when offering benefits in a quick ebook. Get your copy free when you subscribe to our blog.
Who doesn’t want to reduce their healthcare costs? With forecasted 2016 premium hikes across the country ranging from 7%-40%, employers are scrambling for opportunities to avoid, or at best delay, the tidal wave of rising healthcare costs. Some HMOs and health insurance companies have recently been encouraging employers in the 51-100 employee range to renew their coverage early (i.e., in late 2015). That would allow these employers to forestall their ACA-required re-classification as a “small group” by up to 11 months, delaying their move to small group, community rated products -- which are generally not as customizable as, and more expensive than, plans available to 100+ life groups. Before opportunistic employers go changing their coverage’s plan year, there are a few legal concerns to consider.
On August 6, the IRS released yet another draft of forms 1095-C and 1094-C to help Applicable Large Employers prepare for the first year of mandatory reporting. For the most part, since the last update in June, there are few changes to report. Specifically, the updated instructions note:
Driven by the convergence of ever-improving technology, healthcare cost drivers, consumer preference and provider/patient convenience, telemedicine is booming business. Some readers of this post may have been early adopters. Others may be wondering…Exactly what is telemedicine? How does it work? What are the opportunities for -- and the obstacles to – adoption for our employee benefit program?
Driven by the convergence of ever-improving technology, healthcare cost drivers, consumer preference and provider/patient convenience, telemedicine is a booming business. Some readers of this post may have been early adopters. Others may be wondering…Exactly what is it? How does it work? What are the opportunities for -- and the obstacles to – adoption for our employee benefit program?
The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals is Charles Darwin’s third major work of evolutionary theory, following On
The Voyage of the Beagle is the title most commonly given to the book written by Charles Darwin and published
On the Origin of Species, published on 24 November 1859, is a work of scientific literature by Charles Darwin which
Ford has named the Prize Winners in its Innovate Mobility Challenge series, a key part of Ford Smart Mobility – the first widespread implementation of the company’s long-term plan for sustainable mobility solutions. The series is comprised of 11 global challenges in which Ford invited developers to come up with innovative solutions to mobility problems around the world. Challenges included delivering healthcare solutions in Tamil Nadu, providing real-time information to improve transportation during Monsoons in Mumbai, decrease time taken to get help after a traumatic incident in Delhi, busting traffic congestion in some of China’s most densely populated cities, and improving the delivery of goods and services in Portugal. Winners from around the world were showcased during Ford President and CEO Mark Fields’ 2015 International CES keynote address, which outlined the company’s far-reaching plans in mobility, connectivity and autonomy to create a better world for millions of drivers all over the globe. Global solutions to local challenges For each challenge, Ford worked with local experts to address the unique mobility needs of that location. Once the submissions came in, a panel of local experts and Ford executives involved in mobility solutions judged each competition. Here are the winners of the India-specific challenges: Mumbai: With an often-crippling monsoon season that can leave commuters stranded, the Monsoon App Downpour challenge focused on leveraging vehicles and…
Ford’s Blueprint for Mobility goes beyond addressing congestion on the roads. It is also about improving the accessibility of remote locations to cater to basic human needs. We, along with our partners, re-imagined healthcare service delivery in remote, rural areas of India through Project SUMURR.
Archives Select Month June 2016 December 2015 September 2015 May 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 October 2014
Ford Digital Snippets is where you’ll find the latest news, stories and updates about our award-winning cars, as well as more about Ford as a company.
Automotive deloitte’s automotive practice is at the forefront of top trends and issues facing the industry our industry professionals can help you navigate through complex issues and challenges impacting your companies and the rapidly evolving automotive industry. What is sales promotion sales promotion is a type of pull marketing technique if you have a product which is new in the market or which is not receiving a lot of attention, then you can promote this product to customers via sales promotionsyou can use various techniques like giving discounts on the product, offering 1 + 1 free schemes, etc etc. Marketing strategies of indian automobile companies: a case study of maruti suzuki india limited changed not just india‘s automobile industry but the industrial sales grew for the period mar 04 to mar 08 the industrial sales of maruti suzuki in. Revive your efforts with proven car sales marketing ideas the auto industry is diving headfirst into a new age of marketing digital technology is changing how used car dealers connect with buyers at every step.
Univariate analysis on sales promotion techniques and cibb the nature of the different sales promotional techniques was d escribed with univariate analysis and the results are demonstrated in table 2. These techniques are discounts and deals, increasing industry visibility, price– based consumer sales promotion and attention– getting consumer sales promotion this paper will summarize these four key techniques and give real life examples of each technique that marketing firm direct at both trade and consumers. Toyota’s marketing budget has been consistently increasing after the global economic and financial crisis of 2007 – 2009 in line with overall tendency in automobile industry toyota marketing strategy succeeds in closely associating the brand with the best practices of japanese ways of doing. Statistics & facts on the global automotive industry global sales of passenger cars are forecast to hit 786 million vehicles in 2017 along with china, the united states is counted among the.
Choice of right sales promotion strategies has become important today you can never get success in the market until you do not understand your audience and still if you do not put the sales promotion strategy, you can’t get success in the market. [2] roddy mullin (2010) power of sales promotion and digital marketing (vol 1) no 229 with relation to automobile industry [3] mitch carson (2011) behaviour of silent salesman and product promotion, 1 st edition no 179. Automotive sales operation forecast understand the impact of the latest actuals on your full year sales performance as market growth flattens forecasts and analysis vehicle forecasting. Automotive industry analysis 2018 - cost & trends the automotive aftermarket, as opposed to the sales of new cars, performed extremely well during that economic downturn - and is continuing to do so today auto industry overview the automotive industry is a huge, diverse set of manufacturing and service businesses that bring cars and. The automotive industry is a complex system mma is well-versed in building models to capture these complexities and help automotive companies better understand the impact of marketing on all levels of their business.
More in industry analysis 2018 february sales insights february sales fell by 24% from a year ago, an anticipated drop as the market cools from record sales levels posted the last few years. Market, industry, and company, research the market, industry, and company research process includes the systematic identification, collection, analysis and distribution of information for the purpose of knowledge development and sales and marketing decision making. In the automobile industry, the volume of automobile produc- new technologies, techniques and sales promotion” in expand-ing markets and expandable ﬁelds, as well as in “strengthening report and analysis of business performance and financial condition.
Toyota’s marketing mix (4ps) determines the company’s strategies for its product mix, place or distribution, marketing communications or promotional mix, and pricingits current global success partly indicates toyota’s effectiveness in implementing its marketing mix toyota’s products (product mix. Marketing is of the utmost importance to a car dealership if a dealership is able to market themselves adequately, they will have a plethora of people in their showroom at any given time however, if a dealership fails to utilize all of their marketing avenues appropriately, they will find. Promotional analysis using past time series data than we decide which types of promotions in retail require promotional analysis used to help the retailers to understand the impact of past. Marketing - sales promotion: while advertising presents a reason to buy a product, sales promotion offers a short-term incentive to purchase sales promotions often attract brand switchers (those who are not loyal to a specific brand) who are looking primarily for low price and good value thus, especially in markets where brands are highly similar, sales promotions can cause a short-term.
Cta marketing refers to methods of converting web traffic into leads or sales on websites using text, graphics, or other elements of web design conversion strategies help improve the percentage of online visitors who become customers or who join the mailing list.
Analysis on sales promotion techniques of automobile industry assignment porter’s industry analysis us automobile industry the us automobile industry is an ever changing industry since the early days of ford’s revolutionary assembly line technique to current green technology and everything in between.
The automotive industry has staked a strong claim on innovative marketing tactics--and the proof is in the sales high consideration purchases like a vehicle often require different strategies than smaller, one-off purchases, but the trends seen in automotive are starting to turn up in other industries.
Digital marketing perhaps there’s a perception out there that manufacturing is a fairly boring subject matter but so long you’re a little creative, you can create interest and excitement no matter what industry you’re in. Autobei consulting group is having key expertise in indian auto analysis, forecast, entry strategy and market intelligence sales and production data forecast read more winning the indian car market battle auto industry database india over 9,00,000 automotive database read more. The objective of the study was to examine if the tool of sales promotion in banking industry is determined by the target market survey research design was adopted primary source of data was collected using a self-developed promotions it as a range of marketing techniques designed within a strategic marketing framework to add extra.
4 of the BrainGoodGames are at their deepest discounts ever this week! Great time to buy the BrainGoodGames Bundle. 🙂
Author Posted on October 16, 2017 Categories BrainGoodGames, TumblrTags boardgames, games, Linux, mac, pc, Steam, steamsale, strategyLeave a comment on Huge BrainGoodGames Sale!
Author Posted on September 25, 2017 Categories BrainGoodGames, TumblrTags aliens, bugfixes, cardgame, features, gamedev, Patch, puzzle, Sale, settlers, solar, spacecards, spacecats, steamsale, strategy, UpdateLeave a comment on Solar Settlers Patch 1.04 “The Therlunai” is Here! (15% Off!)
Author Posted on September 20, 2017 Categories BrainGoodGames, TumblrLeave a comment on Your Humble Developer is On the Board
On the suggestion of Kernas on the BrainGoodGames discord I’ve been playing a fan-made pokemon adaptation called Pokemon Reborn Hardcore.
Long story short, it’s awesome. The most significant change is that there is a hard level cap on your pokemon (even ones that you have caught yourself) based on the gym badges you have. So before you beat the first gym, the max pokemon level you can have is 20, and the gym leader has a team of 6 level 20 pokemon. This is actually sort of roughly analogous to how my brother and I used to play the pokemon games, with the self-made restriction that each pokemon in your party had to be within one level of every other pokemon.
This means you really have to consider type advantages, train up appropriate guys, and not just brute force the whole game with one pokemon. I’m having a blast so far. Turns out pokemon with a couple important rules tweaks is actually super sweet (and it was pretty sweet before).
Author Posted on September 14, 2017 Categories BrainGoodGames, TumblrLeave a comment on Minos Strategos iOS v1.06 is now LIVE
Whether you’ve played Minos on Steam, played Militia on iOS or Android or are totally new to BrainGoodGames, I hope you give Minos on mobile a try! You just might like it (Sam-I-Am)
Author Posted on September 1, 2017 Categories BrainGoodGames, TumblrTags android, appstore, game development, gamedev, googleplay, hyyyyype, indiedev, ios, launch, minos, mobile, puzzle, strategos, strategy2 Comments on Minos is Available on iOS and Android!
Gold held on to a small loss from the previous session on Monday, amid expectations of a U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate hike in September and fears of escalating trade tensions between the United States and China. U.S. jobs growth accelerated in August, with wages notching their largest annual increase in nine years, strengthening views the economy was so far weathering the Trump administration’s escalating trade war with China. The stronger-than-expected payrolls data cemented expectations that the U.S. Fed will raise interest rates in September, in what would be its third hike this year. The Federal Reserve should keep raising U.S. interest rates until mid-2019, and only then needs to take a decision on when it ought to stop, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan suggested on Friday. U.S. President Donald Trump warned on Friday he was ready to slap tariffs on virtually all Chinese imports into the United States, threatening duties on another $267 billion of goods on top of $200 billion in imports primed for levies in coming days. Central banks will be in focus with the European Central Bank and Bank of England both meeting this week. The ECB is expected to signal it is ready to start tapering bond purchases, but President Draghi is likely to sound cautious after a run of mediocre to softening euro zone data. Hedge funds and money managers increased their bearish stances in COMEX gold and silver contracts to the biggest on record in the holiday-shortened week to Sept. 4, U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) data showed on Friday
London copper was trading steady on Monday morning after it registered its second weekly loss as an intensifying trade war between the United States and top metals consumer China raised concerns over demand. For the week, LME and Shanghai copper are down 1.7 percent. U.S. President Donald Trump has said he is prepared to quickly ramp up the trade war with China and has told aides he is ready to impose fresh tariffs on $200 billion worth of Chinese imports as soon as a public comment period on the plan ends. China will be forced to retaliate if the United States implements any new tariff measures, China’s commerce ministry warned on Thursday. Road access to MMG Ltd’s Las Bambas copper mine in Peru, which was blocked by protesters last week, has been restored and company logistics are operating normally, the company said late on Wednesday. European customers will avoid deals with Russia’s United Company Rusal, under U.S. sanctions, when the industry meets in Berlin next week to seal 2019 metal supply agreements, three sources familiar with the discussions said. On-warrant stocks of copper available to the market in LMEregistered warehouses rose by 850 tonnes to 147,450 tonnes but are still down from more than 234,000 tonnes in mid-August, signalling a tighter market. Stockpiles in Shanghai Futures Exchange (ShFE) warehouses have fallen to 136,051 tonnes from more than 300,000 tonnes in April.
Oil prices rose on Monday as US drilling for new production stalled and as the market eyed tighter conditions once Washington’s sanctions against Iran’s crude exports kick in from November. US energy companies cut two oil rigs last week, bringing the total count to 860, energy services firm Baker Hughes said on Friday. The US rig count has stagnated since May, after staging a recovery since 2016, which followed a steep slump the previous year amid plummeting crude prices. Outside the United States, new US sanctions against Iran’s crude exports from November were helping push up prices. Several major Iran customers like India, Japan and South Korea were already cutting back on Iran crude. While Washington exerts pressure on other countries to fall into line and also cut imports from Iran, it is also urging other major producers to raise their output in order not to create too strong a price spike. US Energy Secretary Rick Perry will meet counterparts from Saudi Arabia and Russia on Monday and Thursday, respectively, as the Trump administration seeks the world’s biggest exporter and producer to keep output up. One key question going forward is how demand develops amid the trade dispute between the United States and China, as well as general emerging market weakness.
MCX Tips, Stock Market Live, Financial Advisory Company in Indore, Stock Advisory Company in Indore , Intraday stock Tips , Financial Advisory company , Sebi Registered Advisory company , Capitalstars Video Gallery
Investment & trading in securities market is always subjected to market risks, past performance is not a guarantee of future performance.
The vacant Miller Valley Elementary School property is about to undergo the initial throes of a complete transformation.
Now in the hands of a for-profit real estate investment, development and management company, the 6.7-acre parcel will no longer solely serve as a nurturing environment for children hungry to learn. Rather, it will exist to make money through goods and services.
After a yearlong negotiation, the Prescott Unified School District (PUSD) successfully sold the property, located at the intersection of Iron Springs and Willow Creek roads in Prescott, to Ironline Partners for $3.8 million.
There’s no question why Ironline, a company based in Phoenix, found the property attractive and decided to buy it. Its location is highly visible; it’s in close proximity to valuable assets in the community, such as Yavapai Regional Medical Center West, Prescott High School, and several major shopping centers; and it occupies a corner of the busiest intersection in the Prescott area.
“That intersection, according to the recent traffic studies from the City of Prescott, is now the No. 1 traffic intersection in the whole trade area,” said Donald Teel of Commercial Properties Northern Arizona, which brokered the deal between PUSD and Ironline. “It’s almost 70,000 vehicles a day going through there.”
With that in mind, Ironline is planning a major demolition of the school so it can start a fresh development that will cater to that already flush consumer pool.
“We expect to remove most of the improvements on site relatively soon,” said Tim O’Neil, president of Ironline Partners.
“Special consideration will be given to environmentally sensitive materials, historic elements and mature trees,” O’Neil said. “There’s lots of stuff we’d like to use in some capacity.”
What needs to be done before specifics can be determined is an environmental cleanup, he said. This will help determine what is safe to salvage and what is better sending to the dump.
“The major concern is asbestos,” O’Neil said. “It’s all very manageable, it just takes some surgical work to get it all remediated correctly.”
What stays is also dependent on the determined use for the property, which O’Neil said is still being discussed as well.
“We believe there is demand in this submarket for neighborhood retail, boutique office and professional services, and multi-family residential,” O’Neil said. “We still have a ton of outreach to do before that’s decided. If you asked me ‘what’s your best guess,’ I’d say there’d be primarily retail on the frontage with some lower to medium density residential in the back.”
Their hope is to break ground on infrastructure and perhaps even have vertical development started by the end of 2018.
Though it will require a considerable amount of construction work, O’Neil does not foresee the development disrupting the flow of traffic on the surrounding roads.
“We believe on that property, there’s enough open space that we can stage the work very intelligently with very little impact on that core intersection,” he said.
The Daily Courier previously reported that the former Hastings property across the street is slated to become a Circle K market; however, its building too is slated to be demolished.
Directed by Anthony D Souza, the movie has all the ingredients of a commercial potboiler. The film has an interesting supporting cast that includes actors like Danny, Mithun Chakraborthy and TV star Ronit Roy. Adding Oomph to ensemble is that Aditi Rao Hydri has gone for a complete transformation in the film. The actress will be seen as a sizzling bikini bombshell. Industry insiders have already started calling the movie a sure shot blockbuster, because of the ultimate combination of action, comedy, and music that the movie promises with the trailer. 'Boss' is scheduled to release on 16th October 2013.
We're working to respond in your language, but we're currently best able to answer in English. We apologize for this inconvenience.
We require more information in order to process your request. Please provide additional details clarifying the reason for your reinstatement request.
we will forward the counter notification to the complainant. If we do not receive notice that the complainant has brought a court action within 10 to 14 days, we will reinstate the material in question.
So, I shall see if blending in Optifast, will help me reach my short term goal, then look at modifying what I do for long term weight maintenance. One of the best products of the year is called Burn TS. All food cravings were taken away. However, it does not cover all areas even in the states mentioned above, so you better use the zip code checker to see if it can deliver to you. White was not one of them. Freshly provides you with all the info you may need to know exactly what you are eating.
Similarly, the first two offer local, real-life interactions in the form of Weight Watcher meetings or Jenny Craig centers. This might be important if you prefer face-to-face interactions instead of online-only discussions. Review how each diet plan treats your post-diet lifestyle. Both Jenny Craig and Weight Watchers focus on behavior re-education, practical meal planning and proper eating skills, according to the Colorado State University Extension.
Video of the Day. Price of Nutrisystem Food Vs. How to Stop Nutrisystem. It offers you the convenience of ordering the diet plans online just sitting at home. You will have the meals delivered to your doorstep soon so that you can kick start your diet routine immediately. Jenny Craig offers its services both online, as well as in its dietary centres located in some of the places in the US. Contract Nutrisystem does not require any contract from you. So, you can quit its services anytime you like.
It also allows you to purchase just one meal per order. Jenny Craig wants commitment from you in the form of contract on how long you are going to use its services. So, you have to stick to the program throughout the period though you wish to quit it at a point of time.
Diet Plans Nutrisystem provides different diet plans for men, women, vegetarians, diabetic patients, senior citizens, and others believing that different individuals have different diet requirements. So, you can choose diet plans as per your requirements. Diet plans at Nutrisystem are customizable.
Jenny Craig provides different plans for men and women, as well as according to your age group. However, it does not offer any vegetarian or diabetic diet plans. Menu Nutrisystem has more than items in its menu. You can find almost all the everyday foods at Nutrisystem which are given a diet twist so that you do not need to worry about heavy calories.
You have 80 times menu choice to choose from. Most of them are not everyday foods. Meals Nutrisystem diet plans include 5 portioned-meals per day, plus snacks and desserts. It includes 5 meals per day. Taste Most of the online reviews and testimonials shared by real users claim that food at Nutrisystem tastes too good.
Also, you have the chance of tasting the meals before ordering in bulk, because Nutrisystem is offering the users to buy the meals in single packs as well. The meals are exactly like the regular diet meals that not offer good taste.
Also, the menu includes repetitive items so you will get bored to have the same again and again. However, if you can accustom with the taste, Jenny Craig meals can help you lose weight effectively. As we have mentioned before in this Freshly review, this company offers delicious breakfasts and entrees that can serve both as lunch and dinner. In partnership with some of the best chefs in the country, it is constantly coming up with new recipes that satisfy its main criteria — healthy, tasty, fresh, and protein-packed.
While it does not offer specialized meal plans for different dietary needs and preferences, all of its meals are created in accordance with the requirements of several types of special diets. Being low in carbs and high in protein, they are a good choice for people who are trying to lose weight or just want to keep their bodies in good shape.
Every week, there are around 25 entrees and half a dozen breakfasts on the menu. The breakfasts usually include some tasty and creative omelets and frittatas, as well as lighter options based on grains and fruit. As far as the entrees are concerned, they feature all sorts of meat, with a heavy accent on chicken and poultry in general, as well as shrimps and other delicious seafood. The perfectly cooked meat is complemented by various kinds of healthy and nutritious veggies, which makes for a well-balanced meal beaming with flavor.
The prices of meals at Freshly are quite similar to what we are used to with this kind of service. You may be happy to hear that shipping is free with all plans, so you end up paying only for what you eat. One of the major downsides of Freshly is that their shipping range is quite limited. At the moment, they only deliver to 27 states: However, it does not cover all areas even in the states mentioned above, so you better use the zip code checker to see if it can deliver to you.
Nonetheless, considering it has managed to double the number of states it delivers to in such a short time, we have no doubt it will expand the list of delivery areas quite soon. To make sure Freshly meets all your standards and expectations, it is important to know its biggest advantages and disadvantages.
With a short overview of its pros and cons, you can easily decide if Freshly is the right meal delivery service for you. Freshly provides its happy customers with finger-licking chef-prepared meals that can suit virtually any taste. With this meal delivery service, you can enjoy restaurant-grade dishes in the comfort of your own home without breaking the bank.
Take a look at our curated selection of Freshly meals to get a glimpse of the delights that await you on its menu. The basic philosophy behind Freshly is that healthy means high in protein, low in simple carbs and sugars, and high in healthy fats.
Step 1. Pick either the Jenny Craig or Nutrisystem diet programs if you don't want to have to worry about meal planning, cooking or counting calories, according to the Mayo Clinic. Both Nutrisystem and Jenny Craig are very popular and effective diet programs in the industry. They both have been successful in helping their customers to achieve weight loss successfully. Jenny Craig is a weight loss system founded by Jenny Craig in after she had her first baby and struggled with weight loss. Jenny Craig is said to offer rapid results such as losing up to sixteen pounds in roughly four weeks.
Duniter is an implementation of a Basic Income through cryptocurrencies. We call moneys issued by Duniter networks Free moneys. They respect the four economic freedoms as defined in the Relative Theory of Money :
You can visualize the Web of Trust and browse throught identities knew from the network. At any time, you can ask for leaving or joining a new community.
Issue your money just by being a unique and alive individual. At a defined frequency depending of the community rules, every members of the community can create their dividends. With Sakia, you can view the dividends you created, and spend them !
Send and receive paiment from people. Just share your public key, and every body can pay you money they owe you.
They can even find you in the web of trust or in the identities of the network if they have your name but not your pubkey and send you some money !
Sakia implements multiple ways to see the money. You can view it relatively to the dividends to see a constant value. You can view as a quantity of money. But there are multiple ways to see it, like in a mutual credit referentials and more !
Duniter is a P2P software, and Sakia can connect to the Duniter network. With Sakia, discover the network, check the state of the nodes. You can view the network almost in real time !
The purpose of the Salida Spartan Athletic Booster Club is to celebrate and support all Spartan athletes and coaches. Membership is one of the many ways the group collects funds to support athletics in the form of team grants, athlete and coach dinners, and scholarships for graduating seniors. The Salida Spartan Athletic Booster Club is proud to have been a part of the many years of tradition in Salida and strives to maintain community and school involvement through events such as the traditional homecoming bonfire, annual scholarships and back to school meet the coaches social. The sale of Spartan merchandise and yard signs displayed by members promotes Spartan purple pride. Athletic Booster Club Member Signs around town show the student athletes they have a lot of fans behind them. Our motto has been “Shoulder to Shoulder, Side by Side, We Can Win with Spartan Pride!!”
Join us!! Fill out and return the 2017-18 Family Membership with your annual $30 dues to SSABC; PO BOX 25; SALIDA CO 81201. If you have been a member you can use this form to RENEW your membership also. Business Memberships are also available! Contact the Athletic Dept for more information at 719-530-5406
The purpose of the Shavano Academic Booster Club is to recognize students who exhibit outstanding academic effort and individual achievements, and to provide grants for teachers to help enhance the educational opportunities for students. Last year we recognized 72 students for their talents. They are awarded with plaques and gifts from local businesses, get positive recognition in the newspaper, and have their pictures in local businesses.
Last year SABC also provided over $5000 in college scholarships for graduating seniors and several teacher grants.
All of this is made possible because of the support of school district employees, parents, and friends in the community.
About Us... Based in West Yorkshire, The Dalton Hotel offers quality Pubs services in West Yorkshire. Here at The Dalton Hotel, we appreciate you taking the time to view our details and we hope you've found what you're looking for. Telephone or e-mail us today to speak to our friendly, experienced colleagues.
The three degrees of Imperial Civil Examination are literally, (1) Cultivated Talent, (2) Raised Man, and (3) Promoted Scholar.The English equivalents for all kinds of Chinese terms could be bachelor’s degree, Master's degree, and Doctor's degree.
Birmingham NLP Practice Group The map is not the territory A ‘map’ is never the place itself as it would need to be the same size. It can only ever be a representation of a place. NLP uses the idea … Continue reading →
NLP in Birmingham Are you from Birmingham and wanting to find out about NLP ? Looking for someone highly skilled in Neuro Linguistic Programming? Birmingham Master Practitioner and NLP Trainer Debbie Williams is probably the most qualified NLP person you … Continue reading →
OCD in Children Can NLP and hypnosis help my child who has OCD? is a question Birmingham hypnotherapist and NLP master practitioner is asked often. And the short answer is yes Obsessive compulsive disorder responds well to intervention with NLP … Continue reading →
Stop Eating Chocolate How to Overcome a Chocolate Addiction You can easily overcome your chocolate addiction and stop eating chocolate with Birmingham UK based hypnotherapist and NLP trainer self help hypnotherapy recordings. The benefits of listening to hypnosis recordings means … Continue reading →
Posted in Addictions, Binge Eating, Birmingham Hypnotherapy, Birmingham Life Coach, Birmingham NLP, Food phobia and restricted eating, My binge eating diaries, Stop Eating Chocolate, Weight loss	| Tagged Birmingham help to stop eating chocolate, Birmingham Hypnotherapy, Birmingham NLP, chocolate addiction, craving chocolate, help to, Hypnosis Birmingham, I'm addicted to chocolate, overcome chocolate addicton, Stop eating chocolate	| Leave a comment
NLP Master Practitioner Birmingham NLP Master Practitioner and NLP Trainer Debbie Williams has assisted on over 50 NLP practitioner, NLP master practitioner and NLP trainer training courses with Dr Richard Bandler the co founder of NLP otherwise known as neuro … Continue reading →
Hypnosis for confidence Hypnosis can be used to increase confidence levels says Birmingham hypnotherapist and producer of self hypnosis recordings Debbie Williams. She has produced a complete hypnosis for confidence recording called ultimate confidence. What is on the ultimate … Continue reading →
NLP What is it? This is a question I get asked over and over says Birmingham NLP master practitioner and trainer Debbie Williams. I like to give the simple explanation that NLP is like finding the owners manual for your … Continue reading →
Happiness is all that we seek in life. Yet, it remains transient and elusive. Learn how to lead a happier life.
Have you ever got angry on your child? Have you ever feared losing your job or your client? Have you ever felt jealous of your neighbors car ? Have you ever reacted on some other parent scolding your child? Have you ever felt that your boss always underestimates your performance?
Remember that all our negative emotions (anger, hurt, jealousy, rejection....) stem from one core negative emotion, and we can overcome all these negative emotions, with the right knowledge. Read on...
If a community member of a village has been killed for marrying outside her caste or outside her village in the name of self respect, understand that it is Ego at play. When you shout back at someone who hits your car, remember that it is your Ego at work. When a lower grade clerk ignores the boss and does not salute him, and the boss does not like it, it is Ego at work yet again.
Ego is one single emotion that can be the difference between "living your life" and just scraping through it. Let us understand how it works, and then work upon ourselves to conquer it.
Let us assume that i buy a new mobile phone. Since it is new, i get 'attached' to it, and this is equally relevant for any new gadget or device. It is as good as physical attachment to any other body part. If my hand (which is physically attached to my body) gets scratched, i will feel the physical pain, isn't it? Similarly, if there is a scratch on my mobile or it falls down, i get hurt emotionally. If someone praises my mobile, i feel good about my decision. That's how deeply we get attached to things around us. Attachment, is essentially, considering the external object to be a part of "us".
I completely understand that my mobile will NOT always remain unscratched or would fall down some day. It is also a fact that one day, this mobile would no longer would be relevant technologically, and no one is going to appreciate me for possessing this device after some time. All these are known facts to me, but i still go ahead and possess the new phone with the sub conscious assumption that it will not get scratched or will not fall. Making any such false alternative assumption is what is termed as a "wrong image".
That you are a "Director" of a company is a wrong image of yourself. This is an acquired role in your job or business. This is not you. You will lose this role one day.
That you are this "body" is a wrong image. This is acquired by you in this birth, but this is not you. You will leave it here.
That you are a father, mother, brother, sister, fiance - are all wrong images. These are all roles acquired by you and this is not you. You will lose all these roles and relationships one day.
That you are Manoj, Rohit, Shyam, Venkat, Amit, Joseph, Stephen, Anjali, Kavita - these are all acquired names but this is not you - a wrong image once again. You will lose this name one day.
In our day to day lives, we start feeling that we are the Director, this body, father, mother, Manoj, Anjali etc....
If a clerk ignores the "Director", the Director does not feel nice about it. (our attachment to the role of Director).
I may loose self confidence on myself when many people say i am ugly. I may be jealous of people who are good looking.
My entire life can go in all these negative emotions just because of one wrong image of myself and that is the wrong image of "Who am I", and then getting attached to that wrong image of myself (Ego).
Look at your life, you got this body, got a family, got money, got a position - it is all meant to be used and enjoyed - rather than living in the fear of losing them at some stage, knowing the fact that we will definitely lose it one day. Just because of our attachment to this wrong image, we devoid ourselves of using them and enjoying them.
Enjoy it , live it, use it, till you have it. You will definitely lose all these acquired things one day. You can live in the fear of losing money, position, job, family member, your body, and your entire journey of life would be fearful. In the end, you will anyway lose it, but your attachment (and therefore the fear) does not allow you to enjoy it while you have it with you.
So, go on - you beautiful soul - it is assured that you can never die - you have all these beautiful possessions - live them, enjoy them - till you have them.
It does not matter how much you have, what matters is what you do with what you have. Like me, you must have heard this umpteen times...
Many times in life , we are afraid of taking a decision for the fear of taking a wrong one. But here is the fact. No decision is right o...
It is my life's mission to elevate my society, in whatever ways i can. Each of my books should help you elevate your own life.
I am ready to mentor you in your journey. No charges, No constraints. It is a mission of my life. Connect with me and we would walk this journey together.
This site powered by The Next Generation of Genealogy Sitebuilding ©, written by Darrin Lythgoe 2001-2018.
”"In the world today protection is a personal responsibility. Leatherback Gear puts the power of protection in everyone's hands to make people safer the world over."
Every component of this bag has been carefully selected to ensure only the highest quality materials have been used
The world’s ONLY bulletproof backpack that converts into a protective vest in less than 5 seconds, offering immediate and almost complete protection in any situation. Gun violence and public shootings are terrifying ordeals we hope you never have to experience first-hand. However, when the situation arises, protect your loved ones and provide them with the options to live another day.
Halogenerators have become a very popular complementary medicine tool in recent years. As a way of effectively delivering dry salt therapy, they have been installed up and down the country as an alternative form of medicine and a general relaxation tool for adults and children alike.
Put simply; a halogenerator can transform a suitable space into a salt chamber that can be used to relax in and as a complementary therapy for some illnesses. This can be a space for adults to relax in or for children the space can be made more exciting, so they are enjoying themselves whilst their wellbeing is being aided. Halotherapy involves salt being ground up into microscopic particles, which are then dispersed into the room. By means of effective ventilation and suitable air circulation, these particles of salt can then be inhaled normally, providing salt therapy for visitors. A halogenerator is a vital component of a salt room, and so it needs to be considered with care and, if necessary, with professional advice. For instance, hotels and spas across America are seeing the benefits of installing salt rooms in their premises but don’t know where to start. It’s important that the halotherapy you’re offering your customers is safe and built from reputable materials with equipment that will last. As with all equipment, halogenerators can be produced with care or they can be developed merely to make money. This is why you need to choose a company that is committed to providing quality salt therapy rooms and installations every time.
By choosing a reputable company such as Salt Chalet for your salt room provider, you can be assured that you’re getting the best possible equipment. Our halogenerators are manufactured especially for you, giving us the confidence to say that they are amongst the best on the market. Visit http://saltchalet.com to find out more.
Salty Croc Interactive | Purveyors of fine video games since 200X.Salty Croc Interactive | Purveyors of fine video games since 200X. Salty Croc Interactive | Purveyors of fine video games since 200X.Salty Croc Interactive | Purveyors of fine video games since 200X.
If this video had been released today, it would be part of some bizarre "media strategy" to build up advance word about a new Bjork record.
But it's not. It's from 1994, when the only reason for a pop star to sit down and describe how a television set works was because the video was going to be used on an actual programme on an actual television station - and in those days there were only seven television stations in the enitre world (subs please check).
Can you imagine one of today's pop stars understanding the inner workings of a television? Does Aston out of JLS know the difference between 1080p and 720i on his HD flat screen? Can Dappy from N'Dubz make the subtitles work when he's watching Holby City or Dispatches? Have John and Edward established to their own satisfaction that televisions are not the same as magic mirrors?
Posted by Randi Bradshaw on Aug 20, 2011 in Breakfast, Gluten-Free, Recipes, Vegan, Vegetarian | 0 comments
Need some extra energy to get you going in the morning? Forget about coffee and try a green smoothie! Not only does it taste great, but it’s quick, easy and the densely packed nutrients this drink contains will keep you going much longer than a caffeine fix. Kid friendly, mother approved!
If you have a crappy blender like I do, you’ll want to blend the kale and water together first until smooth(ish!). Add the remaining ingredients and blend well. Using frozen blueberries will help reduce the foam created by the kale and will also give a more “milk shake” like texture. Using slightly frozen kale will also produce a much smoother texture…perfect for beginners! If you have a high powered blender like a vitamix or blendtec, just add all ingredients as listed and blend away!
Feel free to experiment with other kinds of fruits and dark leafy greens, as well as adding things like ground flax seeds, spirulina, chlorella or a high quality fish oil.
Balance is key in all aspects of our lives 😂 https://t.co/wZxA33O9u9 11:42:18 PM October 10, 2018 from Facebook
There are quite a bit of profession prospects accessible to nurses today. Nurses can be found in various medical areas a variety of medical establishments for instance hospitals, schools, government, medical clinics, nursing homes, administration, plus more. One sort of nursing job that may be now being chosen by more nurses because several positive aspects will be the travel career in nursing.
A travel nurse is usually a nurse who goes toward areas everywhere over the nation and works for a medical facility for any set specific time. These nurses are replacement workers for nurses who’re away for reasons like if they’re on the holiday to have an extended period of time. Since the nursing positions are temporary, the employer will be expecting a nurse who does not have for being trained or supervised.
As a travel nurse, you require some important qualifications. You will need to be considered a licensed nurse that completed the nursing program from a certified school for nursing. It’s also advisable to been employed by being a nurse for the year or higher. Employers rely on travel nurses to be prepared to leap into work can be with the necessity for supervision or much training. To obtain a job as a travel nurse, most nurses will join a nurse recruiting agency.
A nurse recruiting company assists employers in the healthcare industry hire travel nurses to temporarily replace nurse on leave. Upon joining a staffing company, every one of the specifics of the nurse such as qualifications is set up a database. When an employer requests a nurse for the short term job vacancy, the agency will quickly realize the proper nurse to complete the job. The agency will help make a phone interview between the employer and nurse, assist the nurse with pay for it for travel, get the right nursing licenses, and help with finding suitable housing. A nursing staffing company could also offer courses to help keep nursing skills and knowledge on issues within the medical industry.
You can find nurse staffing agencies that provide nurses to employers needing temporary workers. As effectively, a travel nurse in most cases obtain compensation for travel relates expenses. There can also be a housing compensation and medical insurance benefits. Using a travel nursing career, flexibility is really a benefit as a nurse can choose the type of work assignment that meets the requirements and preferences. They even have a holiday between work assignments. As nicely, this can be a fun and lucrative way to see the country. If a nurse isn’t ready for any full-time career available as one place, travel nursing is a superb choice.
Nursing travel jobs tends to make a lucrative income because these nurses need to be experienced and ready to travel and begin work competently the first day. For nurses trying to travel as well as a great living, the travel nursing profession may be the solution. They also receive the good thing about working in different medical environments and experience new places. When nurses attempt this kind of career, they soon discover travel nursing is often a rewarding and lucrative career.
Skateboarding was crazy in July. With so much going on it's been impossible to keep up. Boston has never seen so much action in such a small amount of time. First Manny Mania and then Dew Tour bringing the spotlight to Boston. New England's own Dave Bachinsky held his own came into the semi-finals in 7th and ended up 13th overall in street. Another hometown hero Andy McDonald came in 3rd in vert. After the Dew Tour, ES rolled through town on the Game of Skate tour where Eric Martinac won himself a trip to Cali for the finals. New England wasn't the only hot spot though, the Zoo York crew brought some heat up to Canada for the Am Getting Paid contest where New England was still well represented thanks to Manny Santiago who ended up taking 2nd and took home $2000.00. Congratulations Manny! California of course has always been a hotbed for skating and all eyes were on Costa Masa July 10-12 for the Maloof Money Cup. A much less hyped contest but I think more fun to watch was the Converse Coastal Carnage. Now X Games 15 is going on and they one-uped the the Coastal Carnage set up by adding concrete, pool coping and a crazy line over the cradle.
Starting up your own venture has become quite the rage these days. Especially, here in IIT Kharagpur, with every passing batch, more and more people are getting ready to take the leap. So in order to inspire all the aspiring entrepreneurs in campus and beyond, we decided to talk to the guy from Kharagpur with the million dollar startup. We are talking about none other than Amritanshu Anand, co-founder of Betaglide, a powerful, reliable and easy to use tool to assist mobile application developers and testers to test their app over the cloud using real devices and real testers/users. Luckily for us, Amritanshu was in campus for the past few days, and in this candid chat, he shares with us his saga of building this company from its foundations.
Q:What motivated you to become an entrepreneur in a place like IIT, where the current trend is being absorbed into high profile jobs?
A: Although I had always wanted to be an entrepreneur, my ambitions got strengthened in IIT. I met a few alumni who were already entrepreneurs at one of the convocations, and was pretty impressed. I made up my mind that I would become an entrepreneur. However my scheme was cut short by the fact that I didn’t have much of an idea about starting up. So I joined the Entrepreneurship Cell of IIT Kharagpur, and received a lot of guidance from the other members.
A: In my first 2 years at IIT, I dabbled in managing events and innovating, but it wasn’t very fruitful. In the third year, I noticed a problem plaguing all app developers, that their apps weren’t being tested in a real world scenario. This led to the inception of Crowdbeans, where we had a set of testers in our campus, checking apps for bugs and other performance issues. Following this we would send our feedback to the app developers.
However, after some time, we felt that this process was highly unprofessional, so my co-founder Anshul (Shingle) and I developed a cloud based app testing platform called Betaglide, with its USP being device fragmentation. We entered TATA FirstDot.in, a startup competition and we came in the Top 20. This gave us the confidence to move on. After that we competed in MIT GSL (Global Startup Labs) and we won it. This enhanced our confidence by leaps and bounds. Several investors at NASSCOM 10000 and Little iLabs liked our idea and we were invited by T-Labs to come to Bangalore, to work on our startup full-time. Later this year, in the Rice Business Plan Competition we won the Mercury Tech Fund Investment prize worth 1 million USD.
Q: We all know that starting up is not easy. What were the obstacles you faced in this inspiring journey of yours?
A: Well, in a place like IIT, in my opinion, there is always a lot of pressure on you to perform. When I first took the plunge, there was academic stress and peer pressure on me. Also when T-Labs called me to Bangalore, I was in a dilemma for a long period of time, because I knew there was no coming back to the same old life at Kharagpur. I was also a placement coordinator, and with my resume, I could have landed a fairly plush job at a consulting or financial firm. I faced a little antagonism at first, but my parents were pretty cool about it later. In the initial stages another major problem was the lack of funds and this was pretty discouraging. The attitude towards student startups in India is always condescending. Investors feel that a student startup will last only for their college tenure and hence they are hesitant to invest in it. This is what we endeavour to change with our venture. Another low was when a competitor of ours launched the same product we had been working on for 5 months. Suddenly, we were back to square one, and completely disheartened. But we had the persistence and determination to move on.
A: There’s a lot of fun incorporated with work while working in a startup. We have an immense amount of freedom to work and innovate, in contrast to a 9 to 5 job. Sometimes I go to the office at 4pm and we work till 3 in the morning. We have no weekdays or weekends, everyday’s just the same. However with our growing family of employees, we have disciplined ourselves much more, and that is showing in our work. Another great aspect of working in a startup is the amount of travel. One day I’m on business in Bangalore, and the next I’m sunbathing in Goa. But all the time, wherever I go, my mind is fixated on my goal and how to accomplish my targets. The most satisfying thing in being an entrepreneur is not the money, its the fact that your company is creating jobs and value.
A: IIT Kharagpur has always played a crucial role in my startup and this whole voyage has been of paramount importance to me. I would sincerely like to thank the director, Dr. P.P. Chakraborty and the professors here who have never failed to assist me in any way. They allowed me to drop out of college to pursue my dreams. Also, another vote of thanks goes to the IIT alumni network, who have helped me beyond my expectations, in terms of guidance, networking and even funding. The Entrepreneurship Cell helped me come into contact with several like minded people which enhanced my idea and develop it into its full fledged form. After our initiative, IIT Kharagpur has introduced the credit system, wherein students can finish their course in 3 and a half years. It feels good to see that we had a role to play in this regard.
Q: You have been to the USA and seen the startup culture there. How different is it from the startup ecosystem here?
A: The USA is a frontrunner in startup culture, especially in tech-startups where there is a lot of competition and innovation. Any global product has to be in Silicon Valley. In fact, whatever technology is released in America, takes at least three months to reach India, because over there everyone is using cutting edge technology. Also another advantage in the US is that it is much easier to raise funds there, because normally, US investors take your idea into consideration instead of other factors like work experience, revenue generation and returns.
A: We have been playing in major markets in the USA and India. In the near future, we would like to expand to Europe and Southeast Asia. Also, we have set ourselves an achievable target of reaching out to nearly 20,000 app developers. As for long term aims, we want to expand our domain in terms of moving on to wearables, automobiles,television and consequentially the Internet of Things (IoT).
A: Don’t startup because you think its cool to do it. It seems easy on paper, but trust me, there will be times when you will just want to quit everything and go back to your routine life again. So, do it only if you have the acumen and capability to run a company, the persistence and determination to get up if you fall, and the confidence to fulfill your dreams.
Banking and Finance industry is one of the most sought after career paths in Nepal.Various vacancies have been announced by leading bank a...
National Examination Board (NEB) has published an urgent notice regarding Grade Increment for the students of Grade 11, having first two initials 74 in the registration number and has appeared as a regular student in the grade 11 examination held on 2074 Ashad Month.
Such students who failed to attend examination of one subject or secured less than D+ in one subject are eligible to sit for the grade increment examination.
Earlier , National Examination Board (NEB) has published the regular examination results of Grade 11 of the Science, Management, Humanities and Education .
EEOC v. Catastrophe Management Solutions: Does prohibiting dreadlocks discriminate against black employees?
EEOC v. Catastrophe Management Solutions, No. 14-13482 (11th Cir. Sept. 15, 2016), is an important new decision addressing the bounds of what constitutes intentional race discrimination under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. In this case, the EEOC argued that CMS intentionally discriminated against Chastity Jones, a black applicant, based on her race by refusing to hire her unless she cut off her dreadlocks, which were prohibited by CMS's race-neutral grooming policy.
In numerous decisions over the years, including most recently in Richardson v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., No. 15-1142 (6th Cir. Sept. 9, 2016), the Sixth Circuit has applied the "honest belief" rule in evaluating whether a defendant intentionally discriminated against a plaintiff in violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or another EEO law. Pursuant to the honest belief rule, a plaintiff cannot prevail if the evidence establishes that the employer honestly believed that its asserted reason for taking an action was based in fact, even if it turns out that the employer's belief was mistaken. In Reva, for instance, the court held that the employer's decision to terminate the plaintiff under its coaching policy was protected by the honest belief rule, and therefore, the plaintiff could not prevail on her age discrimination claim.
This post examines the Sixth Circuit's application of the honest belief rule and explains why it appears to be inconsistent with fundamental principles of disparate treatment and of burdens of proof.
In Carcaño v. McCrory, No. 1:16cv236 (M.D.N.C. Aug. 26, 2016), U.S. District Court Judge Thomas Schroeder adopted a novel line of reasoning in concluding that the University of North Carolina would be engaging in unlawful sex discrimination by excluding transgender individuals from single-sex bathrooms consistent with their gender identity. Under Judge Schroeder's reasoning, single-sex bathrooms, even if "separate but equal," presumptively constitute unlawful sex discrimination in violation of Title IX of the Education Amendment Acts of 1972, and therefore, they are only permitted if there is an applicable exception, such as a regulation, allowing for them. Following this reasoning, it would appear that sex-segregated facilities may violate sex discrimination prohibitions under other federal or state laws, such as Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964.
As the Senate weighs whether to confirm Judge Brett Kavanaugh to serve on the Supreme Court, his views on civil rights are likely to be ...
例：The medical school's graduates are considered to be the cream of the crop and can get jobs wherever they want to.
“For students aspiring to work in the burgeoning field of game design, these are truly the ‘cream of the crop’ institutions from which to launch a career,” said Robert Frank, Princeton Review senior vice president, in a statement.
We care about your privacy and will not sell your information. By submitting you agree to our Terms & Conditions.*
The biggest danger that will always remain is peoples love of showing off where they are through social media. Vacation…
Good news: burglary is trending downward. According to the FBI, in 2012, there was a 3.7 percent decrease in burglaries since 2011. And preliminary 2013 data indicates that property crimes – burglaries, larceny-theft and motor vehicle theft – decreased by 5.4 percent.
This is great news, but unfortunately, it’s also a silver lining to a large problem. There are still far too many burglaries occurring in the U.S. — more than 2 million per year. And burglars are consistently finding new ways to steal your belongings. Here’s what they’re up to in 2014.
Metal detectors – To quickly get in and out of a victim’s home, burglars are using metal detectors to find where you hide your valuables.
Cash for gold – Burglars are carrying cash-for-gold envelopes during their break-ins, allowing them to immediately turn in their stolen goods for profit. This also allows them to quickly get rid of any evidence tying them to the burglary.
Marking targets – If a random sticker appears on your door, be weary – it could be a burglar marking your house as a target after surveillance. The sticker could even appear to be from a real company, but keep in mind that companies do not have the right to mark your property without consent.
Garage theft – Garages are becoming increasingly popular targets for thieves, as they’re usually less protected and easier to access. They also often contain valuable items – like bikes, tools, boxes of goodies, etc. – and have a door leading to the main part of the house.
Apple picking – A term derived from the popularity of the Apple iPhone, burglars are ‘picking’ smartphones from pockets and even straight from the hands of unsuspecting victims.
In addition to being an attractive target for burglars, smartphones are involved with another burglary trend. It has to do with how you use them, especially in regards to social media.
Seemingly insignificant shares reveal information about your current location. Checking into a restaurant, posting pictures at the beach and a simple tweet about the movie you’re watching might seem harmless, but a burglar will view them as announcements that your home is currently empty – and ripe for the picking.
Be careful of oversharing on social media. Find out what you should avoid sharing in this previous blog post.
The final – but certainly not the last – burglary trend to watch out for involves smart homes. The technology itself isn’t the problem, but rather it’s the way people are using smart technology.
Smart devices need to connect to the internet, so people connect it to their home WiFi network – the same network used for a smartphone, computer and tablet. Unfortunately, most users do not protect their smart devices and as a result, hackers and thieves can hack those devices and gain access to the entire network. Sensitive information – credit cards, bank accounts, social security – are all up for grabs.
Fortunately, you can protect yourself by separating your smart devices from your computer and phone by creating different networks, either by yourself or with the help of a computer technician.
Burglars are constantly trying to find new ways to break in, but they’re also confounded when it comes to wireless home security systems. There’s simply no better way to protect your home and have peace of mind.
The biggest danger that will always remain is peoples love of showing off where they are through social media. Vacation photos, posts, and check-ins just let burglars know that no one is home and they have time to scope it out and strategize how they will get in. But hey, its natural to be excited about time off, just be mindful to keep your home safe.
Break-ins are such an unfortunate and stressful event, We see this a lot in our line of work and help our customers beef up the security of their homes. safety and protection of your home and property are very important these days.
Katie has served in multiple roles in Frontpoint’s Customer Relations department, including serving as a mentor for new Customer Support Specialists, before joining the Reputation Team. She has a knack for explaining how to use a system without confusing even the biggest technology novice.
Peter has more than 20 years of home security experience; including leadership positions at some of the country’s most prominent alarm companies. He’s been sharing tips and industry knowledge on the company blog since 2010.
*Terms & Conditions: We take your privacy seriously. By submitting a Contact Request, you agree that Frontpoint may contact you at the email address and phone number provided (including SMS and/or pre-recorded voicemail messages) for the purpose of providing you information about Frontpoint’s products, services, and pricing. To unsubscribe from our emails, visit www.frontpointsecurity.com/subscribe. To opt-out from phone contact, call 866-252-7630 or email privacy@frontpointsecurity.com.
I don’t like thinking anymore, and so stopped it. Yes you read it right. I have stopped thinking. There are no similar-sounding verbs to “thinking”, still for those with impaired hearing, or exaggerated disbelief on their faces, I repeat – I STOPPED THINKING!!
I know what the Indian philosophy/yoga types reading this stuff are thinking. They are imagining the descendants of Ekta Kapoor, three hundred years from now, making a television serial on me, the saint who stopped thinking – thoughtlessanand baba (the pun is, of course, intended), in which the last episode shows my soul, portrayed as thin yellow glowing gelatin-like ellipse, merging with another much larger yellow glowing gelatin-like ellipse, obviously representing the God’s soul – paramatma. (Disclaimer: ellipses could easily be ellipsoids, depending on the advancements in television technology of the time) But nothing like that has happened – I have no gelatin around me right now, and the last ellipse I saw was Yuvraj Singh’s wagon wheel, digitally representing the Kingston stadium, where India defeated West Indies. Now that you have pained your mind enough deciphering the large comma-studded sentences above, I’m sure some of you might like to stop thinking. And in somewhat similar fashion I stopped thinking. Sorry to disappoint the glowing-gelatin-ellipse-lovers.
However, the thoughtlessanand baba has economic value. I am sure friends, families, parents of some of you seek or have sought some sort of spiritual support from some sort of spiritual beings. The world needs babas. From management to spirituality you need the babas. And like in spirituality, so in managment, the less the baba thinks the better he/she is. So the world surely needs a thoughtlessanand baba. And for you, I am sure you would be more comfortable with your friends, families, or parents seeking support from a modern baba like me, than the traditional saffron clad ones. See I sold it to you as well. I know you are thinking where does the “economic” part come from. Well the thoughtlessanand baba, like all other babas, wont charge a fee. He’d only help grow the pie. With less thought there is more pie. Now let the Peter Drucker‘s of the world explain that to you. And if you dont like the jargon-filled books, and still need to get the “less thought, more pie” funda – watch the waitress, the movie I mean.
For those who still doubts the truthfulness of this post, I am sure this post itslef must convince you that I have stopped thinking 😉
PS: I did consider “Surrealanand Baba” as the branding, but that’s a bit too much disoriented for people seeking spiritual help. Being inconsiderate is something they are anyways expecting.
I consider the ancient tradition of knowledge in India, the most profound academic tradition ever. One of the basic characters of this tradition, is the unquestioned belief in The Veda as the ultimate source of knowledge. And so, I naturally tend to attribute the success of the tradition to The Veda.
Vedas are not a set of books containing a set of facts. They are a doorway into the vast human capability of knowing beyond what the organs can sense and the mind can think. They are a method that gives humans the great capability to act beyond ones physical limitations, to fulfill ones desire, to overcome what is destined. They are a song capable of evoking those human emotions which open the doors to bliss. Thus, they validate the divinity of humans, and proclaim the supremacy of human endeavor over any other force in nature.
They are an inquiry into the nature of truth itself. They are like a finger pointing towards something that can be perceived but not said. They are a necklace of pearls of wisdom, knitted together by an invisible thread. If you perceive the invisible thread, you know that it is a necklace. If you don’t, they sound to you absurd pieces of poetry somehow put together. This is the same invisible thread which connects two human beings, which enable one human being to empathize with another human being. Therefor, it states emphatically “एकम् सत् विप्रा: बहुधा वदन्ति” … the truth is one, wise men say it differently. Therefore, it welcomes with open arms, everything good coming from any direction… “आ नो भद्राः क्रतवो यन्तु विश्वतः”.
And, the Sukta, which I like the most in The Veda, is the नासदीय सूक्त, the creation hymn (Mantra 129, Mandala 10, Rigveda):
This is best recital I could get: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PyrXdEi8i_I&feature=player_embedded (Though there’s not so good pronunciation, and pretty superficial translation). I’d post a better recital if I found one.
And, if you have patience you can look for the 129 Sukta of the 10th Mandal in the entire of the Rig Veda here: http://www.astrojyoti.com/rigvedamp3part1.htm.
Posting Ghalib after quite sometime today. It is a quite well known ghazal, and represents a state of mind which I relate to quite often. Especially after meeting a few people. 🙂
[निहाँ == indistinguishable] [गर्द == sand] [सहरा == the desert ] [The line means, that I seem to be living for so long that the sand of the desert is getting created in front of me]
[ज़बीं == forhead] [ख़ाक == soil] [Again, the line signifies that I seem to have been alive to see the river erode the soil in front of me]
[ईमाँ == integrity, truthfulness, religion] [कुफ़्र == irreligiousness, lure of the material gains] [क़ाबा == kaaba] [क़लीसा == technically is a Church, but used here to signify place where कुफ़्र happens]
Many Indian and Pakistani singers have beautiful renditions of the gazal. One of the more famous ones is by Jagjit Singh from the serial Mirza Ghalib. Here’s the clip on youtube:
Okay, so back to Vick Vaporub. You rub it on your chest, your neck, around your nose, may be if you mistook it for Zandu balm, then on your head. You do it when you are sick. It makes you feel better. And it makes you better by evaporating itself, when it leaves your skin.
Life is something that you rub on yourself superficially. Haven’t you heard people (especially brown-haired, satin-skinned, beaming-eyed woman) telling fat nerdy bearded geeks – “You’re sick, Get a Life!!”. So typically those geeks would try and get a life… by rubbing it superficially… they’ll go and swim, play a game of pool, or watch a movie, or chase girls, play guitar, sketch, paint, flirt, write, drink, drive, act, debate, code, design, orkut (v), discuss etc… Drinking following driving in the above line is purely incidental. (To be legally safe, the author does not take any responsibility for the urges emanating in the readers mind) 😀
So yes, it seems they got some life rubbed on themselves. But they still feel sick. Because, life, like Vicks Vaporub, makes you feel better only when it leaves your superficial skin. When it evaporates.
Because, it has to get in to you, to be able to treat you, to be able make you feel less sick. And it can get in you only when it evaporates, only when it enters your lungs through your nose. It opens up what is clogged inside. That something, which is preventing you from breathing freely. That something, which is making the head heavy. It enters you, settles down and you start breathing freely.
Life is also like that. There is nothing intrinsic about those get-a-life-actions that will give you a life. Let it be, putting some colors on a canvas, or some charcoal on paper, or letting the visuals of a movie reach your eyes, or letting your body float on a swimming pool, or writing poetry for a woman, or putting your leg hard on the accelerator while driving on an empty highway. There are no measurable units of life in any of those acts. They are just superficial rubbings. You have to let it evaporate, let it leave your body, and enter you on its own.
But you still have to start by rubbing it in, and have faith that it will get inside you on it self. And remember that it would not get in, if you don’t rub it, to start with. You have to make the effort and let it go, and have faith that it will enter you … relief will follow 🙂
So, life, like Vick Vaporub, being volatile, will leave your skin and go onwards and upwards, and finally get inside you. 🙂
So, what’s the conclusion of the metaphor? It is not new. Somewhere in the planes of Haryana, some 5,110 years ago, a saarathi told a dhanurdhar – “Do your job well” 🙂
A student went to his meditation teacher and said, “My meditation is horrible! I feel so distracted, or my legs ache, or I’m constantly falling asleep. It’s just horrible!”
A week later, the student came back to his teacher. “My meditation is wonderful! I feel so aware, so peaceful, so alive! It’s just wonderful!’
Someone found my previous post about ‘some page’ absurd, abuse of blogging, murder of humor and ‘useless’. I was thrilled, excited, and felt an immense feeling of achievement. 😀
That someone, is a nice and close friend, and well, is quite dumb. Usually it is hard to find intelligent people who are nice and close. So, I guess it is quite nice to be dumb, as long as you are nice. 🙂 And finding that post (and my blog in general) useless, is one of the lesser dumb things demonstrated by this friend. In fact, it is a pretty worthwhile observation that my blog is useless.
Being useless, is probably, the highest form of existence one can think about. I know that people would not quite appreciate finding philosophical imports on a useless blog, of course, except those who find philosophy useless. 😀 So, I decided to quote someone else. And this quote is about someone who never liked to be quoted – Lao Tzu. So, here’s something indicating his views about being useless:
Lao Tzu was traveling with his disciples and they came to a forest where hundreds of woodcutters were cutting the trees. The whole forest had been cut except for one big tree with thousands of branches. It was so big that 10,000 persons could sit in its shade.
Lao Tzu asked his disciples to go and inquire why this tree had not been cut. They went and asked the woodcutter and they said, “This tree is absolutely useless. You cannot make anything out of it because every branch has so many knots in it – nothing is straight. You cannot use it as fuel because the smoke is dangerous to the eyes. This tree is absolutely useless, that’s why we haven’t cut it.”
The disciples came back and told Lao Tzu. He laughed said, “Be like this tree. If you are useful you will be cut and you will become furniture in somebody’s house. If you are beautiful you will be sold in the market, you will become a commodity. Be like this tree, absolutely useless, and then you will grow big and vast and thousands of people will find shade under you.”
I thought about it, and realized, that the tree is not useless. It is useful – you can find shade under it. But the point is – it is just not ‘trying’ to be useful.
I have posted ‘intesab’ by Faiz Ahmed Faiz earlier. This is another one of his very popular poems. It was written during the rule of General Zia in Pakistan, and has a very distinct revolutionary fervor. It urges everyone who feels dejected of the happenings around him, to come out and get heard, inspite of the odds. And the feel is surprisingly similar to the spirit of Gandhi’s satyagrah, rather than that of call for a violent revolution.
For the whole last week, I have been haunted by Nayyara Noor‘s rendition of this song. You can listen to it here.
Majaaz, the Keats of India, died alone, off heavy drinking, in a tavern in Lucknow. But he is probably one of the very few ‘progressive’ urdu poets, for whatever it means or whatever is left of it to mean. Best of his works are primarily romantic, with heavy-duty mushiness, like this one:
But I’m going to post here a very different kind of his poem, its called Awaaraa. If you concentrate a bit, you might find a second, and sometimes a third, level of meaning out of the lines. Here it is:
Poems are like beds. They come in all forms – from extremely pink, furry, mushy and soft to back-painingly rock hard. You can always add cushions to make them better. They can be used as decorative pieces in drawing rooms, without much utility though. And they seem unnecessarily clumsy when used as decorations. They have their own roles to play in love affairs (okay don’t look at me like that… they have nice and legitimate roles to play… you pervert). They can be hollow when they come, and the ‘user’ can put substance into them by his imagination. If you don’t want others to see a broken piece, you always have sheets to cover them.
So here’s a poem which I wrote the day before, clad it in a big white sheet yesterday, and I slept over it the yesterday night. Take it:
The current of the river swept silently over them all — young and old, rich and poor, good and evil, the current going its own way, knowing only its own crystal self.
Each creature in its own manner clung tightly to the twigs and rocks of the river bottom, for clinging was their way of life, and resisting the current what each had learned from birth.
But one creature said at last, ‘I am tired of clinging. Though I cannot see it with my eyes, I trust that the current knows where it is going. I shall let go, and let it take me where it will. Clinging, I shall die of boredom.’
The other creatures laughed and said, ‘Fool! Let go, and that current you worship will throw you tumbled and smashed across the rocks, and you will die quicker than boredom!’
But the one heeded them not, and taking a breath did let go, and at once was tumbled and smashed by the current across the rocks.
Yet in time, as the creature refused to cling again, the current lifted him free from the bottom, and he was bruised and hurt no more.
And the creatures downstream, to whom he was a stranger, cried, ‘See a miracle! A creature like ourselves, yet he flies! See the Messiah, come to save us all!’
Earlier this month we unveiled GLAD Answers, a reboot of our Legal Info Line, the information and referral service GLAD has run since the organization was founded. After 35 years, it was time to freshen things up a bit. Given that these days many people contact us by email and live chat, the idea of an “Info Line,” which conjures up a telephone in the minds of most, seemed a bit outdated. The name GLAD Answers better encapsulates what this service does: no matter how you get in touch with us, if you’ve got questions we’ve got answers.
Personally, I love the clever construction of GLAD Answers. As Carisa Cunningham, our director of public affairs and education is fond of saying, “It’s a noun! It’s a verb!”
we’ve added some other new features that will enable us to help more people throughout New England who have questions or concerns about their legal rights as LGBT people :
The Power of Perseverance: a Black Gay Man Reflects on the 50th Anniversary of the March on Washington
Fifty years ago I felt like I was living in two countries, two communities, two neighborhoods; among two distinct races and cultures, but in one class of poverty. I was born in an all- black housing project, but my parents thought opportunities would be better in an all-white housing project so we moved from the South End to Roslindale when I was five years old. My parents, both Pennsylvania transplants, worked as domestics for white families west of Route 128, a secret I held closely because of shame, guilt and pride.
The message to this only child was keep your head down, fit in, get along, study hard, go to college, get a good job, marry, have children and you’ll be equal. During those formative years in this predominantly white environment, I felt pretty equal to my peers, attending school, playing sports, and accepting invitations to hang out with friends after school. We were all poor and living on some form of government assistance.
Our family moved to Dorchester when I was 16 so I could meet other black kids and experience black culture. My mother was hopeful that I’d date black girls and attend church on a more regular basis. For the first time in my life I felt un-equal. The clothes, shoes, music, cars were not the same as in my old neighborhood, and for the first time in my life class differences and cultural differences were very evident. Neighborhood and racial disparities were reflected in our stores, food choices, streets, and city services that I had taken for granted in my old neighborhood but now understood were absent in my black neighborhood.
At the same time, my brothers and sisters south of the Mason-Dixon line not only lived in segregated, marginalized neighborhoods like I did, they suffered under local, state and federal Jim Crow laws that prohibited equal access to housing, employment, education, full citizenship and basic human rights.
Labels: civil rights, equality, family, Goodridge, lgbt rights, March on Washington, marriage, Martin Luther King Jr., racial justice, segregation
Tuesday was a momentous day for unaccompanied homeless LGBTQ and HIV positive youth in Massachusetts. As I finagled my way to a corner of an over-crowded and sweltering room located in the basement of the State House, where over 50 people waited to offer testimony for one of the 15 bills listed, I was pleased to see many familiar faces.
Youth workers from Youth on Fire and Boston GLASS waited patiently in the back of the hearing room fanning themselves in an attempt to deal with the almost unbearable heat. Current and formerly homeless LGBTQ youth I’ve worked with at BAGLY or spoken with during my many trips to Boston GLASS slowly began to creep their way through the masses.
We were all there for the same reason – to show our support for “An Act Providing Housing and Supportive Services for Unaccompanied Homeless Youth.”
“An Act Providing Housing and Supportive Services for Unaccompanied Homeless Youth” is a key step to improving housing and residential stability, reducing the risk of harm and improving educational, physical and mental health outcomes for unaccompanied homeless youth.
With recent reports suggesting that up to 40% of unaccompanied homeless youth in the United States identify as LGBT, this bill will particularly benefit unaccompanied homeless LGBTQ youth in Massachusetts.
The lack of youth-specific resources in Massachusetts is alarming. As one youth testified, “there is only 1 shower for 16 guests” at Bridge Over Troubled Waters – one of the few youth specific shelters in Massachusetts.
Youth, particularly LGBTQ youth, avoid adult shelters due to fear of violence, harassment, and lack competency on LGBTQ issues. As a result, youth opt to sleep on the street and resort to survival crimes, exposing them to increased violence, incarceration, and HIV transmission.
Homelessness has also been linked to school drop-out rates. The Department of Elementary and Secondary Education estimates that nearly 6,000 high school students are experiencing homelessness and are out on their own.
The need for greater resources for LGBTQ youth in the out-of-home care setting as well as stronger anti-bullying laws for LGBTQ students are two of the many priorities for GLAD’s Youth Initiative Project.
On May 30, Senior Staff Attorney and leader of GLAD’s Youth Initiative, Vickie Henry, testified in support of “An Act Relative to Bullying in Schools.” The proposed legislation would make much needed improvements to the state’s anti-bullying law by adding important provisions for enumerating protected classes - including LGBTQ students; for tracking and reporting bullying behavior; and for conducting a student school climate survey.
Bullying harms academic performance and, sometimes, leads to the ending of a young life. Through GLAD’s extensive outreach in the LGBTQ and HIV positive youth community, we have heard the stories of numerous students who report being bullied because of their sexual orientation, gender identity, and/or gender expression.
GLAD joins in supporting the passage of “An Act Providing Housing and Support Services for Unaccompanied Homeless Youth” and “An Act Relative to Bullying in Schools.” Both bills will greatly improve the everyday lives our next generation.
Yesterday, GLAD attorney Ben Klein testified at the State House in favor of “An Act relative to abusive practices to change sexual orientation and gender identity in minors,” legislation to outlaw so-called “reparative therapy” – the dangerous and discredited practice which purports to change people from gay to straight and transgender to non-transgender – for people under the age of 18.
“So-called conversion therapy is a disgraceful chapter in our society’s mistreatment of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people,” Ben told members of the Joint Committee on Children, Families and Persons with Disabilities. “It’s been proven ineffective, it defies modern medicine, and it inflicts serious psychological harm on young people.”
Sponsored by state Rep. Carl Sciortino, an openly gay legislator, the bill prevents healthcare professionals licensed in Massachusetts from using “reparative therapy” techniques on young people. GLAD is among a coalition of LGBT, mental health and child welfare organizations supporting the legislation.
It’s not every day you get to stand at the foot of the marble stairs (quarried from Vermont!) of the U.S. Supreme Court on the day a blockbuster decision related to LGBT rights is handed down. But there I was in the sweltering heat at about 8:00 a.m. yesterday, waiting on two decisions. Though rulings in the Windsor DOMA case and the Perry Prop. 8 case were at least two hours from being handed down, the media was already out in full force, with dozing cameramen seated in folding beach chairs, all shaded by umbrellas. The line of folks hoping to get inside for a front row seat to history was already growing.
It wasn’t long before I caught up with my colleague Mary Bonauto, who laid so much of the foundation on which the Windsor victory was built, as Justin Peters described so well in this piece on Slate yesterday. As the sun rose higher over the courthouse, we continually moved around in a mostly useless attempt to keep cool.
But soon there was nowhere left to move, as the sidewalk by the court was quickly clogged with LGBT people and allies from around the country, singing and chanting and keeping their hopes high. I was surprised there wasn’t a more visible presence of people who oppose LGBT rights. Maybe they were all in a bunker somewhere, bracing themselves for the end of the world. I did glimpse Brian Brown of the National Organization for Marriage strolling along the edge of the crowd, where no one seemed to notice him. He was still smiling at that point, but I’m guessing his day went a little south after the big news got out.
“I hope [the justices] understand how important it is for students to be able to go to school and get an education, have fun, make friends and not have to worry about being bullied by students or the administration and to be accepted for who they are. That’s the most important thing.” - Nicole Maines
Not long into yesterday’s Maine Supreme Court arguments in our case Doe v. Clenchy, our client Nicole Maines leaned in a little closer to her mother, bringing her head to rest on Kelly Maines’ shoulder.
It’s good to have a supportive and loving parent around when things get tough, and listening to a cadre of lawyers and judges debating the difficult, discriminatory experiences of your life and your rights as a transgender girl can make for a tough day for a 15-year-old. Her dad Wayne and her twin brother Jonas were also by her side at the arguments.
The family has stuck together and supported each other through the stress of more than four years of legal proceedings and media attention related to the discrimination Nicole experienced as a 5th grader at her Orono middle school, where administrators rescinded her access to the girls’ restroom after a male classmate followed her into the facility to make trouble. Nicole was forced to use a staff bathroom and separated from the other girls, in violation of Maine’s trans-inclusive non-discrimination law. The reversal forced Wayne and Kelly to withdraw their children from the Orono school system and move to another part of the state so they could attend school quietly and safely.
Jonas, Wayne, Nicole and Kelly Maines in D.C. last year. Wayne, Jonas and Nicole were guests at President Obama's annual LGBT Pride reception.
Editor’s Note: June 3 is the 8th Annual Blogging for LGBT Families Day, a tradition aimed at showing support for our families in the blogosphere brought to you by Mombian.com, one of our favorite LGBT parenting blogs. We hope you enjoy this post about a loving and courageous family with which GLAD has had the privilege to work.
If you think your family is being discriminated against based on a member’s gender identity or sexual orientation, contact GLAD’s Legal InfoLine for help.
When we think of LGBT families, we primarily think of those headed by LGBT parents. But really, any family that includes an LGBT person is an LGBT family since so often, that person’s experience as a member of our community impacts their entire family. When these families stand up and share their stories, they help educate the world about our community and serve as powerful examples about the importance of loving and supporting LGBT family members – particularly our youth.
I can’t think of a better example than the family behind our case Doe v. Clenchy, which will be heard before Maine’s highest court this month. GLAD is representing a transgender teen girl, identified in court records as “Susan Doe,” whose elementary and middle schools removed her from the girls’ restroom because she is transgender and forced her to use a staff-only restroom in isolation from her peers. Eventually, her parents were forced to withdraw their daughter and her twin brother from the Orono school system and move to another part of the state so they could attend school quietly and safely.
Below is a summary of some of the more important rights you need to know. But remember, you can always contact GLAD’s Legal InfoLine with any questions, and you can check out our detailed information for each New England state.
Labels: anti-bullying, bullying, discrimination, Employment, GSA, HIV, Legal InfoLine, prom, rights, school, student
It’s been fascinating and fun to watch as legislators in Rhode Island, Delaware and Minnesota passed marriage equality bills that their respective governors enthusiastically signed into law in the past few weeks.
Things have changed dramatically from 10 years ago, when the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court ruling in our Goodridge marriage lawsuit pitched Beacon Hill -- along with our usual opponents in the Catholic Church hierarchy and the religious right -- into a state of hysteria.
“Opposition set in in about one nano-second,” Mary Bonauto recalled in the documentary film Saving Marriage. That sounds about right.
Now that the snow is finally melting and the on again-off again snow flurries have become on-again-off again spring showers, it’s time to start gearing up for GLAD’s Summer Party in Provincetown on Saturday, July 27th. With Kate Clinton confirmed as our celebrity auctioneer extraordinaire - this is definitely an event you don’t want to miss!
David Wilson, together with his husband Rob Compton, was a plaintiff in GLAD’s 2003 case Goodridge v. Department of Public Health, which made Massachusetts the first state where same-sex couples could marry. Since that experience, he has committed his time and resources to the movement for LGBT equality, and particularly to working within the movement to increase outreach to people of color, combat institutional racism, and broaden and diversify who is embraced by and feels a part of the LGBT family.
And family is what it’s all about for David. He was in Washington D.C. last week for the two days of Supreme Court arguments on marriage equality and the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA). When we sat down to talk about that experience, however, he started with a different story, about his granddaughter.
David was a keynote speaker at the 2013 GLSEN Massachusetts Conference last weekend, and when his granddaughter Ruby, a high school student, learned about the engagement she not only asked to attend but wanted to speak. At the conference, she shared a story about a classmate who came out to her as transgender two years ago and how she immediately jumped into action as an ally, encouraging the student and asking what she could do to help him feel supported at school. She was a key player in helping fellow students understand the transition and ensuring that they use the right pronouns and be respectful of his privacy.
Her awareness as an ally, David pointed out, stemmed from her upbringing in a family headed by a gay couple (between them, David and Rob have five adult children from prior marriages, and seven grandchildren) and absorbing the joys and difficulties that LGBT people face through the experiences of her own family. Years and years of LGBT people forming families, he said, has led to entire families – like his and Rob’s – that are standing up to share their stories and join the movement for LGBT equality.
David calls this phenomenon “broadening the diversity and inclusion of the team” -- expanding the LGBT family to better represent the diversity of our community and the diversity of our issues. That’s precisely what was on his mind as he attended the Supreme Court arguments in the Windsor case, and when he spoke at a rally on the courthouse steps last week.
“I was there [in DC] to figure out how a ‘win’ will impact people on the ground, especially people of color, transgender people, people outside the movement, people who don’t feel the movement is for them,” David explained. “As a plaintiff in the first winning marriage case, I’ve had a lot of privilege. How can I make sure I take the access I’ve had, and translate it to others? I’ve been at the forefront of this fight. What about the people left out or left behind?”
His concern for “the people left out” was only heightened when he finally got into the courtroom to hear a portion of the Windsor DOMA argument after a lucky opening happened for the last thirty people who were expected to stay 3 to 5 minutes but actually stayed 15 minutes until the ending statements. Once inside, David found himself thinking, ‘Where’s the diversity in this room?’ To my mind, it wasn’t there. There was certainly diversity among the nine justices but it did not appear to be present in the rest of the room.”
It was a marked contrast to the exuberant scene outside the Supreme Court doors, where a throng of LGBT protesters and various supporters of the freedom to marry gathered to make their voices heard. “The rally outside the Court was real,” said David. “The speakers, and the people gathered around were very excited, proud and connected. It was a really diverse crowd.”
“But then the people coming down the steps from the Court didn’t reflect the people at the rally,” he added. “And there I was, coming out of the Court feeling so proud but disconnected from the folks gathered at the bottom of the steps of the Supreme Court”
Prior to going into the court, David received a warm welcome when he stepped to the microphone at the rally. “I think the organizers and the people gathered were excited to see a man of color, someone with gray hair, someone who has had long range involvement in this movement,” said David. “I felt incredibly welcomed, appreciated and valued.” Once the crowd recognized me as one of the earlier speakers, they were so happy and proud that I had been granted access as one of them.
He wants other members of the LGBT family to feel that same embrace, even if they feel the marriage movement doesn’t speak to them. Justice Elena Kagan gave him a way to do that during the DOMA argument when she quoted a passage from the House Judiciary Committee’s report on DOMA, in which the committee concluded that by passing DOMA, “Congress decided to reflect and honor collective moral judgment and to express moral disapproval of homosexuality.”
That’s when it dawned on David that a win in Windsor would not just provide married same-sex couples with federal equality in marriage, it could also potentially strike a blow to the many other laws that have been enacted out of moral disapproval of LGBT lives, affecting a much broader swath of our community.
“When Justice Kagan read the morality piece I really understood,” said David. “I thought, okay, when I leave this room, leave Washington, what can I do to make this more real? How can I show people that this will impact you, too? How can I translate this to the Black Church, to seniors, to kids of color?"
On the heels of two of the most exciting and important days in recent LGBT history – the Supreme Court arguments in the Perry and Windsor cases – our own Mary L. Bonauto gave her expert analysis on the arguments in a conference call with GLAD’s Equal Justice Council late last week. Not surprisingly, we had the most RSVPs we’ve ever had for one of our monthly EJC calls.
Before summarizing Mary’s analysis, allow me to kvell for a moment, and point you toward a recent New York Times profile that does a fantastic job detailing Mary’s and GLAD’s historic and strategic contributions to the marriage movement, work that made last week’s Supreme Court showdown possible. She also wound up on Rachel Maddow’s show –– and went head to head with the Family Research Council’s Ken Klukowski on PBS News Hour, among several other media appearances.
Now, a few highlights of Mary’s analysis, which was offered with the caveat that she was giving her “tentative impressions” of the arguments and the questions the justices asked, rather than making a prediction about case outcomes.
GLAD Public Affairs and Education Intern Adam Connito was in D.C. on March 27 to watch his aunt sworn in before the U.S. Supreme Court, and was able stay for the arguments in Windsor v. United States. He shares his reflections - written in the airport on his return flight to Boston - on witnessing the historic deliberations on behalf of Edie Windsor (pictured above with her late wife Thea Spyer) and tens of thousands of others impacted by DOMA.
Airports are a good place to reflect. Something about leaving one place for another – maybe it’s the anticipation of movement, progress, and destination. It’s nice to think about where you were before you get to where you’re going, and I can’t shake the thought of serendipity when I consider that my first trip to D.C. included a visit to the nation’s highest court to hear oral arguments in Windsor v. United States.
Inside the Supreme Court on Monday and Tuesday it was all blue suits, “may it please the Court”, legal arguments, and tradition. Outside the court was a very different and yet also very American scene.
Wandering around connecting our side’s people with reporters, I was invigorated by the variety of expression and sheer joy of equality supporters. What’s not to love about signs like “If God hates gay people, then why are they so cute?” and “Nature Digs Homosexuality: Scientists for Equal Rights”? In addition to scientists, there were labor unionists, inter-racial (straight) couples, African-American ministers, military members, kids and grandparents, civil rights leaders, people from north, south, east, and west, all supporting equality under the law for gay people.
The other side cornered the market in mixed messages: we had the Westboro Baptist Church singing “Another One Bites the Dust” – by Queen; and men in skirts (okay, kilts) in an anti-equality marching band.
I ran into our wonderful plaintiffs Melba Abreu and Beatrice Hernandez, as well as Bette Jo Green and Jo Ann Whitehead, and Goodridge plaintiff David Wilson spoke to the crowd on the second day. The media was both penned up below the Supreme Court steps, and set up on the plaza to talk to lawyers and plaintiffs immediately following argument. Both days, the first person out the building was Jeffrey Toobin of CNN, who headed straight for his camera and immediately started talking.
It was incredibly moving to see Edie Windsor, in her bright pink scarf, waving to the crowd, which lovingly cheered her. And it was satisfying to see GLAD’s Mary Bonauto share her wisdom with everyone from ABC News to members of the community who stopped her on the street.
Kudos go to all of the organizers, and all who showed up, whether organized or disorganized. No matter what the legal outcome, these two days were a true expression of what Martin Luther King, Jr., called “the beloved community.” He said, “But the end is reconciliation; the end is redemption; the end is the creation of the beloved community. It is this type of spirit and this type of love that can transform opposers into friends. It is this type of understanding goodwill that will transform the deep gloom of the old age into the exuberant gladness of the new age. It is this love which will bring about miracles in the hearts of men.”
Jo Ann Whitehead (right) and Bette Jo Green, plaintiffs in GLAD's challenge to DOMA, Gill v. OPM, were in Washington D.C. last week for the rallies outside the Supreme Court. They share their experiences below.
And now we step up for our rights under the law of the land. Bette Jo and I are happy we went to DC last week to stand outside SCOTUS during the morning rallies on Tuesday, March 26 (prop 8) and Wednesday, March 27 (DOMA):
The weather was cold, but the fervor for equality warmed us deeply. The size of the supportive rally crowd took our breath away; it felt like a cold-weather Gay Pride Day. As the rally formed, we were cheek-to-jowl, able to move slowly through the flux of the crowd; this was a great opportunity to strike up conversations and make new “instant friends.” There was a mix of young, old, lgbt, straight, racially and culturally diverse, businesses, political groups, and religious groups. When the religious leaders (representing about every denomination you can think of) came from the prayer breakfast and walked through the crowd to the speakers’ area singing “this little light” it sparked a joyous sing-along.
Fortunately, we were a distance from the “opposition” and the “must-hate” groups who were there, but they were much smaller numbers than the waves of support; some of their signs and banners were confusing, some were downright nasty (tradition, marriage, property; [swastika]; god hates fags).
From our vantage point we enjoyed the bountiful upbeat, colorful, and supportive signs and banners, some homemade and some provided by the rally organizers: (Jesus had two dads and he turned out fine; guys, I said I hate figs; if God hates gay people, why are they so cute?; in case you’re confused [the rainbow flag] isn’t a white flag).
We were so happy to see two other Gill vs OPM plantiffs (Beatrice and Melba, who stood for a loooong time in the “three minute line” to get into SCOTUS for a bit of the hearing on Wednesday). Kudos go to many: GLAD, HRC and other media coordinators; the rally organizers (the lineup of speakers was notable); the legal teams, the legal teams, the legal teams...
Tuesday morning early we were on our way. The Metro was humming with folks in suits carrying briefcases, getting on and off, until we arrived at our stop: Capitol South. We emerged into the crisp air, greeted by volunteers in red t-shirts and vests, giving us directions to the Supreme Court building, along with placards and smiles. Our placards read “Marriage is Love Commitment Family” and we noticed more and more warmly dressed placard-carrying folks going in the same direction. Then we joined the throng – bright colors, lots of laughter, hand-printed signs, rainbow flags – and tried to get as close to the front steps as possible. People stood in the visitor line for the hearing, but many more were just like us making their way past the cameras and reporters to celebrate this historic moment together: the Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) taking on gay marriage and gay marriage rights. I shivered when I saw EQUAL JUSTICE UNDER LAW inscribed on the building. Could that also apply to us?
The cold wind on this sunny day didn’t seem to matter so much in such a sea of humanity. We were huddled close together, jostling, saying “excuse me” so many times that we started talking about the day, learning each other’s stories, laughing as each new sign went by, chanting, singing, applauding the speakers, thanking the volunteers for all their efforts. We were a sea of color: rainbow and American flags, scarves, mittens, hats, and skin tone with the musical interludes keeping us hopping. A large contingent of ecumenical clergy wound their way through the crowd singing “This Little Light of Mine, I’m Going to Let it Shine” drawing us all in. And the speakers from near and far gave us inspiration from their personal stories and their support of the LGBT community. We left many hours later, only after our numb feet couldn’t hold us up any more. We needed energy for the next day.
Wednesday morning we were old timers, not only in age, but in experience. We knew the route, the stop, the way and came even earlier to the front steps of SCOTUS. This time we introduced ourselves to the folks around us who came from Virginia, Maryland, California, etc. Gay, straight, young, old, black, white – all energetic, all with stories to tell. The placards read “Equality Now” and multitudes of American flags joined the handmade signs, each person with a wider grin than the last. By this time our cheeks hurt from smiling so much. We talked with each other about the joys of commitment and our families and the weather and how good it felt to be here. It was amazing to realize that each of us in that vast crowd had a story to tell if we would take the time to listen. And we cheered for Edie Windsor and her legal team when she emerged from the SCOTUS building. By that time we were happily ensconced indoors watching her on TV.
Advocates for the freedom to marry often say that this movement is a marathon, not a sprint. Rhode Island is a case in point. Marriage bills have been filed every session since the late 1990’s, yet Little Rhodey is the only one of our New England neighbors that has not opened marriage to same-sex couples.
But this could be the year when loving, committed same-sex couples finally win the opportunity to say “I do.” Not in nearby Swansea or South Attleboro, Mass. or Pawcatuck, Conn., but in the state they call home. Rhode Islanders United for Marriage, a coalition of which GLAD is a part, is running a stellar campaign, thanks to dedicated local leadership and experienced veterans of other New England marriage campaigns. The House has already passed the marriage bill. Gov. Lincoln Chafee has pledged to sign it. Now, it just needs to pass the Senate, a more conservative body, but nonetheless where we have steadily built support.
GLAD has great news for transgender people who may benefit from claiming a tax deduction for medical treatment The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) determines the types of medical treatment that may qualify for a medical deduction on a person’s federal income tax. Even though the American Psychiatric Association in its Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) identified a medical condition (called “gender identity disorder (GID)” in its fourth edition, now called “gender dysphoria” in its fifth edition that will be released this May), until 2010 the IRS considered most treatment for GID to be cosmetic and, therefore, not eligible to be claimed as a medical deduction.
But this changed in 2010, when GLAD won the O’Donnabhain case in federal Tax Court. As a result of this victory, the IRS now considers GID a medical condition, and therefore the expenses related to the treatment of GID may be claimed as a medical deduction. As it does with any medical deduction, the IRS requires medical documentation that the treatment you received was appropriate for your specific diagnosis.
If you have had medical expenses for the treatment of GID in previous tax years, the IRS allows you to file an amended return for up to three years from the date of your original filing. This means that in most cases, you still have until April 15, 2013 to file amended returns for the 2011, 2010 or 2009 tax years.
In addition to taking a medical deduction on your income tax, you may be able to get reimbursed for expenses related to your medical care if you have a consumer-directed health plan such as an FSA, HSA, MSA or HRA, because these plans use the IRS code to determine allowable medical expenses.
GLAD strongly recommends that you consult with a tax professional about the best course of action for your particular case and that you have sufficient medical documentation for any expense you are claiming.
If you have any questions about this, or any other LGBTQ/HIV legal issue, please contact GLAD’s Legal InfoLine at 800-455-GLAD (4523) or at www.glad.org/rights/infoline-contact. This is a free, confidential service where you can receive information and resources tailored to your individual needs from a highly trained volunteer.
Do you sometimes feel ravenous, even though you just polished off a tasty lunch, a full dinner, or a midnight snack? Some food ingredients can trick our bodies into not recognizing when we’re full, causing “rebound hunger” that can add inches to our waistlines. But these simple tweaks from the authors of The New American Diet can help quiet your cravings.
Sodas, iced teas, and other sweetened beverages are our biggest source of high-fructose corn syrup—accounting for about two-thirds of our annual intake. New research from the University of California at San Francisco indicates that fructose can trick our brains into craving more food, even when we’re full. It works by impeding the body’s ability to use leptin, the “satiation hormone” that tells us when we’ve had enough to eat.
Many canned foods are high in the chemical bisphenol-A, or BPA, which the Food and Drug Administration recently stated was a chemical “of some concern.” Exposure to BPA can cause abnormal surges in leptin that, according to Harvard University researchers, leads to food cravings and obesity.
After following 6,764 healthy people for almost 4 years, researchers found that those who ate just 300 calories for breakfast gained almost twice as much weight as those who ate 500 calories or more for breakfast. The reason: Eating a big breakfast makes for smaller rises in blood sugar and insulin throughout the day, meaning fewer sudden food cravings.
Most Americans don’t eat enough leafy greens, which are rich in the essential B-vitamin folate and help protect against depression, fatigue, and weight gain. In one study, dieters with the highest levels of folate in their bodies lost 8.5 times as much weight as those with the lowest levels. Leafy greens are also high in vitamin K, another insulin-regulating nutrient that helps quash cravings. Best sources: Romaine lettuce, spinach, collard greens, radicchio.
According to a study in the Journal of the American College of Nutrition, people who drank one cup of black tea after eating high-carb foods decreased their blood-sugar levels by 10 percent for 2 and a half hours after the meal, which means they stayed full longer and had fewer food cravings. Researchers credit the polyphenolic compounds in black tea for suppressing rebound hunger.
Dehydration often mimics the feeling of hunger. If you’ve just eaten and still feel hungry, drink a glass of water before eating more, and see if your desires don’t diminish.
Researchers at Flinders University in Australia found that visual distractions can help curb cravings. To test yourself, envision a huge, sizzling steak. If you’re truly hungry, the steak will seem appealing. But if that doesn’t seem tempting, chances are you’re in need of a distraction, not another meal.
1. Wheatgrass juice is 70% chlorophyll. 2. Chlorophyll is the first product of light and, therefore, contains more light energ...
The horned melon also called African horned cucumber or melon kiwano. It is a one of the cucumber and melon family. Southeastern Uni...
DESCRIPTION The pepino is related to the solanaceae family, that includes potato, aubergine and other products. Pepino is nati...
When's the last time you kicked off your shoes and reveled in the feeling of the Earth under your feet? Been awhile? It may s...
Hey Happy-Eaters, After the great Tandoori and Goda Masala in my HOMEMADE RECIPES FEST now its time for the most… yes,...
Hey all, Hope everyone is cooking awesome and getting ready for another festival coming up. So as we all knows the list of the f...
Hey Happy-Eaters, Here I am back with some most request Indian spices mix recipe which you can use frequently. And in t...
Hey all, So now time to share some recipe which I have shared by pic but still didn’t post the actual recipe. Here we Punjabi...
Oil pulling is an ancient Ayurvedic remedy for oral health and detoxification. It involves the use of pure oils as agents for pulling...
Brushing, flossing and avoiding certain foods can keep your teeth and gums healthy. Did you know that certain foods are actually go...
I was so much busy in my HOMEMADE RECIPES FEST and just forgot that DIWALI is just 1 day away now and still I have not prepared any sweet. Why not try something new again for this Diwali to make it healthy, not scary for people who run away with the name of sweets. Yes, you have read right… I am talking about a Healthy Sweet Recipe with just 3 main ingredients… 1 fruit, 1 vegetable and 1 ??? that’s the Secret Healthy Ingredient, you’ll get to know in few seconds now. Here comes…
Heat apples with 2 tsp. sugar in a deep pan till sugar dissolves and apple become soft (like caramelizing apples). Let it cool.
Now make puree of soft apple pieces and put back in same pan with 2tsp. sugar, mix well and cook on high heat.
Add Oats flour and mix well, with no lumps. Cook on high heat till it start drying, approx. 2 minutes. Now keep it aside to get cool.
Now pull up cling film softly and cover the carrot mixture with the left part of spreaded apple mixture. Keep it in fridge for minimum 2 hours to get set.
Its easy, simple and fastest Diwali Sweet Recipe, you can make anytime, even now just in few minutes. You can add dry fruits as per your choice, my version is just experimental so I have keep it simple.
Ian Levine is one of those shy but assured “next-door” Midwestern boys, the quiet ones that you never know what they’re really thinking. Luckily, Ian agreed to open his mouth and little boy hole for Helix Studios and what followed was pretty naughty and revealing:
You seem really sweet & quiet in your Helix scenes. How loud do you get with your bf? 🙂 I’m about the same in bed with the bf but with the experience I’m starting to get gradually louder 🙂
Do you prefer to have a guy cum down your throat or up your ass? Throat. I like to see it, watching a guy cum is really hot!
Do you prefer to bttm or top on cam? Is that different than in a real relationship? I like both on and off camera
What sexual position do you like the most when you’re bottoming? When you’re topping? I like to be on my back when I bottom and doggy when I top
You & Thor have been having some hot 3ways lately! What’s that like? How do you start them off? They’re pretty hot!!!! They usually start by either kissing or when one of us decides to take our clothes off
How do you & Thor come to an agreement on a third partner if he likes twinks & you like jocks? When it comes to threesomes he likes jocks to top me. 😉
What was it like when you shot that DP scene with Kyle Ross & Jessie Montgomery? It was kinda awkward
What was going through your mind during your first porn scene (non-solo)? “Whoa…. Uh… Don’t pass out…” Lol
How do you have sex on camera? It’s kinda scary, right? No not at all! I just tune out everything else 😛