More 1972 alumni from Hathaway HS have posted profiles on Classmates.com®. Click here to register for free at Classmates.com® and view other 1972 alumni.
The students that went to school at the Jennings high school called Hathaway High School and graduated in '72 are on this page. Register to add your name to the class of 1972 graduates list.
You can also find out what other graduates are doing now, share memories with other alumn, upload pictures from Hathaway and find other alumni.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Hathaway High School	of Jennings, Louisiana
Posted in For Actors & Actresses, For Singers, Pronunciation Tips, Regional accents of English | 2 Comments »
“As if I see your religion agitating in its blood and then no one will restore it as it has been before except a man from us Ahlul Bayt. He will give you two gifts a year and two livelihoods a month. You will be granted with wisdom at his time until a woman can judge with the Book of Allah and the Sunna of the Prophet (S) in her house.”63
(31) Abdul Wahid bin Abdullah narrated from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Rabah from Muhammad bin al-Abbas bin Eessa from al-Hasan bin Ali al-Bata’ini from his father from al-Mufadhdhal that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said:
“The man of this matter will have a house called the house of al-Hamd (the praise). It will have a lamp shining and without being put 0ut since his birthday until the day when he will rise with the sword.”64
(32) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from Ali bin al-Hasan at-Taymali from his father65 from al-Hasan bin Ali bin Yousuf and Muhammad bin Ali al-Kufi from Sa’dan bin Muslim from some of his companions that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said:
“While a man is behind al-Qa'im (as) ordering and forbidding, he (al-Qa'im) will say: Turn him! They turn him to be before al-Qa'im (as), who will order to kill him. Then everything in the world will fear him.”66
You’ve waited all summer for this but now it’s finally here again — the sports season trifecta. That’s right, football season, post-season baseball, the return of hockey and new professional and college basketball seasons on the horizon are all happening at once. It’s a sports-lover’s dream and for you there’s no better way to spend the upcoming weekends than at home watching your favorite team play. But is the environment in which you and your friends enjoy the game up to the level of the event itself? If it isn’t, consider these five tips to up your in-home game-day experience this year:
Chairs around the television set is amateur stuff. This year give your home that true game-day feel by setting up designated seating for your friends based on team affiliation. You can also build a simple stage to create a stadium seating environment, perfect for rooms that are deeper than they are wide. Add plenty of table space to place food and drinks and your viewing room will be perfectly suited for game day.
Watching games at home is hotter than ever because of the experience a top television provides. If you don’t have one, then make a new TV your first round pick this year. The LG 2018 OLED TV lineup features sophisticated designs and super brain power to complement its stunning picture quality. With an Alpha 9 intelligent processor — LG’s most powerful ever — LG’s OLED AI provides true-to-life images coupled with rich colors, sharpness and depth. Even more, these TVs are smart! They have LG’s ThinQ technology, Google Assistant built right in and are also compatible with Amazon Alexa so you can use voice commands to control TV functions, search for content or tap other connected devices like lights, robovacs and a lot more all from the comfort of your couch.
Don’t want to wait for the ticker to get updated on other game scores? Ask the TV and it will update you immediately without you missing a second of your game. The LG Super UHD lineup also offers some of the best televisions available with screen sizes from 49 to a stunning 86 inches and superior viewing angles for your ticket to the best seat away from the game.
Having tables ready to hold food is a great first step but now what food will you place on them? Instead of game-day mainstays this year, opt for healthier choices that don’t sacrifice on taste. Bake your chicken wings instead of frying them and enjoy potato skins made with sweet potatoes instead of conventional ones. Subtle choices like these will allow you to enjoy all the game-day staples in a healthy, delicious fashion.
A little multi-tasking on game day can be fun. If you play in a fantasy league you’re probably already invested in the performance of certain players, but you can make the entire game more interesting by challenging your friends to guess the score at the end of each quarter or challenge your friends to competitions based on team stats that you all can follow throughout the game.
Halftime, the 7th inning stretch, and the break between periods is normally downtime, so put a little excitement into it. Plan a mini game to take place during halftime, get new food from the kitchen or simply go outside and throw a football around for a while. Any of these activities will keep you in the spirit of the game and get you ready to go for the second half.
To learn more about how LG’s 2018 OLED TV lineup can reinvent your sports viewing experience, visit lg.com.
The crossovers are on the boom, folks! Every now and then, they multiply, slowly taking over the globe as the daily commuter choice of the masses. And for a reason too. As the love child of SUVs and passenger-cars, it offers features that people haven’t seen since the conception of automobiles: comfortable driving dynamics mixed with cross-country abilities that pure-bred SUVs are well-known for.
Seeing this phenomenon, almost every major manufacturers now include crossovers in their line up, even the luxurious ones! Making that slice of a pie really contested. Thanks to the possibility of using existing car platforms as the base for the crossover, manufacturers quickly developed an offering of their own, widening the choices for every prospective car buyers. And today’s featured car has nothing short on that.
Slotted between the Q3 and the Q7, the A4-derived Q5 is targeted for those wanting something right-in-the-middle. Boasting Audi’s heritage, the car competes with the likes of BMW’s X3 and MB’s GLC. A wide choice of engine, Audi’s signature Quattro, and pampering luxury are among what’s hidden underneath the Q5. Plus, it’s medium-sized too, great for some long day-trips with the entire family.
Quite a tricked-out Q5 today’s featured ride has become. Rotiform LHR wheels, Bilstein-x-KW suspension, and front camber adjustable arms were the set of footwork-mods owner has installed. Essentially elevating the car’s ‘hip’ status even further! Large 22″ wheels, fitted-look, with all the comfort of a regular sedan. Simply perfect for daily drives.
In case you haven't heard, I've been asked to be one of the beat writers over at 10,000 Birds! I'll be covering topics mostly around NJ and butterflies, not necessarily mutually exclusive topics. I'm humbled to be part of the great company of writers that Mike, Corey, and Charlie have assembled. Look for my first post this Thursday.
Your Not Paronoid, I think I see half an Owls Face in that Tree under nest of Pic u posted,, really , and ive only had 2 Beers Pat. BTW, onto this site because I truly believe I saw a Great Horned Owl on Staten Island Super Bowl Sunday! I'm 52 and have lived on Island whole life and am keen to Nature. It was Huge! Siloueted by Moon. Flew over me and Perched on a Branch in Blue Heron Pond Park Wow. Anyone here I talk to, who knows about Birds,,, says im full of it , I know what i saw and it was Great! joe Brennan, FDNY
Hi Joe - I absolutely do not doubt that's what you saw. Great Horned Owls are one of our more common owls and are especially active this time of year while they are nesting or getting ready to nest. Your description sounds great, so I don't think you're crazy. Thanks for stopping by and thanks for your service for the FDNY.
Live in NJ, work the Corporate life by day, try to be an amateur naturalist the rest of the time. I currently volunteer as an Associate Naturalist for the NJ Audubon Society.
(33) Ali bin Ahmad al-Bandaneeji narrated from Obaydillah bin Musa al-Alawi from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Khalid from his father from Sa’dan bin Muslim from Hisham bin Salim that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said:
“As a man is behind al-Qa'im ordering and forbidding, he (al-Qa'im) will order that he is to be killed. Then everything in the world will fear him.”67
Santa Clarita journalist, Grammy nominee, award-winning radio producer, award-winning online editor, veteran writer-producer-talent for print, radio, TV and the Web. See the About section at stephenkpeeples.com.
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (1) September 2018 (1) July 2018 (1) April 2018 (1) February 2018 (1) January 2018 (1) November 2017 (3) October 2017 (1) September 2017 (2) August 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (6) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (1) February 2017 (4) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (2) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (4) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (2) May 2016 (2) April 2016 (1) March 2016 (1) December 2015 (2) November 2015 (2) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (2) June 2015 (1) February 2015 (1) October 2014 (1) August 2014 (4) June 2014 (3) March 2014 (3) February 2014 (4) January 2014 (1) October 2013 (2) July 2013 (1) June 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (1) March 2013 (2) February 2013 (1) January 2013 (11) October 2012 (2) September 2012 (1) August 2012 (3) June 2012 (6) May 2012 (2) April 2012 (3) March 2012 (2) February 2012 (2) December 2011 (1) September 2011 (1) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (2)
Photos of yesterday’s conference organised by King’s College, London & Balfour Project: 1st May 2018.
Speakers included Sir Vincent Fean (former British Counsel-General, Jerusalem), Alon Liel (former Director-General, Israeli Foreign Ministry), Ghada Karmi (Palestinian doctor, writer, Research Fellow, Exeter University), Peter Shambrook (British historian specialising in the Middle East), Leila Sansour (Palestinian film maker based in Bethlehem) and Menachem Klein Department of Political Science, Bar-Ilan University, Israel and Visiting Professor, Kings College Middle East Studies Department).
This entry was posted in Balfour, Human Rights, Israel, Middle East, Palestine, Peacemaker Trust on May 2, 2018 by Stephen Sizer.
Cursed Victory: A History of Israel and the Occupied Territories by Ahron Bregman: a Summary by Colin Chapman
Archives Select Month October 2018 (2) September 2018 (1) August 2018 (9) July 2018 (6) June 2018 (4) May 2018 (7) April 2018 (9) March 2018 (4) February 2018 (2) January 2018 (1) December 2017 (3) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (3) August 2017 (2) July 2017 (3) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (5) March 2017 (1) February 2017 (9) January 2017 (5) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (3) September 2016 (3) August 2016 (6) July 2016 (4) June 2016 (7) May 2016 (6) April 2016 (7) March 2016 (8) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (7) November 2015 (8) October 2015 (6) September 2015 (3) August 2015 (6) July 2015 (3) June 2015 (2) May 2015 (3) April 2015 (3) March 2015 (4) February 2015 (5) January 2015 (3) December 2014 (3) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (6) September 2014 (6) August 2014 (6) July 2014 (5) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (7) April 2014 (7) March 2014 (6) February 2014 (8) January 2014 (7) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (3) October 2013 (8) September 2013 (8) August 2013 (3) July 2013 (6) June 2013 (10) May 2013 (11) April 2013 (12) March 2013 (12) February 2013 (5) January 2013 (4) December 2012 (6) November 2012 (9) October 2012 (6) September 2012 (6) August 2012 (3) July 2012 (4) June 2012 (7) May 2012 (4) April 2012 (10) March 2012 (7) February 2012 (6) January 2012 (9) December 2011 (6) November 2011 (6) October 2011 (3) September 2011 (10) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (7) June 2011 (4) May 2011 (6) April 2011 (11) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (6) January 2011 (4) December 2010 (7) November 2010 (17) October 2010 (9) September 2010 (8) August 2010 (5) July 2010 (4) June 2010 (9) May 2010 (7) April 2010 (2) March 2010 (9) February 2010 (8) January 2010 (4) December 2009 (4) November 2009 (6) October 2009 (12) September 2009 (7) August 2009 (7) July 2009 (6) June 2009 (9) May 2009 (12) April 2009 (7) March 2009 (17) February 2009 (6) January 2009 (7) December 2008 (19) November 2008 (35) October 2008 (12)
A couple of days ago, I got the urge to go vintage shopping. I arranged to spend the day with my mom today & that's what we planned to do - go to every thrift shop, antique shop, & second hand store we could in one day. What a fun day we had!!
We started out at Value Village & the Salvation Army thrift store. We found a few little goodies. Then we moved on to the big dogs.
We headed to Creekside Country & Antiques. What a charming little shop! Here's a few tidbits from our visit:
Then we went hard core antiquing. You know the kind... dusty, piles of collectables, the places you have to hunt to find the little treasures you didn't know you wanted until they leap out at you.
We stopped at Calories for lunch & ate light so we'd have room for dessert. We were at CALORIES after all!
Funny side story: Mom & I had decided what we wanted for dessert & when we told our server he calmly said, "Disappointing choices, ladies." To which we started laughing & asked him what he suggested. The above were his suggestions. Mom had the carrot cake & I had the toffee cheesecake. They were both fabulous!
After fortifying ourselves with desserts, we marched on. This next store was my favourite, even though I didn't buy anything. It was a feast for the eyes!
This guy's prices were quite high. I'd like to barter with him to see if he would be willing to bring them down to the reasonable category. His store is PACKED with goodies. Don't go if you're in a rush. You need time to appreciate this place.
My mom was tickled to find something she already owned. Guess how much SHE payed for hers?? Hint: it starts with 50 & ends with cents. Let's hear it for garage sales!!
I will definitely be going "thrifting" more often. I love the history of the objects I see. Wondering where they came from... Who's houses did they decorate?... Who bought this brand new? And I love the eclectic look the items add to my decor.
how fun. i liked those tuquoise chairs too. i always find myself looking at things from the point of view as to how i could use it in the shop to display items. old suitcases would work well to display stffed animals, blankets, toys, anything really.
James saw the turquoise stools & said, "Oh cool! How much were those?" I honestly didn't even check because I knew I didn't have a place for them in this house... and I was a little scared to find out how high the price was.
How much fun! I really like the suitcases and radios! We have an antique radio that was my hubby's grandparents for their wedding gift! It's so pretty! What a great time you must've had!
What a fun post. this is my first time on your blog and I am loving what I see! I love "treasure hunting." And this trip didn't cost me anything!
Hi! I'm Stephanie & I'm a stay-at-home mom blogging to journal all the wonderful things that homemaking entails. Family, cooking, baking, DIY projects, crafting, decorating, gardening, scrapbooking... I love Jesus, my family, chai tea lattes, laughing with friends, & Instagram. Thanks for joining me in the journey!
Joe Cocker, the British singer best known for his cover of The Beatles' With A Little Help From My Friends, has died at age 70.
John Robert "Joe" Cocker rose to fame as a singer with his 1968 recording of the Beatles song "With a Little Help From My Friends," which he also sang live at Woodstock in 1969. More recently, his version also became the theme song for the TV series The Wonder Years.
In 1975, he had another hit with "You Are So Beautiful." In 1983, he won a Grammy for a duet of "Up Where We Belong" with Jennifer Warnes.
Cocker is survived by his wife, Pam Baker, with whom he lived on a ranch in Colorado. The couple did not have children.
Ian McLagan, a keyboardist who rose to fame with the British rock band the Small Faces (later the Faces), has died a day after suffering a massive stroke. He was 69.
With the Small Faces in the 1960s, McLagan performed on tracks such as Lazy Sunday and Itchycoo Park. The band became the Faces when Rod Stewart and Ron Wood joined in 1969.
After the Faces split up in 1975, McLagan worked as a sideman for The Rolling Stones, both in the studio and on tour. He also worked with other greats including Chuck Berry, Bob Dylan and Bruce Springsteen. He released several solo albums, including a 2008 tribute to his Small Faces bandmate Ronnie Lane.
McLagan married Keith Moon's ex-wife, Kim Kerrigan, in 1978, a month after Moon's death. Kerrigan died in a tragic traffic accident near their home in Austin, Texas in 2006. She was 57.
McLagan died of a stroke at the age of 69, at the Brackenridge Hospital in Austin, Texas. At the time of his death, he was preparing to embark on a North American tour, supporting label mate Nick Lowe.
Bobby Keys was the main saxophone player for the Rolling Stones and also played with other notable names in rock including Lynyrd Skynyrd, the Who, Harry Nilsson, Delaney Bramlett, George Harrison, Eric Clapton and Joe Cocker.
As a touring member of the Rolling Stones, Keys played on every album from 1969 until 1974 and from 1980 to his death, and performed on all Stones tours from 1970.
Mickey Champion, a talented blues singer who spent most of her musical career singing in Los Angeles clubs, has died. She was known for her powerful vocals that could fill a room without the use of a microphone.
stage with Billie Holiday in Detroit, Sarah Vaughan in Kansas City, and Dinah Washington, Duke Ellington, T-Bone Walker, Ray Charles and Jackie Wilson, among others, in night spots across the country.
Ralph E. "Riff" West, Jr., was a rock bassist who played with White Witch, Molly Hatchet in the 1980's and Foghat in the early 90s. He passed away after a lengthy illness due to health complications suffered in a car accident.
Jimmy Ruffin, singer of the 1966 Motown classic "What Becomes of the Brokenhearted," has died in a Las Vegas hospital at age 78.
The Mississippi-born Ruffin had a performing career that spanned 50 years, from the 1960s heyday of Motown Records to the digital music era. He was an older brother of David Ruffin, a lead singer of the Temptations, who died of a cocaine overdose in 1991.
Henry "Big Bank Hank" Jackson, a member of the hip-hop group The Sugarhill Gang, died November 11, 2014 of complications from cancer. He was 58.
Rosas played with Neil Young, Joe Walsh, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, Jerry Lee Lewis, Johnny Rivers, Ron Wood, Etta James, and the short-lived reunion of the Buffalo Springfield.
He met Joe Walsh through drummer Joe Vitale in the early 1980s and played on Walsh's 1985 album, The Confessor. Rosas also joined Walsh for a brief stint in Australia as a member of the Creatures from America, a band that also featured Waddy Wachtel on guitar and Richard Harvey on drums.
While playing in Walsh's touring band, Rick met Neil Young at the Farm Aid III benefit held on Sept. 19, 1987 in Lincoln, Nebraska. Young was impressed with the bass player's musical skill as well as his soft-spoken, laid back manner, and invited him to join his new horn-driven big band, the Bluenotes.
Wayne Richard Wells, known professionally as Wayne Static, was best known as the lead vocalist, guitarist, keyboardist and music sequencer for metal band Static-X. He released his only solo studio album, Pighammer, on October 4, 2011.
Static died in his sleep on November 1, 2014 three days before his 49th birthday. He left behind a widow, former pornographic actress Tera Wray.
John Symon Asher "Jack" Bruce was a Scottish musician and composer, known primarily as a member of the British rock trio Cream.
Raphael Ravenscroft, who performed the saxophone solo on the Gerry Rafferty's 1978 hit song Baker Street, has died of a suspected heart attack.
Reportedly, Ravenscroft was only paid £27 for the Baker Street session with a check that bounced, while the song is said to have earned Rafferty £80,000 a year in royalties. In a radio interview in 2011, Ravenscroft said the song annoyed him. "I'm irritated because it's out of tune," he said. "Yeah, it's flat. By enough of a degree that it irritates me at best."
He also played saxophone on tracks by Pink Floyd, America, Kim Carnes, Robert Plant and Marvin Gaye.
Isaiah "Ikey" Owens, keyboardist in Jack White's touring band, was found dead in a Mexican hotel room. Owens had been touring with White since 2012. He was also a member of rock band The Mars Volta and worked with other bands in the Long Beach, California music scene.
Revere was the leader of the early rock band "Paul Revere and the Raiders." The band formed in the late 1950s in Idaho. Their first taste of fame was the 1963 hit "Louie Louie." Other notable songs include "Indian Reservation" and "Kicks."
Joe Sample, pianist of the Jazz Crusaders, has died in his hometown of Houston at the age of 75 years. He suffered with complications from mesothelioma lung disease.
Simone Battle was a singer and finalist on TV's The X Factor in 2011 and a member of the pop group G.R.L.
In August 2012, Simone Battle was offered a part in the new lineup of The Pussycat Dolls. Robin Antin later announced that the group would continue as the "next generation" under the new name G.R.L.
Battle was found dead at her West Hollywood home on September 5, 2014. Her death has been ruled a suicide by hanging.
Jimmy Wayne "Jimi" Jamison, the lead vocalist for rock bands Survivor and Cobra, has died at the age of 63.
Survivor is known for the "Rocky III" theme song "Eye of the Tiger," released two years before Jamison joined the band. The band's original singer, Dave Bickler, left the group after polyps were found on his vocal chords. Jamison's first album with Survivor was "Vital Signs," which went platinum and spawned the hit singles "I Can't Hold Back," "High on You" and "The Search Is Over".
Jimi Jamison sang backup vocals for recordings by ZZ Top, Krokus, Jeff Healy Band, and numerous others. He was also the voice and co-writer of "I'm Always Here," the theme song for TV's Baywatch.
Glenn Cornick, the original bass player in the rock band Jethro Tull, died of congestive heart failure at his home in Hilo, Hawaii.
Cornick played on the first three Jethro Tull albums: This Was (1968), Stand Up (1969) and Benefit (1970) before being fired from the group. In 1971, he founded his own band, Wild Turkey. He also played in the German band Karthago, and with Bob Welch's band Paris.
Ralph Morman, the singer best known as a frontman for the Joe Perry Project and Savoy Brown, has died at the age of 65 following a long illness.
Tim 'Rawbiz' Williams, a prolific session bassist, drummer and producer whose recent work included playing bass in Suicidal Tendencies, has died.
Williams worked with many A-list stars including Toni Braxton, Boyz II Men, and Keyshia Cole. He joined Suicidal Tendencies in time to appear on the group's 2013 album, '13.'
Billy Rath, the bassist best known as a member of the New York-based punk band Johnny Thunders and the Heartbreakers, has passed away at the age of 66 after battling a long illness.
Rick Parashar was an American record producer. He and his brother Raj founded and built London Bridge Studio in Seattle, WA, in 1985. Aside from composing and performing his own music, he also worked with and developed many local Seattle artists, including Alice In Chains, Litfiba, Pearl Jam, Brandi Carlile and My Goodness.
Rod de'Ath, the drummer who played with Irish blues guitar great Rory Gallagher in the early-to-mid-'70s, has died. He was 64.
De'Ath drums on Gallagher's 1973 LP 'Blueprint' and also played on four other albums - 'Tattoo,' 'Irish Tour '74,' 'Against the Grain' and 'Calling Card' - before leaving the band.
His music career ended the mid-'80s when he was involved in a severe accident while running to catch a train. He lost one eye and suffered brain damage. He later made a good recovery, but never drummed professionally again.
De'Ath is the third former Gallagher sideman to pass away in recent years. Keyboardist Lou Martin died in 2012. Eric Kitteringham, who was the bassist in Gallagher's early band Taste, died of cancer in 2013.
Richard Allen "Dick" Wagner was an American rock guitarist best known for his work with Alice Cooper, Lou Reed, and KISS. He also fronted his own Michigan-based bands, the Frost and the Bossmen.
Wagner played on early Alice Cooper albums, but didn't become an official member until the 1974 breakup of the original Alice Cooper band. He became Alice Cooper's principal co-writer, lead guitarist and band director. With Cooper, Wagner rewrote an early song of his called "Only Women Bleed." The song was featured on the album and movie "Welcome to My Nightmare" and became a classic Cooper hit.
In 2007, Wagner suffered a massive heart attack and stroke. After arriving DOA at a Scottsdale hospital, he spent two weeks in a coma, awakening with a paralyzed left arm. While recovering, Wagner continued to write songs and began writing his memoirs. Released in 2012, his memoir 'Not Only Women Bleed, Vignettes from the Heart of a Rock Musician' chronicled his life.
Wagner bounced back after a long series of health difficulties, but died of respiratory failure while in intensive care. He had developed a lung infection while in the hospital following surgery to unblock an artery.
Thomas Erdelyi (born Erdélyi Tamás, better known by his stage name Tommy Ramone), was an original member of the seminal punk-rock band The Ramones. He later worked as a music producer.
The Ramones formed in New York City in 1974. The lineup consisted of Tommy on drums, singer Joey Ramone, bassist Dee Dee Ramone and guitarist Johnny Ramone. The band influenced a generation of rockers, and their hit songs "I Wanna Be Sedated" and "Blitzkrieg Bop" (among others) earned them a 2002 induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
Tommy Ramone was the last surviving member of the original Ramones quartet. He was preceded in death by bandmates Dee Dee Ramone, Johnny Ramone and Joey Ramone.
Bassist Charlie Haden performed with dozens of jazz greats, including Ornette Coleman, Keith Jarrett, John Coltrane and Pat Metheny. He also made important contributions to recordings by non-jazz artists such as Elvis Costello, Beck, James Cotton, Ringo Starr, k.d. lang, John Lennon and Yoko Ono (on their landmark 1970 album, Plastic Ono Band), Rickie Lee Jones, Bruce Hornsby, bluegrass champion Ricky Skaggs and actor/musician Jack Black, Haden's son-in-law.
John Spinks was the guitarist and songwriter for The Outfield. The British band's 1985 debut album, Play Deep sold over 3 million copies on the strength of its biggest hit single, "Your Love." The song was featured in heavy rotation in the early years of MTV.
Hank LoConti, the founder of the legendary Cleveland music venue the Agora, has died at the age of 85. According to the Plain Dealer, LoConti had been fighting lymphoma.
The Agora hosted many of the great classic rock bands on their way up. Notable shows include Bad Company, Bruce Springsteen, Grand Funk Railroad, and Pat Benatar. In the late 1970's, The Agora expanded into a nationwide chain. One outlet was Alex Cooley's Electric Ballroom in Atlanta.
Paul Horn was a new-age jazz flutist and session player. After establishing his career in Los Angeles on flute, clarinet, and saxophone, he played on the Duke Ellington Orchestra's Suite Thursday and worked with Nat King Cole, Tony Bennett and others.
Horn studied Transcendental Meditation (TM) with its creator, Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, in India when the Beatles arrived to do the same in 1968. He later helped popularize TM in the United States.
He is best remembered as a new-age flutist. His classic new age, on-location recordings include Inside the Taj Mahal, Inside the Great Pyramid, and Inside the Cathedral.
Bobby Womack was an American singer-songwriter and R&B musician. Womack wrote The Rolling Stones' first UK No. 1 hit, "It's All Over Now."
Gerry Goffin was an important American songwriter. With his first wife, Carole King, they formed a songwriting team that wrote seven Billboard Hot 100 chart-toppers, and a total of 59 Top 40 hits. Goffin wrote lyrics for classic songs such as Will You Love Me Tomorrow (The Shirelles), The Loco Motion (Little Eva), You Make Me Feel Like A Natural Woman and Up On the Roof.
Kemal Amin Kasem, better known as Casey Kasem, was the host of American Top 40, a popular radio music countdown program, from 1970 until his retirement in 2009. As a voice actor, he was the voice of "Shaggy" Rogers in the Scooby-Doo series.
James Alan Shelton was an American bluegrass guitarist. Shelton released 10 albums as a solo musician, but may be best remembered as a member of Ralph Stanley's band, The Clinch Mountain Boys.
Prince Rupert Loewenstein ("Rupie the groupie") was the financial manager of The Rolling Stones from 1968 until 2007. Loewenstein is credited with transforming the Stones into a "global brand and one of the world's richest bands."
In 2013, Loewenstein published his autobiography, A Prince Among the Stones: That Business with The Rolling Stones and Other Adventures (Bloomsbury, London), which disclosed details of the band's financial arrangements. Jagger was not pleased and was reported to have said: "Call me old-fashioned, but I don't think your ex-bank manager should be discussing your financial dealings and personal information in public."
Born Genaro Louis Vitaliano, Vale started performing in New York supper clubs as a teenager. His rendition of "Volare," ''Innamorata" and "Al Di La" became classic Italian-American songs. He recorded more than 50 albums; his biggest hit was "You Don't Know Me."
As an actor, he appeared as himself in the movies "Goodfellas," "Casino" and the TV series "The Sopranos."
Surrealist artist H.R. Giger has died after a fall at his Swiss home. His artwork typically was of macabre scenes of humans and machines fused into hellish hybrids, such as his work of the creature in Ridley Scott's sci-fi horror classic "Alien."
Giger's artwork also appeared in Rock 'n' Roll, most notably as the cover of Brain Salad Surgery, a 1973 album by the rock band Emerson, Lake and Palmer. The cover features a human skull encased in a machine. He also designed art for Debbie Harry's solo album, Koo Koo (1981).
Jeff Plewman, the Toronto electric violinist and experimental musician who performed as Nash the Slash, has died at age 66.
Nash the Slash was known for his stage wardrobe of wrapping his face in bandages, wearing sunglasses and a top hat. He also founded the charting progressive rock band FM in 1976.
Ed Gagliardi, original bassist with 70's rockers Foreigner, passed away at the age of 62 after an eight-year battle with cancer. He performed on Foreigner's first two albums, which included the Top 10 singles 'Feels Like the First Time,' 'Cold As Ice,' 'Double Vision' and 'Hot Blooded.'
Jerry LaCroix was singer and saxophonist whose work included stints with Edgar Winter's White Trash, Blood, Sweat & Tears, and Rare Earth. He died from complications related to congestive heart failure.
Paul Goddard, founding member and bass player Southern rock band the Atlanta Rhythm Section, has died of cancer in Atlanta.
Goddard performed on such ARS hits as "So Into You," "Imaginary Lover," "I'm Not Gonna Let It Bother Me Tonight," "Do It or Die" and a remake of the Classics IV's "Spooky."
Several members of ARS have died in recent years: R.J. Vealey died in 1999, Ronnie Hammond died in 2011 and Robert Nix died in 2012.
Rubin "Hurricane" Carter, the boxer whose wrongful murder conviction inspired Bob Dylan, has died at age 76.
Carter spent 19 years in prison for three murders at a tavern in Paterson, New Jersey, in 1966. He was convicted in 1967 and again in a new trial in 1976.
Carter was freed in November 1985 when his convictions were set aside after years of appeals and public advocacy.
The alleged racial motivations of his conviction were publicized in Bob Dylan's 1975 song "Hurricane," a song Dylan played on virtually every date of his 1975 Rolling Thunder tour.
Hurricane was also the subject of several books and a 1999 film starring Denzel Washington, who received an Academy Award nomination for playing the boxer turned prisoner.
The Michael Franti and Spearhead song "Love'll Set Me Free" from 2001's album Stay Human is also about Carter. The song's lyrics also include a paraphrased quotation from the Carter trials: "I ain't tryin' to appeal to just your mind/Just little part of your humanity." The words "Love like a Hurricane" in its lyrics also refer to Carter.
Folksinger Jesse Winchester died on the morning of April 11, 2014, at his home in Charlottesville, Virginia at age 69.
Winchester was born in Bossier City, Louisiana, but moved to Canada in 1967 to avoid being drafted into the Vietnam War.
His first break into the music business occurred when a demo tape he recorded in Ottawa in 1969 made its way to Robbie Robertson, leader of The Band, whose manager, Albert Grossman, released Winchester's debut album on his Bearsville label in 1970. Robertson produced the record and his fellow Band-mate Levon Helm played drums and mandolin on the record.
In 1977, after U.S. president Jimmy Carter declared amnesty for draft resisters, Winchester began touring in the United States, increasing his following as a songwriter's songwriter.
Winchester's songs have been covered by such artists as the Everly Brothers, James Taylor, Allen Toussaint, Emmylou Harris, Wilson Pickett, Joan Baez, the Walker Brothers, and Lyle Lovett. Some of his best-loved songs include "Yankee Lady," "Biloxi," "The Brand New Tennessee Waltz" and "Mississippi, You're On My Mind."
Winchester's final CD, A Reasonable Amount of Trouble, was released in September 2014, with liner notes by his friend Jimmy Buffett.
Peaches Geldof, daughter of concert organizer Bob Geldof who filled the pages of British tabloids with her wild antics, has died at age 25 at her home southeast of London. She died of a heroin overdose after relapsing into use of the illegal drug following attempts to give it up.
Peaches married twice. Her first marriage was to Max Drummey, an American musician from the band Chester French, at the Little White Wedding Chapel in Las Vegas. On February 7, 2009, the couple announced that they had amicably decided to end their marriage. Her second marriage was to Tom Cohen, a British musician. The couple has two boys.
Her father, Bob Geldof, a former Irish rock star, is best known as the organizer of the 1985 Live Aid concert for Africa and the Live 8 concerts. As an anti-poverty advocate, he long argued that the global financial system is inherently unstable and unfair.
Peaches funeral was held in a church in the Kent village of Davington, near Faversham. It in the same church in which Peaches married musician husband Thomas Cohen in 2012, and also where the funeral was held for her mother, Paula Yates, who died of an accidental heroin overdose in 2000. Among the celebrities in attendance at her funeral were the Duchess of York Sarah Ferguson, former Rolling Stone Bill Wyman, Jo Wood and Pete Briquette (a member of Bob Geldof's band The Boomtown Rats).
Dave Brockie, lead singer of shock rock masters GWAR, has died at age 50 in his Richmond, Virginia apartment.
Gwar formed in 1984 and billed itself as "Earth's only openly extra-terrestrial rock band." Brockie performed as Gwar's frontman under the persona of "Oderus Urungus."
Outside of Gwar, Brockie also performed as a bassist and lead singer of several side projects, including X-Cops and the Dave Brockie Experience.
Joseph Lala joined Blues Image as their drummer in 1966 and played on their 1970 hit song "Ride Captain Ride". He later worked an actor and voice actor. As a drummer, he also worked with Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, Manassas, The Bee Gees, Whitney Houston, Joe Walsh, and many others.
He accumulated 32 Gold Records and 28 Platinum records and played on the movie soundtracks of "Saturday Night Fever," "Staying Alive," "D.C. Cab," "Streets of Fire" and many more.
Scott Asheton, co-founder and drummer for the influential proto-punk band the Stooges, has died. He was 64.
He co-formed the Stooges in 1967 along with his older brother Ron Asheton, Iggy Pop and Dave Alexander.
Jerry Corbitt, a founding member of the Youngbloods and record producer, died at his home in Smiley, Texas of an undisclosed cause.
The Youngbloods were an American folk rock band. Their full lineup consisted of Jesse Colin Young on vocals, bass, Jerry Corbitt on guitar, Lowell ("Banana") Levinger on guitar and electric piano, and Joe Bauer on drums. The band is best remembered for their Top 40 hippy anthem 'Get Together'.
Buren Fowler was the lead guitarist for Atlanta based rock band Drivin' n' Cryin' from 1988 to 1993. He previously toured with R.E.M. as a rhythm guitarist on the 1986-87 tours. He also worked as a guitar technician.
Fowler joined Drivin' n' Cryin' just after the release of their 1988 major label debut, 'Whisper Tames the Lion.' He recorded three albums with the band, leaving after 1993's 'Smoke.'
Bob Casale, guitarist and founding member of Devo, has died from health complications that led to a sudden heart failure. He was only 61.
Fans of the band called him "Bob 2" as he played alongside guitarist Bob Mothersbaugh, the brother of Devo co-founder Mark Mothersbaugh.
Devo was formed at Ohio's Kent State University in the early 1970's. In 1977 Devo were asked by Neil Young to participate in the making of his film Human Highway.
Raymond Louis "Ray" Kennedy was an American singer, songwriter, musician and record producer, based in Los Angeles. He co-wrote "Sail On, Sailor", for The Beach Boys as well as two hits for The Babys: "Everytime I Think of You" and "Isn't It Time".
He later contributed to the music for the 1988 Olympics, opened a studio and toured with Aerosmith and the Michael Schenker Group; he also enjoyed a long professional association with Englebert Humperdinck and worked with Wayne Newton. A brief songwriting partnership with Mick Fleetwood produced 'These Strange Times,' the closing track on Fleetwood Mac's 1995 'Time' album.
Anna Gordy Gaye, older sister of Motown founder Berry Gordy and ex-wife of singer Marvin Gaye, has died at her Los Angeles home at age 92.
She met Marvin Gaye in 1960 and married him three years later. Their turbulent marriage was marked by frequent fighting and infidelity. During the recording of Let's Get It On Marvin Gaye fell in love with 17-year-old Janis Hunter (he later married her). Anna divorced Gaye in 1977, but reconciled in the early 1980s, standing by Marvin's side at the 1983 Grammy Awards.
To pay his divorce settlement with Anna, Marvin Gaye began work on the album Here, My Dear Song titles like "When Did You Stop Loving Me, When Did I Stop Loving You," "I Met a Little Girl," and "You Can Leave, But It's Going to Cost You" told brutally honest stories about their marriage, causing Anna to consider a $5 million invasion-of-privacy suit against Gaye.
Gordy died on January 31, 2014, after years of declining health from heart disease, dementia and diabetes. She was 92.
Pete Seeger, folksinger and great warrior for love, peace, equality, worker's rights and the environment, has lived his lifetime at age 94.
Steven Fromholz, a singer/songwriter from Texas who was once a member of Steven Stills' band Manassas, has died after a freak hunting accident. According to the Dallas News, Fromholz was hunting with his girlfriend at the Flying B Ranch, near Eldorado, Texas, when his rifle slipped out of its case and discharged as it hit the ground.
Fromholz left Manassas in 1971 after a brief tour, and then signed with Michael Nesmith's Countryside music label, recording the album How Long is the Road to Kentucky. The album was never released due to a distribution problem at Elektra records.
In 1976, Willie Nelson recorded the Fromholz song "I'd Have to be Crazy", leading to Fromholz' greatest chart success. The song appears on Willie's album The Sound in Your Mind.
In addition to singing and songwriting, Fromholz dabbled in acting, playwriting, poetry, record producing, narrating, jingle-writing, and whitewater river guiding.
Dennis Hardy "Fergie" Frederiksen, former Toto, Trillion and Le Roux singer died after a years-long battle with cancer. Frederiksen sang on Toto's 1984 Isolation album, which featured the hit single 'Stranger in Town.'
Prior to his time with Toto, Frederiksen appeared on the 1978 debut by progressive rock group Trillion, sang background vocals on Survivor's 1982 hit album Eye of the Tiger, and sang on La Roux's 1983 record So Fired Up, which featured the hit single 'Carrie's Gone.' Back in June of 2010 Frederiksen revealed he had been diagnosed with inoperable cancer. However despite his declining health he managed to record two more solo albums - 2011's Happiness is the Road and 2013's Any Given Moment.
British rock and roller Freddie 'Fingers' Lee (born Frederick John Cheesman) has died at the age 76 years.
Lee was a wild and notorious presence on the UK rock and roll scene. In the early 1960s he joined the Savages, Screaming Lord Sutch's band. Sutch was one of the first rockers to incorporate theatrics into his concerts, long before Arthur Brown or Alice Cooper would do much the same. Lee was the guitarist in the band until a young rocker named Ritchie Blackmore stepped in. Lee then moved over to piano. He played in the house band at The Star Club in Hamburg - where The Beatles cut their teeth - and in the bands of Chuck Berry, Little Richard and Gene Vincent.
Inspired by Jerry Lee Lewis, he developed a flamboyant stage act that on occasion featured him setting fire to a piano and smashing it up with an axe.
Lee was also known as the One-Eyed Boogie Boy, as he lost his right eye at the age of three after being hit with a stray dart thrown by his father.
Saul Zaentz, once owner of Fantasy Records and long-time foe of John Fogerty, has died at the age of 92.
Zaentz purchased Fantasy Records, then primarily a jazz label, in 1967. One of his first new signings was a band that soon became Creedence Clearwater Revival (CCR).
Fantasy Records owned the distribution and publishing rights to the music of CCR. John Fogerty was forced to sign away even more rights in order to extricate himself from the Fantasy contract.
In 1985, Fogerty released his solo comeback album Centerfield which included the songs Zanz Can't Dance and Mr. Greed about his former label boss. Zaentz next sued Fogerty for defamation over the lyrics to Zanz Can't Dance ("Zanz can't dance but he'll steal your money"). Zaentz also tried to claim that the chorus of Fogerty's hit song Old Man Down The Road sounded too similar to his Creedence Clearwater Revival song Run Through The Jungle. The defamation case was settled when Fogerty changed the title of Zanz Can't Dance to Vanz Can't Dance. Zaentz lost the Old Man Down The Road case in a ruling that basically absolved John Fogerty of plagiarizing himself. After an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court, Fogerty was reimbursed his legal fees in the plagiarism case.
Fantasy Records was sold to a consortium led by Norman Lear and merged with Concord Records in 2004.
As a film producer, Saul Zaentz won Academy Awards for "Best Picture" for three movies: One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest (1985), Amadeus (1984) and The English Patient (1996).
Phil Everly, younger brother of Don Everly and one half of the legendary vocal harmony duo The Everly Brothers, has died in California at age 74. He died from complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, after a lifetime of smoking.
The brothers were born into the music business, singing with their parents, country and western singers Margaret and Ike Everly.
Chet Atkins, a family friend, was an early champion of the Everly Brothers and helped to get them signed to Columbia Records in 1956. However, their first and only single for the label, "Keep A' Lovin' Me," was a flop, and they were quickly dropped from Columbia.
The Every Brothers were then signed to Cadence Records. Their first single for Cadence was "Bye Bye Love," written by the husband and wife Felice and Boudleaux Bryant. The song reached #2 and became the Everly Brothers' first million-seller. Continuing to write songs with the Bryants, the duo had further hits with songs like "Wake Up Little Susie," "All I Have to Do Is Dream," "Bird Dog" and "Problems."
By the 1970s, the Everly Brothers were performing in a band that also included legends Warren Zevon and Waddy Wachtel. The band came to a sudden end in 1973, when Phil threw his guitar down and stormed off the stage during a show at Knott's Berry Farm in California. They would reunite 10 years later for occasional shows.
Rolling Stone labeled the Everly Brothers "the most important vocal duo in rock," having influenced the Beatles, the Beach Boys, Simon & Garfunkel and many other acts.
The Everly Brothers were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1986 and received a Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1997.
As a solo artist, Phil wrote "When Will I Be Loved," a 1975 hit for Linda Ronstadt. He also appeared as a club singer in the 1978 movie Clint Eastwood movie Every Which Way but Loose.
John "Jay" Traynor was the original lead singer and co-founder of the 1960's group Jay and the Americans.
Jay and the Americans were produced by Jerry Leiber & Mike Stoller. With Traynor singing, Jay and the Americans had a 1962 hit with "She Cried." The song was later covered by The Shangri-Las, Aerosmith, and others.
After Traynor left the group, other hits for Jay and the Americans followed: "Come a Little Bit Closer" in 1964, which hit #3, and "Cara Mia" in 1965, which hit #4.
On Tuesday, June 14, 2010, I ran a Professional Development Day for staff at the Jackson Area Career Center (JACC). I organized, planned and presented at the PD Day. Below, I will talk about the Process, the Good, the Bad, and the Conclusion.
The idea originated while I was at edCampDetroit back on May 7th. This unconference was an awesome learning tool (the sessions and the format). The format basically showed me the staff at JACC could run their own conference! I just had to organize it! :)
I went to my Principal, Patty Horning. She loved the idea! Patty said she really wants me to start taking a leadership role, and this PD Day is just the idea she was hoping for. After talking with her, I decided to predetermine the sessions, instead of creating the schedule the morning of (as edCamps do). Once the idea of "us helping us" sinks in, and maybe having a PD Day on a larger scale (we only have 33 classroom teachers at JACC), we could follow the edCamp scheduling system, etc.
With my Principal's blessing, I started to create an informational email. When I was almost done composing the email, I realized a screencast video would be much cooler and appropriate. I used Prezi and Camtasia to create the PD Day intro video I sent to staff. Side note: Prezi is way cool but a little awkward and picky. The Paths feature is quite annoying at times. (just my .02). In the email, I also included a Google Docs Form to survey the staff for their wants/needs and to see what they would be willing to present. - a total of 12 staff members submitted the form (out of 33 teachers).
With the survey info, I started to plan the day. I originally had three sessions per time slot. I wanted to cover so many ideas. However, I could only be in one place a time, and there weren't any other educators either knowledgeable or willing to run a session that already weren't. So, I had to put the schedule to two sessions per time slot. This actually worked out very well, since not all staff were present, and we only have 33 teachers to begin with. I decided to put the schedule on Crocodoc, because I wanted to show the staff a web 2.0 tool where the user can annotate documents online -- another reason for (and a way how) to go green and go paperless. As you can see from the schedule on Crocodoc, there were changes, and the annotation ability of Crocodoc made it easy to change the schedule. -- FYI: I still printed them off for those that like paper in their hands -- paperless isn't for everyone, I guess.
Another thing I remembered from edCampDetroit was the sponsors. There were general sponsors that gave away door prizes, and there was the breakfast sponsor. So, I headed out to the big city of Jackson to see who I could get to sponsor this PD Day. I initially stopped at a bakery (chain) to ask them, and they gave me their regional manager's contact info. I then went to a consumer electronics store (chain) and they had me fill out a form and they said they would contact me later. side note: I hit the pavement WAY too close the PD Day date. Many of my "no"s probably resulted because of that. I went to a local restaurant, and their manager was gone for the day. My first actual "YES" came from Buffalo Barbeque Wings!!! I went to another local restaurant, and their manager/owner was gone, too. side note: don't try to get stuff from restaurants on a Monday - apparently, that is the manager's their day off!!! I tried another consumer electronics store (local), and they said "no." Later that night, I went to dinner at an awesome, locally owned restaurant Steaks Eatery, and I asked for donations there... and they said "YES." I still had to find some breakfast food. I didn't want to go to the (chain) place that turned me down earlier. So, I (actually, my wife) went to Meijer (local supermart) to pick up bagels, cream cheese, fruit, water and juice. I also contacted Ric Wiltse with MACUL, and they gave me two complementary memberships.
The day before the PD Day, some workers came into my room to set a new audio/visual projection system. The bad news is that they weren't going to be done until the middle of the following day, as in, PD Day!!! So, I had to move my sessions to another computer lab room.
The day of the Professional Development, I went to school real early to set up the food and drinks. I had to stop off at a gas station for a couple bags of ice for the drinks, etc. When I arrived at school, I scrambled around, trying to find dishes for the fruit in our culinary arts kitchen. Finally, the room was all set and ready to go.
The Opening Session was on Flipping the Classroom Presentation (Google Doc). I know this is a somewhat-controversial topic, but I presented it in a way that made sense for the Career Center. At the Career Center, we teach hands-on skills geared for being job-ready or career-ready. We already teach labs (majority). I thought flipping the class could be used for all of the "stuff" that had added to our curriculums over the past few years (by the state or our administration).
Now for the concurrent sessions. Between the schedule and the resource doc, you can pretty much see what the sessions were all about. They all went well. I talked with people throughout the day, and they said they liked them and learned a lot. One thing I do want to say, and I said to the attendees in my sessions, is that I presented a TON of stuff. It was more of a quick overview as opposed to how-to's. I did this, because I wanted to share as much as possible, but I also knew my audience was people I worked with. Therefore, if they wanted more help/insight/etc, they know where to find me... and it's easy to find me.
Over the next few days, I was approached by many staff members (the principal, main secretary, other teachers, etc.) telling me that they either heard great things about the day or experienced it. It felt great to be thanked and praised by so many of my peers.
The JACC PD DAY concept (us helping us) - I would totally organize another PD Day at our school. I think now that I did this one, staff knows what to expect and might participate even more, etc.
Format - I think the format of asking for input yet creating the schedule ahead of time best fit our needs.
Timing - The PD Day was on the third-to-last day of school (which was also the third day without students). Many staff either already took personal days or needed to work in their classrooms. In the future, I would like the PD Day to held on a day that teachers are required to be there. - Actually, our county has set aside two days this upcoming school year for county-wide PD (not necessarily all together in the same place, but at least at the same time). - If I have my way, we will run a PD Day at JACC again with it open to the whole county.
Asking for donations - I waited way too long for this. Also, I am not really into soliciting for free stuff. If I try this part next time, I might try to delegate this duty. :)
Rooms - We have a PD room in our school that was already booked by an outside school. Next time, I want to plan this so far in advance that we get our own room. Overall, the room situations worked out. If anything, it got people around to other people's classroom that they normally don't visit.
Sessions - Beside the "SmartBoard Showdown," the afternoon sessions were poorly attended. I know the other sessions would have been really good for the staff. I just think since it was the end of the year, it wasn't mandatory, it was after lunch, they've already learned so much, etc., many of the staff just wanted to be in their classrooms. I don't know what would make this better. Maybe the set-aside county-wide PD days next year... or, two half-days... or, better door prizes at the end :)
It was a lot of work, and very well worth it! I think it has started a new way of thinking in our building. I have been approached by a couple other JACC teachers about organizing another PD Day for us and possibly for all of Jackson County. This was a great experience. I plan to continue being a teacher-leader in my school... not only for technology but also with respect to our local PLN.
MACUL - if you are a teacher in (or near) Michigan and haven't attended MACUL's conference, you should!
When you come in through the door, you can wash your hands and legs in the utility sink before going to the kitchen and living room. With utility sink, you can prevent soiling your house.
Personal Info: I am married to my beautiful friend Amanda! Our awesome son Donovan was born May 22nd 2010. We have two dogs - Lola & Cloe.
GFI OneConnect archives your email and protects your network from email borne threats and costly email downtime.
By continuing to browse this site, you give consent for cookies to be used. For more details please read our Cookie Policy
Our assortment of battle video games places you in control as commander-in-chief. Take charge and lead your group into the battlefield straight away, or prepare your troops to prepare for full-scale warfare! Our challenges are available a variety of codecs, from direct, troop-to-troop combating, to turn-based RPG fashion, during which you may plan your assaults and launch weapons at will. Go to battle in prehistoric instances, combat outside on well-known grounds, or even go to struggle in modern occasions; in a number of challenges, you may even control a modern gang and fight rivals in a virtual city!
The know-how is dated, but not central to the story line. A misfit finds something on the net that appears interesting and the government overreacts. Pretty present, nonetheless. The plot does not depend on geek-converse and monkey-clicking that other hacker films rely on and makes them so bad, and misses the end … Read more
Abstraction in painting and photography; the Harlem Renaissance and collaboration between artists and writers; public space and the politics of mural painting; pop art and the appropriation of mass media imagery; the subversion or rejection of the white-walled museum. Coinciding with the opening of the Anderson Collection in the fall of 2014, this seminar considers the expanded field of Abstract Expressionism relative to both domestic and international cultural politics.
L. (African Communities League), and/or Marcus Garvey's organizational activities, and who wish to use the recently deposited papers of Thomas W. The periods and styles of Japanese art history are revealed in our survey of the key monuments and movements of this fascinating culture. I'll have a piece in the FT about it on Saturday. The course will focus on science fiction films that take as a central theme human and nonhuman intelligence and its mediation.
This painting was extremely controversial and by many accounts, started the Modern art movement. Art of Pacific cultures refers to those from the oceanic regions of present day Australia, Melanesia, Micronesia, and Polynesia, including areas as far as Hawaii and Easter Island. Students will need to purchase materials and supplies for this course (costs range from $20 to $200, depending on your paint preferences). She also shepherded the acquisition of the Schiller Collection of American Social Commentary Art, 1930-1970.
This year’s invited artists include Camel Collective, Ted Purves, Chip Lord, Nate Harrison, Harrell Fletcher, Superflex, Mariana Botey, and Tercerunquinto. In the 5th century BCE, artists believed they could impose order on their environment and create “perfect” statues and discover the “correct” mathematical formulas for architecture. La Tene was developed between the 5th and 4th century BCE, and is more popularly known as early Celtic art. After an initial series of four foundation courses, majors develop their command of art history and its approaches through upper-level courses in a variety of pertinent subject areas.
The 1990s began with the expansion of the Clark’s national and international profile through its hosting of important exhibitions, including Winslow Homer in the 1890s and The Art of Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema. And even more awesome, she’s going to continue her art history for under 5s series every month on her blog, so if you like this, be sure to hop over and connect with her there so you don’t miss any future lessons in the series!
Some word processing programs may have Roman numerals as a choice, but the standard is Arabic numbers. These are the key questions this course attempts to answer.nThe first part of the class attempts to outline the complex history of Arctic visual and cultural representations through an interdisciplinary lens. What Job You’ll End Up With: Thanks to your extensive knowledge of philosophy, you’re now self-aware enough to know that most jobs out there will make you totally miserable. The Post Impressionists were a loose group of Paris-based artists who are often viewed together because of their various reactions to the earlier Impressionism movement.
First masterpiece of High Renaissance painting: The Last Supper by Leonardo Da Vinci. Yet interest in the past is to a considerable extent formed by responses to visual artefacts, and the study of the visual arts is not as marginal as its ostensible function serving the art market and tourist industry would seem to imply. Kandinsky was the first painter to completely abandon contact with reality and to give form and colour alone a “spiritual meaning”.
Morris Bishop, Pascal: The Life of a Genius (1964), pp. 11, 81–7. Classes cover all historical periods and most of the world’s cultures. Offered as ARTH 383, WGST 383 and ARTH 483. Most of these programs provide a certificate of accomplishment. She is the author of "50 Ways to Wear a Scarf" and "50 Ways to Wear Denim". Confirmative Elnar disgorges superserviceably. Movements often involved multiple studies such as art, philosophy, music, and literature.
We will focus especially on the popular, commercial forms of seriality that have emerged since the nineteenth century and dominated large sections of popular culture in the forms of serialized novels, film and radio serials, and television series. This film screening is part of the American Romanian Festival. Although he was a world renowned artist, his work gives the impression it could have been created by a child. For example, the Italian Gothic was influenced strongly by the nearby remains of Classical architecture and the warmer sunnier climate.
This class will also focus not merely on improving skills in critical reading and writing, research, public speaking, and visual/textual analysis, but will also help us think with clarity about how these skills may be useful outside the classroom and in future careers. The collection began modestly in 1829 when a Washingtonian named John Varden set out to form a museum in the nation's capital for his collection of European art. John Sawyer and his colleagues believed that an art history library was the first requirement for establishing a graduate program.
Ya know when as a kid, you are forced to eat something so often that sooner or later you are totally turned off by it, for like, umm…EVER?! I recently had this conversation with someone who had this experience with beets (too bad, they really are delicious when roasted). Well, my too much of a goo...
We are now in the closing stages of Facilities Master Plan Phase 1, Assessment, which is an evaluation of the current condition of the church interior, exterior and grounds. Next, we will develop cost estimates for bringing
everything in the church and grounds to a working state of repair before we move onto the next phase, Future Development Program, where we will address the parish’s future development needs.
The Building and Grounds service group takes a leadership role in managing and organizing all repairs, maintenance, and cleaning at St. Nicholas. In addition, we play an active role in facility planning, especially as we move through our master planning process. We work closely with other service group leaders and the parish board, supporting their specific projects and needs, especially those that have an impact on our facility.
As a part of our ministry, we host regular work days at the church, open to the entire parish where we prep for feast days, like Pascha and St. Nicholas day. We hold meetings to discuss issues that have been brought to our attention, and the progress of ongoing projects. We encourage each parishioner to take pride in the cleaning of the church, and to sign up as they can contribute. Much of our time is spent planning and completing maintenance and repairs both inside and outside the church. Some of the most recent projects have included: planting/mulching, hedge trimming, electrical updates, and painting.
The Buildings & Grounds service group is comprised of a diverse group of both men and women, including college students, tradesmen, gardeners, contractors, and other folks interested in supporting the church by ensuring we have a safe, comfortable and clean house of worship.
6:00 - 6:30 HBA will accept $500 entry fee checks from Builders for 2018 Showcase. Builder entry pages in Showcase magazine will be in the order that checks are received. A drawing will be held for one Builder to receive a $200 rebate on his Showcase entry fee. 2017 and 2016 Builders have right of first refusal for Showcase slots.
Builders will again be responsible for selling, sponsoring, or purchasing the page opposite their builder page.
Wendelin Werner was appointed as a Clay Senior Scholar from January to July, 2015, to take part in Random Geometry at the Isaac Newton Institute.
Inxeba (The Wound), a gay love story told entirely in isiXhosa, starring musician and singer Nakhane and produced by Urucu Media, has been chosen as South Africa’s entry into next year’s 90th Academy Awards, now known officially as The Oscars, in the category of best foreign language film.
Producers walked out of the Press and Industry screening at 11am on the first day of the Sundance Film Festival this year, where the film premiered in the World Dramatic Competition Category with an offer for global licence of rights to the Film from the biggest VoD Platform in North America. “They were the first ones to talk about Foreign Language Oscars ® potential” comments Elias Ribeiro, “but they did not confirm anything in writing and wanted to restrict the theatrical life of the film to enable the filmt to be a novelty on their platform. Saying no to them was one of the toughest decisions we ever had to make, but it paid off”.
Backed by one of the leading French Sales Companies, Pyramide International, the producers started in January to work on the positioning of the film as an Academy Awards ® contender. To date the film has found a home in over 30 countries between distributors and broadcasters, proving its International appeal.
"Locally the film took home two awards at the longest running festival in Southern Africa, The Durban International Film Festival, for Best Actor and Best South African Director. It was the best-performing film at both of its qualifying run cinemas in September, says producer Cait Pansegrouw. "It’s a film that was five years in the making, from inception, and it is one that all South Africans can be proud of".
In August, The New York Times listed The Wound on their Critic’s Pick List during its theatrical run in the USA, and most recently The Economist listed the Film under ‘What is the World Watching’. Inxeba is being represented in the US by Kino Lorber, one of the world’s top distributors of the finest art house and international films. Variety already picked up on the film’s promise, by announcing the South African entry yesterday calling it "An unflinching examination of sexuality, masculinity and cultural identity”. The film has won 12 International Awards thus far and 3 of them were in the United States.
Peter Kwele, NFVF Head of Marketing and Communications congratulated the creators of ‘Inxeba, going on to say "It is important for the content we produce to disrupt and propel audiences to introspect and the film’s focus on important aspects of our culture and traditions, while addressing topical issues of identity, masculinity and sexuality does just that. And I hope that we as South Africans will engage constructively around these issues.”
Inxeba follows in the footsteps of ‘Moonlight’, which won last years’ Oscar ® for Best Film. “Inxeba is well positioned to secure a nomination and is now fundraising for an American campaign to ensure the best possible visibility for the film,” says Helen Kuun, CEO of Indigenous Film Distribution, which is distributing the film in South Africa.
"To be honest, this would not be a satisfying moment if it wasn’t for the overwhelming love and goodwill we’ve received from South African (and in particular isiXhosa) audiences in the last few weeks,” said director John Trengove. “Going into this, we were committed to making the kind of film that wasn’t being made in our industry. We told a story we felt was urgent, and we created the kind of male characters that we think are sorely lacking on our screens. We never once thought we’d make a crowd-pleasing film, let alone one that would represent South Africa as an Oscar ® submission. I hope this encourages other local filmmakers to take bigger risks and to try to express something of our uniquely South African experience.”
Previous submissions to this category from South Africa includes ‘Skoonheid’ (Beauty), ‘Four Corners’, ‘Elelwani’, ‘Noem My Skollie’ and ‘Little One’ amongst others.
If you want lasting energy throughout the day, it is best to start the day off with a nutritious and balanced meal. Like other meals, the ideal breakfast should contain a combination of protein, veggies, and some healthy fats. A perfect example is a simple breakfast scramble with eggs (protein), a vegetable medley including things like onions, tomatoes, spinach, and mushrooms (veggies), and cooked in coconut oil and/or topped with some sliced avocado (healthy fats). There are many different combinations you can try and you can add in other protein sources like breakfast sausages or bacon.
If you do not have time to prepare breakfast in the morning, you may want to plan and cook your breakfasts ahead of time. Here are some simple make-ahead breakfasts:
Hard boiled eggs or an egg salad: Hard boiled eggs not only make a great quick breakfast option, but are an easy snack anytime you feel hungry. Make a big batch on your days off and for breakfast you can grab a couple hard boiled eggs and eat them plain, or whip up a batch of egg salad the night before a busy morning and have an easy breakfast on the go.
Breakfast casserole: Breakfast casseroles are hearty, nutritious, and can feed you for days. Breakfast casseroles are made with eggs and any variety of ingredients. Some examples include sausage, cheese, mushrooms, peppers, and/or onions. Cook down the ingredients (aside from the eggs), combine them with the whisked eggs in a baking dish, and cook in the oven at 350 degrees for about 30 minutes.
When you have some time on your hands, you can make some creative low carb breakfasts and even re-create some of your favorite now off limits breakfast items. Here are a few low carb breakfast ideas for those days when you feel inspired to make something unique.
Chickpea flour pancakes: Combine equal parts chickpea (garbanzo) flour with water and make it just as you would a pancake.
Low carb breakfast burritos: A thin egg white omelet can make a surprisingly durable burrito wrap. Stuff it with your favorite breakfast burrito ingredients and enjoy!
Nut Cereal : This is one of my favorites. Lightly chop in a blender 1/8 cup of lightly salted almonds, 1/8 cup of dried apple chips, 1 Tbsp of pepitas (pumpkin seeds), 1 Tbsp of sunflower seeds, 1 Tbsp of coconut flakes, and 1 Tsp of cinnamon. Complete it with your favorite kind of milk (almond, soy, organic milk…etc) and top with a splash of organic heavy cream and blueberries. Yeah that’s right! Make cereal using nuts. Just remember nuts are filling by design, a little goes a long way when it comes to nuts.
Bullet Proof Coffee: Another popular option is to make Bullet Proof Coffee. You can buy it pre-made or make your own by blending 1Tbsp of grass fed butter, 1 Tbsp of organic coconut oil and a cup of your favorite organic coffee. You can even add a serving of your favorite portion powder.
Whatever you decide, remember that there are a LOT of low carb breakfast options out there. You might just need change they way you think about Americas most carb heavy meal of the day!
There are few cars in this world like the Caparo T1. It is perhaps one of the most insane street legal track cars ever built. It’s not something just anyone knows how to drive. You have to be very accomplished (or mad) to pilot one of these. And now we’re hearing that Caparo is currently at work on an even more powerful version of its T1. Set to be called the T1 Evolution, Autocar is reporting that, according to company claims, it will produce more than 700 horsepower.
Obviously the T1 Evolution will retain the "race DNA of its predecessor," but we can also expect to see a revised exterior design, an updated chassis, stiffer suspension, and a redesigned cockpit complete with an infotainment system. What’s more, the car will come with ABS, traction and stability control. For comparison, the T1 is currently rated at 575 horsepower thanks to its 3.5-liter V8. 0-60 mph happens in just 2.5 seconds. Surpassing 100 mph happens in less than 5 seconds. Autocar also noticed that Caparo’s website is already taking orders for the T1 Evolution. How much will it cost? The original T1 had a sticker price of £211,000. Expect its successor to be somewhere north of that.
Search All Automotive Building Materials Cleaning Supplies Clothing & Apparel Doors & Windows Electrical Electronics Farm & Ranch Food & Snacks Hand Tools Hardware Heating, Ventilation & Air Conditioning Holiday Decorations & Supplies Housewares Lawn & Garden Office Supplies Outdoor Living Paint & Painting Supplies Pet Supplies Plumbing Supplies Power Tools & Accessories Safety Sporting Goods Storage & Organization Store Supplies Toys & Games
My good friend, Leonard, has been hard at work on a Warriors RPG, and today he released the Act I demo, which is comprised of roughly the first third of the game. (It should take about five hours to play through.)
The Road to Immortality is set far into the future of the Clans, generations after Bramblestar's Storm. (It's not really compatible with AVOS, for obvious reasons.) In it, you can create your own character and join ThunderClan as an apprentice. However, as always, tensions are high among the Clans, and dark forces are rising in the shadows.
In the game, your choices matter. The decisions you make will have impacts on the events in the story, and the lives of your friends, along with your relationships with them. You can play through it multiple times for different experiences, or share it with your friends and compare outcomes. As well, the combat is well-polished, and the game captures the spirit of Warriors perfectly.
Oh, wow, this looks amazing. I'm always impressed with fan games that put so much effort into them. Definitely going to give this a shot!
(34) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed bin Oqda narrated from Ali bin al-Hasan at-Taymali from Muhammad bin Ali from Muhammad bin Issma'eel bin Buzay’ from Mansoor bin Younus bin Bazraj from Hamza bin Hamran from Salim al-Ashall that Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as) had said:
“Prophet Moses (as) looked up in the first Pentateuch what abilities and virtues would be given to al-Qa'im of Muhammad’s family and then he said: “O my Lord, make me al-Qa'im of Muhammad’s family!” It was said to him: “He is from Muhammad’s progeny.” He looked up in the second Pentateuch and he found the same things. He prayed Allah for the same thing and he was answered with the same answer. Then he opened the third Pentateuch and found the same thing. He asked his Lord for the same thing and the same was said to him.”68
(35) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed bin Oqda narrated from Ahmad bin Yousuf bin Ya'qoob al-Ju’fi Abul Hasan from Issma'eel bin Mihran from al-Hasan bin Ali bin Abu Hamza from his father and Wuhayb from Abu Baseer that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said when talking about this Qur’anic verse,
“Allah has promised to those of you who believe and do good that He will most certainly make them rulers in the earth as He made rulers those before them, and that He will most certainly establish for them their religion which He has chosen for them, and that He will most certainly, after their fear, give them security in exchange; they shall serve Me, not associating aught with Me.”69
Allen is a County which belongs to the state Kentucky in United States of America. There are total 4 cities in this county. Total number of zipcodes/pincodes in Allen are 4.
Before we head out on tour in June we’re getting together with two of our closest friends! PSYDOLL are over in the UK from Japan once again for their annual tour and we’re joining them in London with our fab mates Mr. Strange!
As it’s the 10th anniversary of our debut album Master Stroke we will be mostly performing songs from that, most of them for the first time in several years and some probably for the last time!
We are hoping to have the Master Stroke 10th anniversary double vinyl delivered ready for the tour in June but to do so we need to place the order with the pressing plant by the end of next week, so it would be really cool and most helpful, and very much appreciated if any of you wishing to own a copy could try and place your pre-order before next Friday March 16th!
Chikage’s Happy Hole goes to press next week but we’ll give you until Friday March 9th to pre-order and qualify for entry into the draw to win one of three signed white label test pressings!
Our debut album MASTER STROKE is 10 next year and we plan to celebrate with some more special vinyl releases and a limited edition cd re-release, in the mean time there are very few left of the original CD album available HERE.
More acts and details to be announced . Looking forward to the return of the RAM! Renaissance Alternative Music Festival : Sunday April 23, The Lounge , 1 Archway Rd, , London N19 3TD, Nearest Tube is Archway Underground Station
Alice’s Wicked Tea Party Alternative Festival continues to grow and set to be the best grass roots festival in the South of UK with 23 bands picked from the finest on the alt live scene. Limited to 500 tickets makes this an intimate event where you get the chance to mingle with the artists.
Cheap Early Bird tickets are still available via the following link: http://www.wegottickets.com/f/10606
The official release date for our old 2003 cover of Gary Numan track METAL on lovely 180g 12” vinyl, has been set for Friday 11th November on Glory & Honour Records. Stock is due to arrive earlier in that week, so those of you that have pre-ordered it will get it earlier!!
A long long time ago, back in 2003 and still four years before they would sign to their first record label, Global Citizen self released a song called NUMANOID. The track was written/recorded to celebrate the golden age of being a Gary Numan fan back in the early days of his career. It proved very popular amongst the Numan fans at the time and was widely distributed digitally over the internet, and was also available in very small numbers as a hand made cdr release.
Now for the very first time, NUMANOID will be officially released on Glory & Honour Records as a numbered limited edition of just 250 red heavyweight 7” single with glossy picture/lyric sleeve and will be coupled up with the bands 2004 Tubeway Army cover of My Love Is A Liquid on the flip side. Both tracks have been mastered especially for this release.Pre-orders are now being taken here and the disc is set for release early 2017 (Date tbc).
Global Citizen have been invited to join the line up at Electrowerks London on Saturday September 10th 2016 alongside Das Fluff, MASSIVE EGO and Special Love. Tickets are £12 on the door or you can request to be put on our special £8 concessions guest list (Contact Rich Mills). Alternatively you can buy a ticket in advance for £10 plus booking fee here:
Alice’s Wicked Tea Party Alt Festival kicks off today from noon in Wimborne, Dorset, just down the road from Bournemouth!
Day and weekend tickets available on the gate for anyone who decides to come last minute! Global Citizen are on tomorrow evening but we’ll be about for the whole weekend to see all the other great bands and mingle, see you there! 🙂
Global Citizen at The Resolution Whitby. Friday April 22nd 2016. FREE ENTRY – Arrive early to avoid disappointment.
Just confirmed, Global Citizen will be opening for Protafield in Glasgow at Audio on Thursday 27th August along with Analog Angel.
Release date to be confirmed. Pre-order on limited edition heavyweight black/red splattered 7” vinyl with free digital copy on release.
NOTE: THIS IS A PRE-ORDER. Item will be available in the latter half of 2015. Current manufacturing queues for vinyl are very long and we cannot give an exact release date at present. Final label artwork will be slightly different.
The new GLOBAL CITIZEN single SCENE OF THE CRIME will be available in three formats and is officially released on Monday March 30th 2015.
NOTE: The vinyl edition will be available slightly later than the digital release due to unavoidable manufacturing waiting times but those who PRE-ORDER NOW will get a full digital copy on day of release!
The Covenant tour hits London tomorrow night (Saturday) and Global Citizen are performing at the official aftershow party at Slimelight/Electrowerkz!
Limited to just 250 HEAVYWEIGHT CLEAR vinyl housed in a beautiful outer cover and protected with an inner sleeve.
2. Sleep Precious SleepLimited to just 250 HEAVYWEIGHT RED vinyl housed in a beautiful outer cover and protected with an inner sleeve.
Global Citizen are also now confirmed to join the Sunday line-up for the 3-day S.O.S Festival taking place in London, Aug 15/16/17 and will be joining Aesthetic Perfection & XP8, other acts and venue to be confirmed, keep an eye on updates here:
Pleased to announce GLOBAL CITIZEN are confirmed to support Chrom from Germany at Slimelight London on Saturday 27th of September, special guest DJ Elliott Berlin. Slimelight with trad goth / wave floor and ebm / electro / tbm / futurepop / aggrotech / tech floor. 10 pm until 7.30 am: £5 members and £8 non-members.
The order has been placed today and this release goes to press next week and 1 month ahead of schedule!
Many thanks to those of you that have shown your support by pre-ordering the disc. Pre-orders will remain open until we have the physical stock in our hands, so those of you that havn’t ordered yet, still have a chance to do so, and to be in with a chance of winning 1 of 3 white label test pressings of the release in the raffle.” (Rich x)
Your record will be dispatched upon release in the summer 2014. Limited to just 250 HEAVYWEIGHT RED vinyl housed in a beautiful outer cover.
Alt-Fest have now put Day Tickets on sale! For more information on the festival and to purchase Day Tickets to come and see Global Citizen, go to: www.alt-fest.com
A new Global Citizen show confirmed for Saturday 25th October, our first ever appearance in Birmingham, “Digital Darkness at The Flapper”. Tickets already available here:
The first Global Citizen London show of 2014 will be on Sunday February 9th as part of a very special London leg of a UK tour by Japanese band Psydoll. The event takes place at The Resistence Gallery and is called: THE PSYDOLL NIPPON SINDROME. The event will be a superb mix of live music, fashion, Japanese drummers and bondage. Full details to be confirmed/announced, we will be selling advanced tickets to Global Citizen fans at £7, message us for details …. globalcitizenuk@yahoo.co.uk
New album, more videos/singles and other releases, hopefully including more vinyl, and we’ll be hitting the road a lot more in 2014. We’re especially looking forward to performing abroad more this year and playing what looks to be the biggest Alternative festival of it’s kind Alt-Fest in August in the UK!
We are very excited to be making our first trip to Switzerland for a headline show on Saturday November 30th!
We are excited to be returning to Whitby to perform at the Bram Stoker International Film Festival this coming Friday October 25th at Spa Pavilion as part of their ‘Children Of The Night’ event!
Very pleased to announce that we, GLOBAL CITIZEN, have been confirmed as main support for the exclusive 25th Anniversary LEAETHER STRIP show at Electrowerkz on Saturday December 7th. We have tickets for sale at only £11.50 (£15 on door) via PayPal… Send £11.50 per ticket for collection on door to: jo_the_waiter@hotmail.com No fees and your ticket entitles you to free entry to Slimelight club after.
“Sleep Precious Sleep / Hilton” 7 inch Vinyl Picture Disc released today 1st August 2013 on Glory & Honour Records. You can purchase it from this site by clicking HERE.
For our first London show this year we will be joining our old labelmates/sparring partners/friends Deviant UK on August 9th!
A FREE new compilation featuring Global Citizen and all the other artists under the banner of Deadfall Management is now available to download on Bandcamp ….
As a new member of the afmusic-family, Global Citizen distribute both their albums “Master Stroke” and “Nil by Mouth” from now on via afmusic / ALTONE Distribution. Both albums are available in all well-known stores as well as at afmusic on CD from April 19th on. afmusic is Germany’s most innovative label for dark wave, independent and gothic and within Germany unique in this field.
A new Mexican CD compilation CD features a previously unheard/unreleased version of the Flesh Eating Foundation remix of Hilton by Global Citizen and is out at the end of May!
Global Citizen are pleased to confirm our first ever performance in Middlesbrough on Friday June 7th at Contagion, The Basement, Middlesbrough, with support from Null White and Paresis.
We are very pleased to confirm that Global Citizen will be performing at the Bram Stoker International Film Festival on Friday October 25th at Spa Pavilion in Whitby as part of their ‘Children Of The Night’ event! Here’s the flyer, jump over and like their page or check the website for full details of the weekend: http://www.bramstokerfilmfestival.com/
For many, it was the release of Tea Time in 2007 that introduced them for the first time to the world of Global Citizen. Back then, and since 1999, all GC releases were hand made, and Tea Time was no different, but it was to be the last. Tea Time was the break through single and on the back of the popularity of this song and the discovery of other Global Citizen classics through it, the band were snapped up by RebCo Records and went on to release their debut official album Master Stroke in 2008 and a 12″ Picture Disc version of Tea Time.
Now in 2013 we are very pleased to announce that Tea Time finally gets what it deserved. On Monday 21st January the new Tea Time Expanded Collectors Edition is officially released on a 13 track CD via Glory & Honour Records. The disc includes the original three tracks from the 2007 hand made CD, alongside a number or remixes and an early demo version, plus five of those Global Citizen early classics that never had an official release, (Slave/The Only One/Clown/Yakuza Dawn/Zero Butterfly) two of which are still played live today.
The pressing is limited to 300 only and comes with full album artwork in a jewel case and 4 page booklet. Grab it while it’s hot and HAPPY NEW YEAR!
We had a great weekend in Whitby and played to a full house for the second time at The Resolution, many thanks to everyone who watched/listened to our set, bought cd’s and gave us your kind feedback, big thanks also to Sam and Alex for having us and to the sound boys for doing a great job and last but not least to our support on the night, Snide Remarks for their great set too …. 🙂
Not long now til the Whitby Goth Weekend (WGW), Global Citizen headline at The Resolution this Saturday November 3rd with support from Snide Remarks.
We’ve finally recovered from our recent two shows in London supporting Seabound and Cruxshadows, both nights were very different but most enjoyable so thank you to all those that came out to party! Before the Seabound show Rich was presented with the award disc for ‘Best Album’ which Global Citizen won in The DSO Audio Music Awards 2011 for the Nil By Mouth album. The award was present by Rob Dyer the founder of the DSO Audio organisation.
GC will be taking a short break from live appearances now until the latter half of September so keep an eye on the live dates page for updates. Next up release wise will most likely be an interesting collaboration, though it is not yet certain what format this release will take so watch this space.
We’ve had some great fun performing at festivals round the UK over the last few weeks, big up to everyone that turned out to see us at the Dark Waters Festival in Nottingham, the Spiders Web Festival in Bristol, and we’ve just got back from playing DV8Fest in York for the second year running. Thanks again also to the organizers of these great festivals for inviting us to play.
Next up in July we have two great London shows, first off we are main support to Seabound at The Underworld in Camden on Sunday July 22nd and then the very next weekend we open for Cruxshadows at the 02 Islington Academy on Saturday July 28th.
Last but not least, a very nice Japanese fan has launched her very own Global Citizen Japanese Fan site, please check it out here:
We think it’s safe to say that our first show in Germany went very well! What a great time we all had, many thanks to everyone who came to see us! We were not expecting so many people to show up just to see Global Citizen, it was very touching! Thank you all for being so enthusiastic, dancing and making so much noise! The set list for WGT Leipzig 2012 was:
We can now confirm that Global Citizen have been invited back as main support to EMF at Dv8Fest in York on Saturday June 30th at Fibbers. EMF will perform their multi million selling album Schubert Dip in full on it’s 21st anniversary …
Where do we start, what a great couple of gigs we’ve just had, first we opened for Sulpher on May 4th in London, now that has to have been the party of the year so far! Many thanks to all in the Sulpher & AlterRed camps for making it great to work and party alongside and to all at Flag Promotions for putting the event together and of course all the people/fans that came to support the event and bands. Having Gary Numan & co, Jayce Lewis and all three of The Prodigy to party with helped put the icing on the cake though I think, what a great atmosphere … Thankyou to EVERYONE!
Then on Saturday May 12th we shot up to Nottingham for The Dark Waters Festival, another great party and well organized event. The venue (A Cave) looked awesome when the lights were dimmed, what a great location for the festival. We also had a chance to catch up with our friends the Cemetary Girlz from Paris whom played a great set also. Many thanks to the organisors Dan and Ashe and to everyone else that helped out and attended, a great little festival which we hope to return to again soon. Next up is our performance at Leipzig in Germany for the Wave Gotik Treffen (WGT). We perform at the MoritzBastei on Saturday May 26th, stage time: 8.40pm..
Our next UK show will be at the Spiders Web Festival in Bristol at The Tunnels on Saturday June 16th.
Released today on Glory & Honour Records, the Sleep Precious Sleep / Hilton Remix EP. Thirteen tracks including the two originals and remixes from Kommand + Kontrol, Flesh Eating Foundation, Cryongenica and many others. Click the cover image to buy.
Tickets are starting to shift now for our slot opening for SULPHER on May 4th in London (See below), don’t leave it too late! We are able to offer you discount tickets at just £10 with no fees, just Paypal £10 per ticket to globalcitizenuk@yahoo.co.uk and you can either have them posted while there’s still time or put by for collection on the door. The cheapest you’ll find them anywhere!
Global Citizen are pleased to be able to confirm that we have been invited to join the bill for this event. As a late addition we are able to offer you discount tickets at just £10 with no fees, just Paypal £10 per ticket to globalcitizenuk@yahoo.co.uk and you can either have them posted while there’s still time or put by for collection on the door.
Also, If you want to come to the Dark Waters Festival in Nottingham on May 12th specifically to see Global Citizen or rather just for the Saturday then we are pleased to advise you can now get a special rate ticket for exactly that here: https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=B4A6VJ3PJ6K9U. The tickets are £18 and no booking/postage fee, saving you at least a fiver per ticket.
Today is also the deadline for remix submissions for the Sleep Precious sleep / Hilton single due for release later this month, if you’ve not submitted your remix yet, you need to do it now!
Another Brit film DVD release with a Global Citizen soundtrack has just gone on sale. U Mugs is the second Side Effect Films release to feature the music of Global Citizen. The first, Stagger, get’s a national re-release in May and we’ll post on that when the time comes ….: http://www.amazon.co.uk/U-Mugs-DVD-Paul-Easter/dp/B007KQ2JBA/ref=?ie=UTF8&m=A1E64YGU2ATU2Q
Finally, there is just one month left to get your pre-orders in for a copy of Nil By Mouth on luxury double red vinyl and all it’s extras, read up on it and place your orders here: http://www.purplelabs.pm/global-citizen-nil-by-mouth-pre-orders/
Those of you still working on remixes for the next Global Citizen single, (Sleep Precious Sleep / Hilton) now just have 10 days left to complete and submit your efforts. The deadline is Monday April 2nd 2012. Your completed remixes should be sent to globalcitizenuk@yahoo.co.uk via Dropbox or Yousendit or whatever other type of file sharer you use.
Many thanks to everyone that turned out to catch us at The Underworld in Camden on Sunday night, we all had a great time. We’re taking a break now to get some recording done and we’ll be back out and about again from May onwards ….. First stop will be The Dark Waters Alternative Festival on May 12th in Nottingham, followed by another visit to Ipswich for Oblivion on May 19th and then onto the Wave Gotik Treffen Festival (WGT) in Leipzig, Germany on May 26th.
The full line-up for the Spiders Web Festival in Bristol in June has been confirmed running order etc to follow soon ……
The full line-up for the Dark Waters Festival in Nottingham from May 11th to 13th has now been announced: Website: http://ministryofgoth.co.uk/darkwaters/index.html
Glory & Honour Records are now taking pre-orders for the Global Citizen Nil By Mouth Limited Edition Luxury 180G Heavy Weight Double Red Vinyl Album. After the question poll put out on Facebook a few months back regarding what style of vinyl press would be most popular we are now ready to move forward with the pressing. However we are concerned at the financial viability of this pressing and do not want the label to risk such a large outlay on something that may not actually sell as well as we hope in todays climate. And so we have come to the agreement that we will put it out for pre-order and if we can reach a minimum of eighty pre-orders but preferably one hundred then it will definitely go to press for a limited edition of 300 only.
A time limit of three months has been agreed as long enough to see if this figure can be reached and so we will now take payments in advance up until May 1st 2012. If we are not anywhere near the required figure by this time then the pressing will be dropped and all monies refunded in full. If we can hit the target well in advance of this date then even better and we can go to press earlier. As an incentive to encourage people to pay in advance we have also offered to everyone that pre-pays in this manner a FREE signed copy of the Tea Time 12″” Picture Disc and an exclusive to this offer FREE signed limited edition print. The price of this package is £29.99 to be paid in advance and includes postage world wide for these pre-orders only.
Nil By Mouth Luxury 180g Double Red Vinyl Album in gatefold sleeve with colour labels and packed to inner sleeves printed with lyrics and pictures in full colour on 150gsm gloss art paper. (The vinyl includes a bonus track not on the original CD release)
A CD copy of the album in slip case with alternative cover design. (Not including the Vinyl bonus track)
So It’s in your hands this is a very special limited edition pressing and it’s up to you to show how much you want it and to support the band and label in making it happen by paying in advance!
Global Citizen are pleased to announce the first of two new festival appearances for 2012. We are now confirmed to perform at The Spider’s Web Festival in Bristol on Saturday June 16th at The Tunnels the first day of this two day weekend festival. Full line up will be confirmed shortly but we will be supporting The Danse Society on that particular day.
The second of the two new festival appearances for 2012 is at the Dark Waters Festival in Nottingham on Saturday May 12th at The Britannia Boat Club on the banks of the river Trent the second day of this three day weekend festival. The venue is amazing it’s built in to a cave. Full lineup and details soon.
In other news Rich is completely rebuilding his studio at the moment ready to make a start on the next album. He’s just got a new set of monitors in and a nice desk amongst other bits and bobs.
There will be at least one more single to be taken from Nil By Mouth and this will come in the shape of a double A format the two tracks will be Sleep Precious Sleep and Hilton remix packs for both tracks will be made available shortly for any budding re-mixers wishing to have a go at a remix for the release.
Rich is also very excited about another project finally coming to fruition after a year in the shape of a collaboration single or rather a Global Citizen with guest vocalist type thing which will be put out to fill the gap between albums. More on this soon.
Global Citizen kick off their year as main support for eighties ikons BLUE ZOO on Sunday February 26th at The Underworld in London. We have a number of discount tickets for sale at £8.50 payments can be made via Paypal £8.50 per ticket to globalcitizenuk@yahoo.co.uk
Rich is also very pleased to have been asked to submit music for a number of new independent films being made this year.
We are very pleased and proud that we’ve picked up our first award! Global Citizen collect ‘Best Album’ in the DSOAudio.com Awards 2011 with Nil By Mouth! Full list of honours here:
A new download only compilation exclusive to Glory & Honour Records titled Clutching At Straws is now available. Clutching At Straws is a collection of Global Citizen recordings made between 2003 and 2006 which were previously only available on very limited pressings and are now hard to come across. The collection includes cover versions B-sides from early singles and other rarities from the period when the band self released on their own Whoopy Doo Records label. The album is only available here:
A number of new reviews have been added to the reviews section they include a brand new review of the GC 2008 album Master Stroke and a couple of live reviews from recent performances supporting Front 242 and KMFDM in London. The free download of Aliens In Your Attic offer has now ended however the album is now available exclusively in the Glory & Honour/Purple Labs shop:
Work has begun on the next Global Citizen album and Rich will continue to slug away at it over the next few months meaning that things will be quiet on the live side of things for the time being. There will also be a 4th single from Nil By Mouth on it’s way maybe late February/early March.
Wow! What a night we had with Front 242 at Koko – London on Sunday! Amazing venue packed to the rafters and a great atmosphere. Many thanks indeed to Flag Promotions for putting the night on and having us open the proceedings Front 242 were fantastic and a great bunch of lads off stage too as were Nachtmahr and Empirion. A big thankyou also to the great stage management and the rest of the team that kept everything running smoothly.
We’ve finished the year off on a high with our slots supporting Front 242 and KMFDM and look forward to continuing at his level and more in 2012! In the meantime we play a FREE Christmas show in London this weekend at the Flag Promotions/ YTB Christmas Party at The Finsbury 336 Green Lanes Manor House London N4 1BY. Doors open at 8pm and first band is on at 9pm. Full line up is Inertia – Komputer – Global Citizen and Das Fluff and is completely free. We’d like to thank everyone for supporting Global Citizen this year and hope you will continue to do so in 2012 times are tough and independent bands and labels need your support to survive. Everyone at Global Citizen wish you a Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!
There’s just a few days left now until we open for Front 242 on their 30th Anniversary show at KOKO i nLondon this sunday December 11th. We still have a few discount tickets left which you can pay in advance for and collect at the box office.Just send £21 per ticket via Paypal to globalcitizenuk@yahoo.co.uk and we’ll see you there!
What an eventful time we had in Glasgow! The show went very well the turnout was better than expected and boy did you all make a noise! Many thanks to everyone who turned out especially those that crossed the border from England to come up! We hope to travel back again next year! This weekend we have another huge show! We play at KOKO in Camden opening for FRONT 242 for their 30th anniversary.
What an awesome night in London was had by all at The 02 Academy Islington on Saturday where we supported KMFDM! Many thanks to everyone who came out to support us at this epic event we think it’s safe to say it all went rather well! Thanks also to all the Flag Promotions and Academy staff who did a grand job in ensuring everything ran smoothly. Top night!
Next up we head to Glasgow on December 2nd where we headline a show with support from label mates Analog Angel at Nice N Sleazys. Shortly after that we have another major London show supporting FRONT 242 at Koko on December 11th ……..
Global Citizen are main support for KMFDM this Saturday November 19th at The 02 Academy Islington London!
Global Citizen are pleased to confirm that we have been invited to open for FRONT 242 at their exclusive UK show celebrating their 30th anniversary at Koko in London on December 11th! Information on tickets will be posted shortly ….
We had a wicked time last night with label mates CalatrilloZ and locals Ashestoangels in Bristol great little venue (The Louisiana) and good people many thanks! x
Global Citizen perform at The Renaissance II: Mischief Night Festival this Sunday in London full details in flyer below: Another European festival slot for 2012 will be announced shortly. Global Citizen music is now available in a further twelve new territories via iTunes the new countries are: Bulgaria Cyprus Czech Republic Estonia Hungary Latvia Lithuania Malta Poland Romania Slovakia and Slovenia. And as always Global Citizen music is still available via the iTunes store in the following countries: iTunes-USA iTunes-Europe: Austria Belgium Denmark Finland France Germany Greece Ireland Italy Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Portugal Spain Sweden Switzerland. iTunes-Japan iTunes-Canada iTunes-Australia iTunes-New Zealand Of course if you’re not an iTunes fan you can also find Global Citizen music to download via other outlets such as Amazon CD Baby e-music etc.
We can now confirm today that Global Citizen have been booked to play the world famous Wave Gotik Treffen Festival (WGT) in Leipzig Germany on Saturday May 26th 2012.
Two excellent reviews of Nil By Mouth album by DSO Audio and Viva Music have been added to the reviews page.
Rich/September would like to thank everyone very much for all the lovely birthday wishes he received over the weekend (Over 600 of them) and actually spent most of his birthday personally responding to them.
The final track listing for the Don’t Make It Slow single has been finalized and the artwork and audio masters have been past to the label ready to press a release date will be announced shortly.
Global Citizen have been booked to play Electrowerks/Slimelight in London with support from Cryogenica on Saturday February 25th 2012. Full details to be confirmed.
A new Q&A (Question & Answer) page has been added to the site today. If you have any questions then please follow the instruction on the page on how to send them to us. The Global Citizen debut album Master Stroke has now been added in full to the MP3 player.
We have now added a lyrics section to the website where you can find song words to all the currently available Global Citizen releases and that is how they have been grouped. We have been booked to return to Incarnate the club in Ipswich we helped to launch in January. The club has now switched venues and so the details are:
Global Citizen live at Club Incarnate St Nicholas Center 4 Cutler Street Ipswich Suffolk IP1 1UQ. Date: Saturday May 19th 2012. Doors: 7pm. tickets £10 in advance or £12 on door. We obviously be promoting this show nearer the time.
Review of our second album ‘Nil By Mouth’ posted by ‘Brutal Resonance’ and written by Nick Quarm. I quote from the review “”The title track gets my vote for most memorable as well. Interesting act and very promising label. I can’t wait to see how this spices up the scene. “” You can read the review on the web link below:
Rich ‘September’ Mills took a break from music over the weekend to take part in the filming of a short film called Black Communion in which he plays the part of a Nazi Military Baron.
This was his first acting role outside of his own music videos and the film is described as a Dr. Who Meets Hitler meets Carry On kind of Sci-fi war horror comedy.
Global Citizen return to Scotland in December with a show confirmed for Friday December 2nd 2011 at ‘An Industrial Christmas MK2 which is taking place at Nice ‘N’ Sleazys 421 Sauchiehall Street Glasgow G2 3LG. Doors open at 7.30pm and tickets are £5.
We still have a few discount tickets for our show supporting KMFDM at The 02 Academy Islington London on Saturday November 19th 2011.
The tickets are £14 each instead of £18 on the door (if there are any left). you can simply Paypal £14 per ticket required to globalcitizenuk@yahoo.co.uk and leave your delivery address in the comments box or write to the same email address for further information and alternative payment methods.
Tuesday August 30th 2011. Global Citizen have been confirmed to play the Renaissance II: Mischief Night Festival on Sunday October 20th 2011 at The Boston Music Rooms 178 Junction Road Tufnell Park London N19 5QQ. Doors open at 3pm Ticket prices to be confirmed other bands confirmed are Die Kur Maxdmyz and GhostFire more to be announced.The new Nil By Mouth album is now available on cd in the U.S.A First stockist is CD Baby here: www.cdbaby.com/cd/globalcitizen3
More outlets to be announced. Also available as download.The Global Citizen show in Bristol on Friday October 11th 2011 has changed venues it will now take place at The Louisiana Wapping Road Bathurst Terrace Bristol BS1 6UA and new label mates CalatrilloZ have been confirmed as main support. Doors: 7pm.Tuesday August 16th 2011.
The new Global Citizen album Nil By Mouth is now available on cd and download direct from Glory & Honour Records here:
We are very pleased to see old RebCo label mates Flesh Eating Foundation have joined us on Glory & Honour Records today great news!
We’d just like to thank everyone that turned out to See Global Citizen in Wincheter yesterday at The Railway supporting The Last Cry.
The ‘Broken Doll’ Remix EP from Global Citizen is now available for purchase as a limited press CD from the Glory & Honour Music store.
The second single to be taken from the bands ‘Nil By Mouth’ album features a host of remixes of the single plus remixes of Clown and Zero Butterfly along with an instrumental track Lethal Injection.
Many thanks to everyone who watched Global Citizen perform at the DV8 Festival in York over the weekend what a great festival!
Some of you may have seen the earlier announcement by Glory & Honour Records that we have now moved across to join them for our future releases.
We are very happy that we now have a large and enthusiastic team working alongside us as we push on up that ladder.
We wish to thank Ste Rebco and all at RebCo Records for that first step on and wish them continued success.
We would also like to thank all of our new family at G&H especially Sonechka and Malona for the hard work they have already done for us and look forward to knocking down those walls together.
Don Arney, inventor of aerial wildfire-fighting Bambi Bucket, inducted into National Inventors Hall of Fame
Don Arney, newly inducted into the 2017 National Inventors Hall of Fame, stands under the medal, with Edison and Lincoln looking on. The inscription reads: ''The Patent System Added The Fuel Of Interest To The Fire Of Genius.'' Photo source: National Inventors Hall of Fame.
Forbes reports that 15 extraordinary innovators became 2017 inductees into the National Inventors Hall of Fame (NIHF) in the U.S. The induction ceremony took place May 4 in the majestic central hall of the National Building Museum in Washington, D.C., where presidential balls are usually held.
Among the 15 is Don Arney, inventor of the Bambi Bucket® for Aerial Firefighting. Arney is from British Columbia, Canada.
Frederick E. Allen, Forbes Leadership Editor, described the evening's activities: To Become A Great Innovator, Get Left Back In Fourth Grade: Induction At The Inventors Hall Of Fame. In a section about Don Arney he writes:
Don Arney invented the Bambi Bucket, which carries and shoots out huge quantities of water to fight forest fires, suspended from a helicopter. It is used in more than 110 countries. He said he owed his successÂ to Transcendental Meditation, which he discoveredÂ after aÂ spiritual journey thatÂ began whenÂ he found himself ''sitting in the university library wondering if facts are all there is. . . . I've been doing it for 47 years now, twice a day, every day.'' He said TM has helped him understand that when it comes to invention, or any kind of creativity, ''you don't do it yourself. Those things are gifts that come to you.''
When it was announced in March that Don Arney had been selected as one of the 2017 NIHF inductees,Â he was the subject of an article in the Vancouver Sun: B.C. inventor of wildfire-fighting Bambi Bucket inducted to hall of fame.
In the video, filmed in part at his beautiful home on Salt Spring Island near Vancouver, Arney talks about mining the mind for ideas at deeper levels (much as David Lynch describes in his book, Catching The Big Fish: Meditation, Consciousness, and Creativity).
Arney has found that ''meditating is a completely non-directed process, and inventing has to be the same.'' He explains, ''You know all of the things you're going to be doing as you engage in the process, but you don't direct it.'' What he finds is that the answers come, and organize, on a very profound level. ''They bubble up, and very quickly and innocently the solution appears.'' An intelligent observer, he saw the ''elegance in simplicity,'' how one thing could be adapted, improved upon and applied in a whole new way.
In his NIHF acceptance speech, Arney acknowledged the power of his decades-long Transcendental Meditation practice, twice a day since 1970, to enhance his creativity, allowing him to mine the ''nuggets of information'' and ''kernels of innovation'' as gifts that come to him.
He also paid tribute to his longtime SEI Industries business partner, Mark McCooey, and invited him to stand and be recognized. Mark was able to transform Arney's invention into an iconic product sold around the world, commanding over 95 percent of the international market. Bambi Buckets were used to cool Japan's Fukushima nuclear site after the 2011 tsunami. The Bambi Bucket has saved forests, homes and lives. These facts, plus the simplicity, effectiveness and ubiquity of the product was why the NIHF chose Don Arney as one of their 2017 inductees.
Translation software is not perfect; however if you would like to try it, you can translate this page using:
(Google) Select a language English to Afrikaans English to Albanian English to Arabic English to Belarusian English to Bulgarian English to Catalan English to Chinese (Simplified) English to Chinese (Traditional) English to Croatian English to Czech English to Danish English to Dutch English to Estonian English to Filipino English to Finnish English to French English to Galician English to German English to Greek English to Hebrew English to Hindi English to Hungarian English to Icelandic English to Indonesian English to Irish English to Italian English to Japanese English to Korean English to Latvian English to Lithuanian English to Macedonian English to Malay English to Maltese English to Norwegian English to Persian English to Polish English to Portuguese English to Romanian English to Russian English to Serbian English to Slovak English to Slovenian English to Spanish English to Swahili English to Swedish English to Thai English to Turkish English to Ukrainian English to Vietnamese English to Welsh English to Yiddish
(Altavista babelfish) Select a languageEnglish to Chinese-simpEnglish to Chinese-tradEnglish to DutchEnglish to PortugueseEnglish to FrenchEnglish to GermanEnglish to GreekEnglish to ItalianEnglish to JapaneseEnglish to KoreanEnglish to RussianEnglish to Spanish
GHI Newsletter brings a fresh and focused perspective on LatAm´s dynamic healthcare industry to help you identify opportunities and grow in emerging markets.
Miami, FL—November 14, 2017—Despite a population of more than 600 million people and a rapid growing demand for healthcare services, Latin America has surprisingly little information on medical devices and equipment — until now. “We first noticed the lack of information on hospital equipment in Latin America in 2014 when we did a market intelligence […]
Miami, FL—October 26, 2017—Global Health Intelligence (GHI), the leading healthcare data analytics provider for emerging markets, has published a new data portrait of the medical devices and equipment market in Latin America. Based on HospiScope — its extensive and unique LatAm hospital database — and on other healthcare market intelligence the company gathers and analyzes […]
Global Health Intelligence publishes its 2017 ranking of hospitals in Latin America according to their equipment resources
Global IT Solutions Group is a leading website design company in Carabobo. Call Now: +91 9830453728. We also offer Android and IOS Mobile Apps Development, SEO & Digital Marketing, Software Development, CMS Web Design, eCommerce Design & Development and many more services.
At globalitsolutions we have set our standards among the best in the industry and one of the best web development service providers. We are proud of our quality service and the long list of satisfied customers. The team of web development working at globalitsolutions is one of the best team in Carabobo and are highly skilled to match the best in the web developer industry.
Since our inceptions we have offered a solid technical hand to our long list of clients in creating and developing a highly sound and catchy website in the eyes of the visitors. Our team of experts interacts with you at every point and try to develop a website customized to serve your needs. Our path of working is such as to make the path smooth to bring the ultimate success you so highly desire. We strongly recommend against cheap website development.
Globalitsolutions is now a company to reckon with having a backup of years of experience and a team of dedicated web developers who have effectively handed over projects completed to clients ranging of various domains like finance, e-commerce, education and many more.
Every time we would like to work in a challenging situation and execute work according to the needs of the clients. We set a deadline and work according to a plan creating top notch websites for any products and ultimately create a brand value through the properly developed web development program
The web world is constantly changing and there is every time entry of new technologies. Out team of web developers always update themselves with the latest technologies to give a boost to our highly valued clients by offering solutions related to online marketing branding the best of the digital world to our clients.
We provide a basket of solutions and options available to suit your tailored requirements. So if you are looking for any kind of web programming and designservice and eager to create an impact in the digital world. We are here to serve you with all the expertise.
At globalitsolutions we would look after all your web development requirements by offering solutions which are responsive to your needs and at the same time profitable to your business. Our team of experts always keep up with the maintenance work and work for the improving the existing website any time the need arises.
Our prime objective is to present superb, professional web development services to all our highly valued clients and we intend to bring many more under our umbrella of services. In executing our work we include the ideas expressed by our clients and blend it with our expert ideas to offer comprehensive solutions to your web development needs.
Price charged for our service is very competitive and so website design costreasonably charged than our competitors. Our solutions are cost effective and make your online presence more visible to the eyes of your customers thereby enabling you to get more clients over your competitors.
Our web development programteam in Carabobo undertakes extensive research and offer some of the best user-friendly solutions for your business setting up some high standards for your business. So if you are looking to create a presence in the digital world and reap the benefit of a great online presence, contact us without delay for our range of web development services like HTML/CSS, CMS SOLUTIONS, CRM DEVELOPMENT and many more.
(36) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from Hameed bin Ziyad from Ali bin as-Sabah from Abu Ali al-Hasan bin Muhammad al-Hadhrami from Ja'far bin Muhammad from Ibraheem bin Abdul Hameed from Iss’haq bin Abdul Aziz that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said when talking about the Qur’anic verse,
“Punishment is the rising of al-Qa'im (as) and the stated period of time is as the number of the companions, who has fought in the battle of Badr, and as the number of the companions of al-Qa'im (as).”72
Guess who has paid for Eve for a year without logging in once? Eurydia Vespasian 23 2017.01.30 16:36:10
i have a working sso but how should i work with multiple logins as in the same use will login back in to the web page do they need to do auth every time ?
The way I handle this is storing the scopes that a person logs in with each time. Then, when the user goes to log in with more scopes, it sees what they are authing does not match what is stored so will fetch and store a new refresh token as well. However if they are logging out and back in with the same scopes it would retain the old refresh token since nothing is new.
You also can use cookies or something so that they do not have to sign back in when leaving and coming back to your site.
victorian style furniture bedroom the royal touch of elegance with cheap for sale,victorian style furniture characteristics amsden bedroom divan living room chairs,victorian style furniture in india couch amazing for antique bedroom wiki,victorian style furniture stores cheap for sale chairs with idea,luxury style furniture 2 sofa victorian canada bedroom sets,wholesale antique style in art furniture victorian uk singapore cream bedroom,victorian style furniture history near me bedroom sets,delighted style bedroom sets ideas with enchanting victorian furniture stores near me bathroom uk,royal style furniture 1 seat sofa wing victorian for sale bedroom white cheap,victorian style furniture stores for sale wikipedia sofa a liked on featuring.
Back in the days, young Eddie Ness and Kryptofauna took a deep dive into the local underground scene of Hamburg by developing a deep affection for House and Techno. Today, as Epikur they “found their sound“, as the saying goes: imagine a thing like Tribal-Acid-Funk. they got hold on their first residency at infamous EGO club in 2011, followed by a residency at Der Stur from ’14 to ’16. Finally, the duo became part of the well selected pool of regulars at Hamburg’s PAL club in 2014, a love affair that continues until now. Besides all this, Epikur are members of the Lehult family, a label run by super close friends – obviously the perfect platform to put out their first studio productions. Looking back on quite a few memorable B2B’s plus calling a multifaceted record collection their own, Epikur can cope with the whole range of the common set times in a club: be it rising the crowd’s curiosity at midnight, dropping full-on main time bombs or playing late and long euphoric closings (which is their secret passion, rumors say). Levente Pavelka aka Levente is also a resident at Hamburg’s top PAL club, and is affiliated with the labels Avioground Records, The Soundgarden and PAL’s Highly Recommended parties. Formerly of Chicago, Jacob Meehan got his start on the airwaves of WLUW 88.7FM, behind the counter at Gramaphone Records, and as a resident at Smart Bar. Starting in 2011 Meehan and his friends (Harry Cross, Anthony “Ace” Pabey, and Mister Wallace) made a lasting mark on Chicago’s music scene with an underground party called Men’s Room, which attempted to update Chicago’s stale gay scene — both in musical taste and sexual attitude, breathing new life into old pre-AIDS venues like The Bijou Theater and The Jackhammer Complex. In September 2016 Meehan relocated to Berlin, where he has gigged successfully in popular Berlin underground venues. He is also a part of the organizing committee of Whole Festival.
(37) Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Sa'eed narrated from Ahmad bin Yousuf from Issma'eel bin Mihran from al-Hasan bin Ali from his father and Wuhayb from Abu Baseer that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said about this verse,
“It has been revealed about al-Qa'im (as) and his companions. They will meet together without an appointment.”74
(38) Ali bin al-Husayn al-Mass’oodi narrated from Muhammad bin Yahya al-Attar al-Qummi from Muhammad bin Hassaan ar-Razi from Muhammad bin Ali al-Kufi from Abdurrahman bin Abu Najran from al-Qassim75 from Abu Baseer that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said about the verse,
“Permission (to fight) is given to those upon whom war is made because they are oppressed, and most surely Allah is well able to assist them:”76
(39) Ali bin Ahmad narrated from Obaydillah bin Musa from Ahmad bin Muhammad bin Khalid from his father from Muhammad bin Sulayman ad-Daylami from Abu Baseer that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said about the verse,
“Allah recognizes them. But the verse has been revealed about al-Qa'im. He will recognize them by their marks and then he and his companions will strike them with their swords.”79
(40) Ali bin Ahmad narrated from Obaydillah bin Musa al-Alawi from Muhammad bin Abdul Jabbar from Safwan bin Yahya from Abu Sa'eed al-Mukari that al-Harith bin al-Mugheera an-Nasri had said:
He said: “You will know him by (executing) halal and haram (permissibility and impermissibility), by the need of people to him whereas he will never need any one and that the weapon of the Prophet (S) will be with him.”
(41) Muhammad bin Hammam and Muhammad bin al-Hasan bin Muhammad bin Jumhoor narrated from al-Hasan bin Muhammad bin Jumhoor from his father from Sulayman bin Suma’a that Abul Jarood had said:
“I said to Abu Ja'far al-Baqir (as): If the present imam of Ahlul Bayt leaves to the better world, with what will the next one be recognized?”
He said: “With guidance, calmness, gravity, acknowledging his virtue by Muhammad’s progeny and that he will not be asked about anything in the east or in the west unless he will give the right answer.”81
(42) Muhammad bin Hammam narrated from Hameed bin Ziyad al-Kufi from al-Hasan bin Muhammad bin Suma’a from Ahmad bin al-Hasan al-Maythami from his uncle al-Husayn bin Issma'eel that Ya'qoob bin Shu’ayb had said:
“Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) said to me: Would I show you the shirt that al-Qa'im will put on when he rises?”
He opened a case and took a shirt out of it. He spread the shirt. There was some blood on its left sleeve. He said:
“This is the shirt of the Prophet (S). This blood dropped on it from the Prophet’s mouth on the day when his front teeth had been struck.”
I kissed the spots of blood and put them on my face. Then Abu Abdullah (as) folded the shirt and put it back in its place.”82
(43) Ali bin Ahmad narrated from Obaydillah bin Musa al-Alawi from Ali bin al-Hasan from Ali bin Hassaan from Abdurrahman bin Katheer that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said about this Qur’anic verse,
“It is our matter (the appearance of al-Qa'im). Allah has ordered not to hasten it until it is assisted with three armies; the angels, the believers and terror. His (al-Qa'im’s) advent will be like the advent of the Prophet (S). Allah has said,
“Even as your Lord caused you to go forth from your house with the truth, though a party of the believers were surely averse.84”85
Online services - Check out the online services on offer by clicking on the icons at the bottom of the page.
New Practice Manager- We are delighted to announce the appointment of our new Practice Manager Mark Donaldson.
Patient Participation Group - Then join our patient participation group. We hold meetings at the practice on the 3rd Wednesday of every month at 6pm. No booking necessary, you can just turn up on the day.
Flu vaccination?- If you still need to get your winter flu vaccination, it isn't too late. To book your winter flu vaccination, please call 01706 646 234 and speak to one of our friendly receptionists. Alternatively, you can book one face to face when next at the practice.
Welcome to Stonefield Street Surgery's website. This website was designed to provide you with up to date news and information on Stonefield Street Surgery and also allow you to:
We will endeavour to keep this website up to date with details we feel could be relevant to you. Please browse our website and feel free to provide us with your feedback. We'd particularly appreciate your thoughts on how to improve our online services and further develop the website to make it more useful to you.
At Stonewall, we believe that all young people have the right to an empowering learning environment, regardless of their gender. That’s why we have worked with UCL, Cardiff University and University of Brighton to develop a new training course for schools. Gender In The Classroom equips teachers with the tools to understand and tackle harmful gender stereotypes in schools. This course is available to primary schools, secondary schools and colleges.
Develop an understanding of how pupils are affected by gender expectations and stereotypes at school
The skills and tools to create a learning environment where all students are able to thrive, regardless of gender
We are currently looking for schools to take part in our FREE pilot sessions and tell us what they think about this training course. If you would like to sign up for a pilot session, we would like to hear from you. This course is available to primary schools, secondary schools and colleges.
November 2018 Special: Free Tactical Flashlight with every mdse. order over $ 75.00 ! (added in pkg)
USB-S5-CD: Charge and Data Cable for Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy Note 3. 36" long. Heavy-duty cable, with reinforced plugs. Enables high-speed charging and data transfer.
USB-DC-DP4.1: DC-USB vehicle charger for Smartphones and Tablets. Total combined output is 4.1A max. Charges phones at 1A rate, and Tables at 3.1A rate.
DC4USB-10A: DC to USB adapter,4 ports, 10-Amp 50-Watt combined output. Plugs into 12-24VDC (DC socket); has 4 USB output ports. 10A combined output; can charge 4 devices at once !
We are a manufacturer, retailer, wholesaler, and designer of thousands of different battery products.
excessive discharging, dropping, submerging, and other similar exposures are not covered by the warranty.
The Greenbrier Mattress is now available in your home- The Greenbrier Queen Mattress Set by Imperial Bedding Company offers the perfect combination of comfort and support providing the ultimate sleep experience. Our mattress features a 14 inch Luxurious two-sided comfort top for maximum motion absorption and deeply restful sleep. The two-sided comfort top is easily flipped and adjusted with designer border handles, providing even wear and easy adjusting. The ImperiCoil Technology innerspring mattress head to toe construction provides pressure relief comfort and a balanced sleeping surface. Both sides of the mattress feature an one inch layer of high density resilience foam, 1.5 inch heavy density super soft foam covered with a heavy weight rayon cotton blend quilt top for extra softness and comfort. The Flex-Grid Box Spring Technology offers a high-quality modular spring system designed to provide proper weight distribution and support for increased comfort and durability.
This system is presented through performed examples and graphics, and is usable by drummers of all styles. Dividing your drumming into time signature, subdivision, dynamics, instrument sounds, limbs, style, and phrases, Mike demonstrates dozens of grooves, fills, and patterns from easy to extremely advanced. He systematically shows you how to use the Grid to expand your understanding of music and drumming, and improve your physical abilities.
Filmed in two different studios on two different drum kits, including Mike’s signature Dream Theater setup during the recording of the band’s latest album, this DVD presents a brand-new and unique philosophy by one of the leading drummers of our time.
Using Mike’s system, you can grow exponentially as a drummer by increasing your speed, developing better independence, learning to use ostinatos and expanding your knowledge of styles. You will also learn to use polyrhythms, play in odd time signatures, develop a deeper understanding of the basics of rhythm and become a more creative player.
The Grid gives you a complete, intelligent, and fascinating system to achieve all this and more. “Mike’s new system is simply amazing!” says Hudson Music President, Rob Wallis. “There is so much you can learn and it just makes so much sense. That is why we had to do a 2 DVD set.” This deluxe package includes an extensive PDF eBook with over 50 transcribed examples, as well as extensive text, definitions and diagrams of the Grid. There are also two bonus drum solos, including one filmed on tour with Dream Theater.
Mike Mangini is an accomplished educator, clinician and Grammy nominated drummer. He has taught at the prestigious Berklee College of Music, has drumming awards too numerous to list and is officially the World’s Fastest Drummer in five categories. Mike has recorded and/or toured with Extreme, Godsmack and Steve Vai and is now an official member of Dream Theater.
Creative, service-minded high school students honoring the elderly by writing stories about their lives.
Are you a student, parent, teacher, school administrator, or work in the elder care industry and interested in starting a local Storied Lives program?
Read stories from students written about their elderly person during the course of their Storied Lives program.
(44) Abu Sulayman Ahmad bin Hawtha narrated from Ibraheem bin Iss’haq an-Nahawandi from Abdullah bin Hammad al-Ansari from Ali bin Abu Hamza that Abu Abdullah as-Sadiq (as) had said:
“When al-Qa'im rises, the swords will be brought down. On each sword there will be the name of the man, who will use it in fighting, and the name of his father.”89
O people of understanding! Would you please ponder a little on these traditions that talk about al-Qa'im (as), his conduct, his virtue, the angels, who will support him, his rough cloths and coarse food, his strife to obey Allah, his jihad for the sake of Allah to do away with injustice, oppression and tyranny, and to spread justice, fairness and kindness, the aspects of his companions, who will be three hundred and thirteen men, who will be the rulers of the world and by whom, with the support of the angels, the east and the west will be conquered?
It is clear that the high position and honored rank that Allah has granted to Imam al-Mahdi, have not been granted to any of the previous imams (as). Allah has made Imam al-Mahdi (aj) the means that will carry out His promise, which He has promised the Prophet (S) of; to perfect the religion and make it prevail over all religions.
(46) Ali bin Ahmad al-Bandaneeji narrated from Obaydillah bin Musa al-Alawi from al-Hasan bin Mo’awiya from al-Hasan bin Mahboob that Khallad bin as-Saffar had said:
37. It has been proved by the true traditions that the martyr Zayd (may Allah be pleased with him) has been praised for his high position and his great situation against oppression and for his invitation to apply the real laws of Islam besides inviting people to acknowledge the imamate of Imam ar-Redha (as). So this tradition is either to be denied or to be interpreted anyway.
SalonCentric, a subsidiary of L’Oréal USA, is the premiere wholesale distributor in the United States of the finest salon professional beauty brands and we’re seeking qualified candidates.
Say goodbye to the mall, late nights and long weekends and enjoy desirable hours with most major holidays off!
Deliver Results – Sell the finest professional beauty brands and educate customers on promotions, upcoming sales events and advertised products; process and replenish merchandise; prepare and participate in physical inventories and periodic cycle counts; maintain store appearance; process sales and return transactions.
Be an Expert – Gain essential product knowledge & share exciting beauty industry trends with our customers
SALON CENTRIC IS AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER AND AFFORDS EQUAL OPPORTUNITY TO ALL APPLICANTS FOR ALL POSITIONS WITHOUT REGARD TO RACE, COLOR, RELIGION, GENDER (INCLUDING PREGNANCY), NATIONAL ORIGIN, AGE, DISABILITY, VETERAN STATUS, SEXUAL ORIENTATION OR ANY OTHER STATUS PROTECTED UNDER LOCAL, STATE OR FEDERAL LAWS.
AllArgentinaAustraliaAustriaBelgiumBrazilBulgariaCanadaChileChinaColombiaCzech RepublicDenmarkEstoniaFinlandFranceGermanyHong KongHungaryIndiaIndonesiaIrelandIsraelItalyJapanKazakhstanLatviaLiechtenstein (Headquarters)LithuaniaMalaysiaMexicoMiddle East & AfricaNetherlandsNew ZealandPanamaPhilippinesPolandPortugalQatarRomaniaRussiaSaudi ArabiaSingaporeSlovakiaSouth AfricaSouth KoreaSpainSwedenSwitzerlandTaiwanThailandTurkeyUkraineUnited Arab EmiratesUnited KingdomUnited StatesVenezuelaVietnam
With rewards and opportunities to move around the business, it’s a great place to develop and fast-track your career.
If you want an exciting first career move with lots of responsibility from the start, it doesn’t get more dynamic or more progressive than Hilti. Show us your commitment, courage, passion and curiosity, and we’ll give you every opportunity to demonstrate what you’re made of.
Hilti Outperformer is a global management development program like no other - and an experience you don’t want to miss. We’re talking international assignments, IMD business school, a life-changing social project, exposure to the board…all designed to prepare you for a global leadership career.
Kick start your career while still at university by doing an internship, thesis or work-study program with us. If you’re an outstanding student with ambitions to match, it’s a fantastic opportunity to apply your academic abilities to the real business world.
'rn OR registered OR nurse OR icu OR days OR kindred OR hospital OR the OR heights OR STATECODE:"TX"' Jobs | MGMA Career Center
11,850 'rn OR registered OR nurse OR icu OR days OR kindred OR hospital OR the OR heights OR STATECODE:"TX"' Jobs
The pursuit of certification deepened my understanding of complex practice management issues, resulting in career advancement, increased income and greater impact on the daily operations of my group.
'sciencepart OR time OR with OR possibility OR f OR ft OR position OR STATECODE:"ME"' Jobs | NSTA Career Center
UCSC California Teach: Intern Coordinator (Open until filled. For full consideration, apply by 7/ 18/ 18)
We're dedicated to improving science instruction and increasing public awareness of science education. Let us know how we are doing.
A person who wishes to become a successful structural engineer should be aware of the type of skills and the required educational qualifications or the courses needed to succeed in this profession. The job of a structural engineer is to research, design and plan the structural system of a building. It is also necessary to evaluate the economic, environmental, aesthetic and social factors when designing a structure or a building.
Candidates can pursue careers in structural engineering or take up a civil engineering course that includes structural engineering in the syllabus. Aspiring job applicants or school students can follow the tips mentioned in this article to get structural engineer jobs.
A solid footing in subjects like Calculus, Science, Drafting and Physics is required. Enroll in classes in these subjects, especially if you have difficulty in understanding the concept or subject.
Applicants should be an expert in using common computer applications and relevant drafting software. Enroll in training programs or courses to develop the necessary computer skills. There are several online tutorials that can provide useful information on these topics and enable candidates to do self-study.
Explore suitable schools or a college that offers advanced courses in structural engineering. Research schools or colleges that offer the best civil engineering courses that include advanced studies in structural engineering.
Register for relevant core courses that include material mechanics, conceptual structural design, numerical analysis, statistics, and material science to land jobs in structural engineering.
Job aspirants should develop communication and teamwork skills by working on presentations and projects as part of a team. Enroll in English speaking courses to hone communication skills that will help in explaining complex ideas to clients and other workers.
Seek membership in a reputable association of structural engineers. Find out details about the association and speak to some of the existing members to learn more about the advantages of being a part of the association. It is also recommended to contact the National Council of Structural Engineering Associations (NCSEA) to find a reliable, professional organization.
Some colleges or schools may host a mentorship program. An established or successful structural engineer whom you wish to emulate should be contacted for support and guidance.
Apply for a license to practice as a civil engineer once you have completed the course. Job aspirants can approach The American Society of Civil Engineers (ASCE) for support in obtaining this license.
Participate in industry conferences on structural engineering or attend workshops on this topic. These events provide the opportunity to find out about the latest developments in this industry and find out about employment opportunities in the industry.
Job aspirants or candidates who wish to pursue a career in the field of structural engineering need to be aware of the educational qualifications and course requirements to qualify and apply for a job in this field.
(ყველა მარკა) Acura (2) Alfa Romeo (211) Aston Martin (34) Audi (2120) BMW (6387) Bentley (72) Birkin (1) Buick (1) Cadillac (90) Chevrolet (103) Chrysler (438) Citroen (201) Daihatsu (14107) Daimler (5) Dodge (45) Ferrari (106) Fiat (447) Ford (323) GM (239) GMC (8) Germany Others (1) Hino (2612) Honda (15700) Hummer (31) Hyundai (3) Infiniti (8) Isuzu (4330) Jaguar (192) Jeep (315) Komatsu (1) Lamborghini (49) Lancia (6) Land Rover (37) Lexus (129) Lincoln (16) Lotus (13) MCC (65) MG (2) Maserati (132) Maybach (1) Mazda (6702) Mercedes-Benz (4620) Mini (1) Mitsubishi (8522) Mitsubishi Fuso (75) Mitsuoka (124) Nissan (21538) Opel (7) Other All (1) Others (143) Peugeot (371) Pontiac (1) Porsche (639) Renault (218) Rolls-Royce (17) Rover (269) Saab (2) Smart (73) Subaru (6229) Suzuki (16385) TCM (1) Toyota (41749) Volkswagen (2341) Volvo (678) YANMAR (2)
მაქსიმუმ ფასდაკლება % 1% 2% 3% 4% 5% 6% 7% 8% 9% 10% 11% 12% 13% 14% 15% 16% 17% 18% 19% 20% 21% 22% 23% 24% 25% 26% 27% 28% 29% 30% 31% 32% 33% 34% 35% 36% 37% 38% 39% 40% 41% 42% 43% 44% 45% 46% 47% 48% 49% 50% 51% 52% 53% 54% 55% 56% 57% 58% 59% 60% 61% 62% 63% 64% 65% 66% 67% 68% 69% 70% 71% 72% 73% 74% 75% 76% 77% 78% 79% 80% 81% 82% 83% 84% 85% 86% 87% 88% 89% 90% 91% 92% 93% 94% 95% 96% 97% 98% 99% 100%
ძარის ტიპი ავტობუსი / მიკროავტობუსი (628) მოტოციკლეტი (0) კონვერტირებადი (1059) კუპე (2371) ჰეჩბეკი (27867) აპარატურა (32) მინი ავტომობილი (11973) სედანი (14731) ჯიპი (15608) სატვირთო (11208) UTE (0) ფურგონი / მინივენი (9795) ვაგონი (21403) სხვა (7781)
Got a quick question. In the Apex release there are a few new boxes such as the Uniform Box that allows a ton of storage. I have created a Airdrop of this box with Uniforms, Vest, Helmets and Backpacks but the problem I am having is the parachute opens then boom disappears then this box just drops to the ground with the flares.It doesn't get damage but why would the parachute open up then disappear like that on this box causing this box to just drop like that?
Also is there a way to nest filled boxes within a cargo contain then have them dropped? Meaning can I fill Uniform boxes with Items then place these uniform boxes in the cargo container like I can do with walls and such? If so how would I go about this?
Howdy Apoc, Lately I've been getting reports of every hummingbird air dropped explodes, so I tested this and so far damn near everyone does. I'm not exactly sure how long this has been going on or even what "version" I'm using. any place for updated apoc airdrop? or any ideas?
For anybody's information the Blackfish actually works well with Apoc's Airdrop. I just both setWaypointCompletionRadius to 5....
//if (_type == "vehicle") then {_object allowDamage true;}; //Turn on damage for vehicles once they're in the 'chute. Could move this until they hit the ground. Admins choice.
Just re added this back to my mission and i noticed that it dropped the item a good 500 meters away from me could the following error be related to it if so what should i be looking at to rectify it please
so i just got the updated air drop but there is no audio for when you call in the airdrop.. its just quiet tell the heli comes... is this a know thing or is there somewere i have to re add it to the file
Good evening, I'm using the Airdrop but the infistar bani any player when it's going to use the Airdrop, could someone tell me why? Thank you!
I've modified all the files as this thread instruction tells me to. I cannot get the airdrop option to appear on the player menu. In fact, when I have the mpmission file loaded that includes these modified files to make the air drop work, I loose the "player menu" option and "holster weapon" option on the player menu accessed with the mouse wheel. Any help would be appreciated.
I am running Arma3 wasteland on a dedicated multiplayer server. I can't see anything on the server.rpt that helps me understand what is wrong.
I think I had the very same problem when i copied the code from the first post. There wasn't a " ," at the end of the line try copying the code below which now has a "," at the end, Overwrite your line you put in and see if that will work.
It's worth noting that an engine out L/D will be lower than can be achieved with the engine idling due to the increased drag at the intakes and exhaust.
It was mentioned will have every type currently in use by RAF and from what I've read elsewhere I reckon (and hope) it may look something like this
neil305 wrote: It was mentioned will have every type currently in use by RAF and from what I've read elsewhere I reckon (and hope) it may look something like this
Doesn't the list need some Grobs i.e. Tutor, Prefect and Viking (!) to include every type in service?
Are we to assume the flypast will exit via Northolt overhead? Am planning to pop up to that area to see the flypast. No bothered about photos just want to see it.
Looks like post Buck House some will head to NHT, some rumoured to be coming through LHR overhead and some further south. There appears to be 3 different routes in Swaffham, Thetford and Colchester.
I usually head to Northolt for the QBF. The past couple of years, the 'display' is rather spread out. Fighters and Tankers were in formation, but the Reds seemed to take a wider route. BBMF / Choppers etc didnt even make it.
Here is a map from 2016 by the RAF ( I think ) which shows the routes the different elements took after passing Buckingham Palace.
Disclaimer-I have spell/grammar checked this post, it may still contain mistakes that might cause offence.
Thanks for the info guys, it is mainly the Tornados and Typhoons I want to see, and maybe a F-35 or two?
I want to avoid overhead shots - too many of those silhouettes from a few trips to the Mall. Bet you can nearly touch them though!
Tip: If you are newly registered, check your spam folder if you haven't received your email confirmation.
E-Democracy builds online public space in the heart of real democracy and community. Our mission is to harness the power of online tools to support participation in public life, strengthen communities, and build democracy.
Help us support participation in public life, strengthen communities, and build our democracy, donate today!.
Hosted by E-Democracy. Sponsored by OnlineGroups.Net - easier email collaboration for your organization. Powered by GroupServer - open source web-based mailing list manager.
The seven-hospital program owned by Highmark Health hit positive mid-year operating numbers for the first time in more than a decade. Her husband Simon Van Kempen (net worth: $2 million) was the the basic manager of the Hotel Chandler in NYC but has given that left and is beginning his personal company. Rio Tinto must stick to quite a few laws, acts and also preserve the Unions pleased, even so there have been a couple of recent introductions which include the National Greenhouse and Power Reporting Act 2007. My hub on unemployment is my most popular hub, not necessarily with other hubbers, but with people who access it by way of Google. Possibly this is most telling: Among 1975 and 1995, no more than five expert kayakers died each year. I doubt there are a lot of, if any, homeless folks with sterling credit ratings. Each of these kids had been forever coming up with ideas to get them and everyone around them into problems. When you receive e mail notices from private on the internet job search web sites, you want to hold a record of when you opened them (it ought to the exact same day or shortly right after), and if any jobs listed interested you. In Australia, 1 newspaper group has utilised an AR app named News Alive to enable readers to discover a 3D version of buildings. It has been reassuring to study that what I have carried out naturally appears to be correct, that is to consume little meals with no fat. Ethanol’s supporters argue it has kept gasoline prices less expensive, helped lessen the nation’s dependence on foreign oil and produced regional jobs” (Marohn, K. 2012). An individual demands to develop a homeless shelter that will create skills life and job sensible..so they … Read More
Gigaba stated the PIC had also warned that South Africa risked exclusion from the planet government bond index. What I typically see with men and women that use bigger cages is that they use much more than 1 piece of fleece and they overlap so that it covers the complete bottom. Will also share on G+. Unemployment insurance is an critical security net for these fortunate enough to have it. And an anti-inflammatory diet for pancreatitis is extremely important. They launched their daily site in January 2015, and a printed paper shortly afterward. Currently have a paypal but this is a much required lens for these who are pondering about performing organization online. Burnaby NOW (portion of the NOW newspaper group) is a cost-free neighborhood newspaper that is published twice a week. It is a fortunate sign for a man to dream of setting traps, but for a lady it signifies that she has misplaced her trust. I want the approach of producing paper bricks to be quicker and simpler than that. It can also be leaves, cloth, paper, branches on the ground pointing in a particular direction, and so forth that thieves use to pave the way for other folks to know how, where and when to get entrance to a house. If your dream involved being with young children at a circus or taking them to a single, it is a sign of exceptional luck in monetary matters otherwise, it is a warning to be far more cautious of the impression you make on other individuals. I am a middle-aged person with autism who barely survived homelessness and continues to struggle with the physical harm individuals triggered me throughout that time over two decades later.
Norfolk mayor- elect Kristal Chopp spoke of the need to harmonize economic growth with environmental...
Norfolk County’s long-awaited Book of Remembrance was unveiled Thursday at Governor Simcoe Square....
TEETERVILLE — A parade marched from the centre of Teeterville on Sunday to a large crowd waiting a...
OTTAWA — About a hundred people crowded the steps in front of the Peace Tower on Parliament Hill F...
A $2-million blaze in Fairground was one of two total loss fires that kept firefighters in the west ...
Two people were killed in a three-vehicle crash on Highway 6 near Hagersville on Wednesday morning.&...
What do classic scary movies such as Friday the 13th, Nightmare on Elm Street and Halloween have in ...
VANESSA — A man was taken to a trauma centre Thursday morning with life-threatening injuries follo...
Traffic on Norfolk Street South in Simcoe was disrupted Friday morning after a natural gas main was ...
Downtown Simcoe turned a corner Thursday with the announcement that the Norfolk Inn has been sold an...
A Norfolk County man who has struggled with mental health issues through much of his life got a thre...
WATERFORD – Voters in Norfolk County have distinct management styles to choose from on the mayoral...
The 178th Norfolk County Fair ended Monday with a reminder of what might’ve been and a hint of wha...
LA SALETTE – When Bernie and Debra Byer close their general store in La Salette Friday, the lights...
The Norfolk County Fair doesn’t open to the public till Tuesday but in many respects it is already...
This week was a time for parting words as three members of Norfolk council took their leave for good...
Patience and hard work paid off for a 12-year-old Waterford student on Saturday. Jasmine Klunder, a ...
Norfolk County Public Library employees Karen Sullivan and Sam Morris are preparing for the library&...
The annual Terry Fox Run is an emotional day for many as participants walk to support the dream of F...
Move over soybean, there’s a leafy new green kid in Southwestern Ontario with a budding profile th...
A member of Norfolk council thinks the new signs going up at entry points around the county need som...
It took mere seconds to deface a downtown Simcoe structure that Lions Club members spent weeks build...
Careless smoking is cited as a possible factor in a $300,000 fire at an apartment complex in Simcoe ...
TURKEY POINT – Some were surprised and disappointed with voter turnout in Norfolk in the 2014 muni...
PORT ROWAN - The pews in the Port Rowan Community Church were covered in history on the weekend.&...
The apparent popularity of food trucks in downtown Simcoe could have an impact on Norfolk policy in ...
Expect Rotarians in Norfolk County and beyond to cultivate a higher profile in the communities they ...
Gus and Willow are more than pets to Rick and Darlene Postill. The chocolate labs are family. And th...
PORT DOVER - Thousands of visitors turned out on the weekend to shop for unique items at a festival ...
Parents concerned about what their children will learn about sex at school this fall will have to ta...
The next mayor of Norfolk will support establishing retail storefronts in the county for the sale of...
PORT DOVER – A Port Dover developer has learned the hard way that it is hazardous to undertake maj...
Some young people are using part of their summer vacation to think about a future in the trades.&...
WATERFORD — Jason Persall shrugs off any worries that his Norfolk County sunflower farm will exper...
Young people enrolled in Norfolk’s Student Start- up Program this summer are enjoying an increased...
WATERFORD - An oak tree that derived from a handful of acorns picked up by a Canadian soldier a Vimy...
Norfolk OPP said Thursday that charges are pending after a young Norfolk County couple were killed i...
WATERFORD - More than 1,000 people turned out to the fourth annual Invasion of the Dragon Boats fest...
TURKEY POINT - A boat docked at Mcdonald Turkey Point Marina was destroyed by fire Friday morning.&a...
DELHI - Billy Armstrong is familiar with the roads of Norfolk County but on Sunday he got to experie...
Building a reliable road between Port Rowan and Long Point is going to take a lot of patience and a ...
PORT DOVER – Fire caused substantial damage to a Port Dover home this weekend. The alarm at 818 Ma...
The Salvation Army Thrift Store in downtown Simcoe was shut down over the noon hour Thursday followi...
A long-standing tradition in Port Dover is under threat following a policy change at Norfolk County....
County staff was lauded by council this week for making the best of a bad situation with the Long Po...
Voth Truck Bodies celebrated a grand opening for its newly expanded production facility in Courtland...
Some semblance of normalcy is about to return to Long Point after a month-long disruption of the roa...
Norfolk County appears clear to award a contract next week for repairs to the Misner dam in Port Dov...
Norfolk Mayor Charlie Luke has requested a meeting with Haldimand-norfolk MPP Toby Barrett now that ...
A celebration for all Catholic churches in Norfolk County attracted about 900 people Sunday to Simco...
WATERFORD – Environment Canada has concluded that a tornado plowed through Norfolk and Haldimand d...
SELKIRK – A team of Environment Canada investigators was in Haldimand Thursday analyzing damage fr...
A late afternoon storm wednesday left a wake of destruction in its path just south of Waterford.&...
About two-dozen residents from various backgrounds gave Norfolk County officials their impressions o...
Local MPP Toby Barrett is enjoying some post-election buzz as a potential appointee to Doug Ford’s...
Local MPP Toby Barrett made it seven victories in a row as he handily won re-election Thursday in Ha...
Premier Kathleen Wynne made her final stop on the 2018 provincial campaign in Port Dover Wednesday a...
DELHI – The Ontario government it taking increasing interest in the Delhi Community Health Centre ...
Marathoner Mike Mathews made a wish before he embarked on his latest ultra-running adventure at the ...
RENTON – Police, paramedics, health officials and social service agencies are pooling their resour...
Traffic on Townsend Concession 11 east of Blue Line Road was disrupted Monday morning when a large l...
apache SHA-2? lol Perfectly fine with me as long as someone else does the hard work upgrades encryption to ROT26 Twice as secure as ROT13 that would make a nice changelog there are lots of implementations of SHA256, brandano so the hard work is done with an option for cereal packet decoder ring? hi all All is not in today, ALVAN i got a question ..how can i found out why i have so many CLOSE_WAIT processes I wonder what she will say the day All is in hi all All is not in today, All Now you know i got 941 CLSOE_WAIT apche processes i is this ..and they never die ALVAN: Someone is attempting to DOS you, and you might want to block them at the firewall.
DrBacchus ALVAN: Someone is attempting to DOS you, and you might want to block them at the firewall.
The subject of the Enquiry is the contributions that moral sense and reason make in our moral judgments. Hume claims that moral sense makes the ultimate distinction between vice and virtue, though both moral sense and reason play a role in our formation of moral judgments. Reason is important when we have to make a judgment about what is useful, for reason alone can determine how and why something is useful to us or to others. Hume briefly addresses what moral judges usually include in their lists of virtues, what they leave out, and how they make these lists. He then returns to the classification of virtues he proposed first in the Treatise.
Hume first distinguishes between artificial and natural virtues. Artificial virtues depend on social structures and include justice and fidelity to promises; allegiance; chastity and modesty; and duties of sovereign states to keep treaties, to respect boundaries, to protect ambassadors, and to otherwise subject themselves to the law of nations. Hume defines each of these virtues and explains how each manifests itself in the world. He notes that artificial virtues vary from society to society.
Natural virtues, on the other hand, originate in nature and are more universal. They include compassion, generosity, gratitude, friendship, fidelity, charity, beneficence, clemency, equity, prudence, temperance, frugality, industry, courage, ambition, pride, modesty, self-assertiveness, good sense, wit and humor, perseverance, patience, parental devotion, good nature, cleanliness, articulateness, sensitivity to poetry, decorum, and an elusive quality that makes a person lovely or valuable. Some of these virtues are voluntary, such as pride, while others are involuntary, such as good sense.
As in the Treatise, Hume explains that reason does not cause our actions. Instead, moral sentiments, or passions, motivate us to act. In the Enquiry, however, Hume goes further to state that our actions are caused by a combination of utility and sentiment. In other words, we must care about the outcome if we are to care about the means by which it is achieved. Several sections of the Enquiry are devoted to utility, the first and most important of the four kinds of virtue, which Hume calls “virtuous because useful.” He also addresses benevolence and its role in the moral process. Specifically, Hume says that benevolent acts are virtuous because they are useful to many others.
Because he locates the basis of virtue in utility rather than in God-given reason, Hume’s list of virtues implicitly forms a rejection of Christian morality. Items such as ambition are vices under the old model, so Hume’s acceptance of them into his catalog is an insult to religious theorists. However, Hume is consistent in his theory that these traits are virtues because they fulfill his two requirements for moral sentiments: they must be useful to ourselves or others, or they must be pleasing to ourselves or others. Furthermore, Hume rejects the concept of morality as strictly voluntary. Instead, he divides his list into voluntary and involuntary virtues, claiming that separating them is necessary only when devising a system of reward and punishment. He is not interested in creating or endorsing such a system, so he makes no such distinctions in his moral philosophy.
Our in-house team works with your pre-designed files to promote your company at sporting events, corporate sponsorship days and even in retail with our beds branded under your name. Contact us today for more information about our customisable products. Reception: Accounts: We appreciate your visit to our site and hope to hear from you!
The most important part of buying a Used Alfa Romeo for sale is ensuring the price is fair. If you don't know how to do that, here is a useful check-list for you:
First, set up a total budget. Keep in mind that your budget is not only for the car price, but also for tax, registration fee, and any maintenance fees afterward.
Second, there are many promotion deals, such as Free Shipping, FOB $1, $200 OFF on all stock, etc., so, stay tuned to our updated offers, you might get a lucky deal.
Last but not least, before jumping to one car, pick up a few best options among our Alfa Romeo cost range, check and compare the price, the condition of each carefully. We recommend you to input your final destination, so you can see and compare the total price to your port (CIF price).
A small tip for you at this step, do not pay too much attention in the cheapest car at first. Make sure you take into consideration the car mileage, condition, available accessories also. Then choose a car only after you compare the up-front saving on car price with the long-term saving on car maintenance. This way you can choose the best Alfa Romeo price for the long term.
Buying a Alfa Romeo low mileage within your budget can be a real challenge. But, before thinking about high mileage or low mileage, make sure the car mileage is not manipulated. Actually, by importing cars directly from Japan, you can minimize this risk. How? One way is to check the export certificate of the car, if the mileage shown in the car is less than the mileage written on the export certificate, that means the mileage has been re-wired. Another way is to ask for the auction sheet of the car (80% of the Japanese used cars for export have auction sheets). If the odometer has been rewired, it will be indicated clearly in the auction sheet.
Note: If you buy a car from a local showroom, there will be no way to check the export certificate or auction sheet of the car anymore, meaning, you cannot really check the authenticity of the mileage anymore.
After you have picked a list of options and checked the authenticity of the mileage of those cars, put more priority on the cars which have lower mileage.
As you are on this page, you might be wondering about Alfa Romeo fuel consumption. The fuel efficiency of a car depends mainly on 3 factors: (1) Engine size (2) Age of the car (3) Weight of the car. As you might have guessed Alfa Romeo good on fuel will be the brand new one. Talking about used cars, the older the car is, the higher the fuel consumption becomes. For 5-year-old cars, fuel efficiency drops around 15%-20%. Thus, when buying a used car, you should pick a low mileage one as it will give you better fuel efficiency.
Know what you need and only get what you need is always the way to a successful purchase. Driving alone is not exactly the same as a big family. There is a lot of difference between the needs of people who usually spend their time on the highway and those who usually spend their time commuting in the city during rushed hours. Therefore, it is important to take a step back and consider carefully which car would be the right choice, especially when you are Import Alfa Romeo from Japan. You should look for a right-sized vehicle, a right-sized engine, What is better, petrol or diesel? etc. The easiest way to do that is to make a list of what features that you want from your car and stick to it. Choose the car that perfectly serves your using purpose. In case you want to get more options, taking a look at other Cheap used cars for sale is an effective way to do.
Public transportation is well-developed, therefore, most of the people do not use cars for commuting. That explains why the cars with the same age would have less mileage in Japan than those in other countries.
We, Japanese people, are famous for the way we take care of our cars. We send our car to maintenance very frequently.
Japanese road has very good quality, 10,000 km running on Japanese road has very less effect on the car than 10,000 km running on roads in Indian or other countries.
We Japanese do not like second-hand stuff, so the price of used stuff in general, and used cars, in particular, are very cheap comparing to that in other countries.
In Japan, every car needs to go through a very strict inspection once in 2 years. Sometimes, even when the car is in good condition, if it does not comply with Japanese strict law for environment, the car is not allowed to run on the road anymore.
The fee to keep a car (storage charge, insurance, etc.) is very expensive in Japan, the fee to throw away stuff is also very expensive. Therefore, if a car is of no use, many people are willing to sell it out at a very low price.
That explains the excellent condition, and the attractive price of Japanese used cars. Go get the best Used Alfa Romeo for sale on CAR FROM JAPAN!
ქვეყანა Angola Anguilla Antigua and Barbuda Armenia Aruba Australia Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Benin Bermuda Bolivia Botswana British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Cyprus D.R. Congo Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Egypt Equatorial Guinea Ethiopia Fiji Finland France French Polynesia Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Grenada Guam Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong India Indonesia Ireland Italy Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea Kyrgyzstan Lao PDR Lesotho Liberia Libya Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritius Micronesia Mongol Montserrat Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nigeria Niue Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Quatar Republic of Guinea-Bissau Republic of the Congo Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Kitts And Nevis Samoa Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka St. Lucia St. Maarten St. Vincent Sudan Suriname Swaziland Sweden Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Togo Tonga Trinidad And Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turks And Caicos Islands Tuvalu UAE USA Uganda Ukraine United Kingdom Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe
After you share the payment receipt with us, we will share shipping schedule and other related information with you, so that you can get this car soon.
Click "Buy Now" button when you are ready to purchase. A PRICE QUOTATION document will be sent to your email within 10 min. The car will automatically reserved after all details are confirmed.
იმ შემთხვევაში თუ ფასი და მდგომარეობა არ იყო მითითებული ელექტრონულ შეტყობინებაში, თქვენ არ გჭირდებათ ჩვენთან დაკავშირება. ჩვენ თავად გამოგიგზავნით შეფასებას ელექტრონული შეტყობინების სახით.
Your password must be at least 6 characters long. For a stronger password, increase its length or combine upper and lowercase letters, digits, and symbols.
1v1 is get a better build order, reclaim better, dont up your mexes until you have a solid map control, 4 factories are not much for a small maps. People go with 6 on average for landspam on those.
Teamgame is build a PD or two, spam a little yourself and rely on your teammates to support you or wait with a mex upgrade and spam more since 4 factories are not much either considering he have to fight not only you with those units but also other players, though its more common.
~6 mantis will defeat a PD. They have like 50, 1-2 PD is not enough. Ill be building PD if people do that until mex ugprade or they mash their spam into PD.
Whiteheart wrote: biass on his campaign to cleanse and remake every single map of FAF because he is an untolerating reincarnation of mapping hitler
The enemy is spamming tons of strats with all eco he has, and my exps fall once he sees them, even when i had tons of AA around them. The same danger goes to ACU. Cybs dont have personal shields and none sam wall ever is able to stop this amout of strats. What can i do?
Get in the air game and make ASFs, or spam tons of t3 MAA. If your enemy already has an absolute air dominance with a lot of ASFs, there is not really much you can do... but if your enemy is aeon or seraphim, at the very least your commander will be safe as long as you can dodge his strats, then you can try to outspam him with your land.
angus000 wrote: Get in the air game and make ASFs, or spam tons of t3 MAA. If your enemy already has an absolute air dominance with a lot of ASFs, there is not really much you can do... but if your enemy is aeon or seraphim, at the very least your commander will be safe as long as you can dodge his strats, then you can try to outspam him with your land.
I couldnt outspam ith land, he has walls of PD and torpedo defs in water so i cant use bricks. Monkeylord is an option but it will still fall to walls of T1/T2 PD or ravagers (i gave him the whole map so he can do whatever) I've made a bug.
@Masyaka I recommend being more specific about your questions. Try to include a replay id, name of the map or other important details otherwise its kinda hard to give good advice.
You are not logged in. [Log In] FingerLakes1.com Homepage » Forums » Community Forums » Seneca County » A rapist out on bail, kills two
Judge isn't named in the Sheriff's press release, but the bail seems pretty low. But doesn't the DAs office weigh in on the amount of the bail/bond?
A Waterloo man was arrested on multiple felony charges after a violent domestic incident on Tuesday, according to Seneca County Sheriff Tim Luce.
On Tuesday at about 10:32 am investigators arrested Emerson J. Tohafjian, 48, of Waterloo on charges related to that violent incident, which happened in the Town of Fayette.
During the incident, it is alleged that Tohafjian repeatedly choked a female victim, threatened to kill her numerous times, and forcibly raped her. In addition, investigators say he caused injury to a cat by throwing a cat carrier with the animal inside.
Tohafjian was arraigned in the Fayette Town Court and remanded to the Seneca County Correctional Facility on $10,000 cash bail or $20,000 secured bond. He is scheduled to reappear in the Fayette Town Court at a later date.
Sheriff’s Investigators were assisted by the Sheriff’s Office Road Patrol Division, New York State Police, and the Waterloo Police Department.
Deputies say a 48-year-old Romulus man was arrested on assault charges following a domestic incident that took place on June 3rd.
Emerson J. Tohafjian, 48, was charged with third-degree assault, criminal obstruction of breathing, second-degree menacing, and fourth-degree criminal mischief following the investigation of a domestic incident.
He was arraigned in Fayette Town Court and remanded to the Seneca County Correctional Facility in lieu of $500 cash bail.
An order of protection was issued on behalf of the victim. The charges will be answered at a later date in Varick Town Court.
Apparently, he could not double the bail, as the DA requested, but he certainly could have issued the bench warrant.
Both women if they were able to come back, a "flogging" would be much better than eternal death. What's your stance on standing before a family who had to bury their love one averse to defending a family member who just happen to be a judge?
I question your motives when 2 families must grieve a love one's death while you get defensive over another's "reputation" Note: I was waiting for you to defend even the perpetrator since I called him a rapist and not a person accused of rape, since the laws in our country states that you are innocent until proven guilty.
I have no dog in this fight and no motives to be served. I also haven't seen a transcript if the proceeding. I'm also very hesitant to blame a lowely town justice for this tragedy.
Hmmmmm,so your initial comment was a waste of my time seeing that you have no "fight" in the matter.
I have no dog in this fight and no motives to be served. I also haven't seen a transcript if the proceeding. I'm also very hesitant to blame a lowely lowly town justice for this tragedy.
Funny that you still show empathy and compassion for the judge, yet no expressed heart felt sympathetic words toward the grieving families, maybe that's the reason your interjection elicit scorn. SMH
Your reactions to my comments are rather incendiary, and it would be unproductive to engage any further. Best of luck to you.
Porsch asked the Varick court to issue a bench warrant. The Varick judge refused. That puts the blame squarely on the shoulders of the Varick court.
This is the real DAVID ETTMAN, Candidate for Seneca County Judge. It is not my intention to take the campaign to the Seneca County Forums. However, when something is posted directly about me, and it contains false or misleading information, I will provide the correct information.
I have not been the Varick town judge since the end of my term in December 2017. I have had nothing to do with the Varick Court or any criminal justice matter since that time.
Generated in 0.014 seconds in which 0.005 seconds were spent on a total of 15 queries. Zlib compression disabled.
Jump to: Select a forum ------------------ Official News Support Forums General Strategy and guides Off Topic Links Get the game for iOS Get the game for Android Join us on Facebook Cyanide Support Page
GW, Games Workshop, Warhammer, and all associated logos, illustrations, images, names, creatures, races, vehicles, locations, weapons, characters, and the distinctive
likeness thereof, are either ® or TM, and/or © Games Workshop Limited, variably registered around the world, and used under licence. All rights reserved.
Here you will find information about feeding your whole family, food allergies/sensitivities and the breastfeeding family. Registration may be required.
When to start, how to start, what to offer--find answers to your questions about starting solids here.
Hello Forum, Has anyone tried using the Pro Auto Disk Powder Measure in station no. 2 before? The reason I ask, is I was wanting to buy a POWDER COP DIE or LOCK OUT DIE for station 3. If I primed cases off press or in a separate step, I was wanting to know if it was possible to do without major changes to the press? Has anyone tried this , are there any pictures out there? Just trying to make a safer and more efficient Loadmaster. Any thoughts or comments?
Yes, I have dropped power in station 2 before while reloading .223. To be safe, I removed the priming pin. That lets me use my powder-check die in station 3. I do a lot of case preparation on .223 cases anyway & its not much more trouble to just go ahead & prime before I begin on the LLM.
Never done it with pistol reloading because I prime them on the LLM. As erratic as the priming is sometimes, it would not be safe to prime with a hopper full of powder in the same station.
Sorry, don't have any pictures but the setup is pretty normal since I use a spring instead of the chain on my powder measure.
Thanks Erie, I do understand all the priming safety issues, and could not agree more. I also have switched from the powder measure chain to a spring on the left side of LLM . Did you change your spring set up to the right side, and did you remove the explosion shield also? I'm wondering what to do there.
Thanks for the reply Erie, Are you running all your powder out of station 2 now , or are you switching back & forth. Also can you use your powder cop die on .223 cases ? will it fit ?
I have two LLM's so one is set up for .223 only, distributing powder in station 2 & yes, powder check die in station 3. I had to adapt it with smaller punch.
I use my other LLM for all pistol calibers with normal set-up, priming in station 2 & dropping powder in station 3.
Again Thanks Erie , At the risk of asking to many questions . where did you get the smaller punch for .223 on the powder cop die? I also have 2 presses but the other 1 is a LEE breech lock single stage for individual tasks. at least I can fix my mistakes , it's nice to use the RCBS bullet puller than banging a plastic hammer on a wood block.
I hurriedly made one out of a small bolt for the RCBS, but it never worked consistently. I later switched to the Hornady powder cop die. It is about half price & comes ready for the .223 cases. The Hornady works differently in that it is a visible guide & does not lock up the press like the RCBS. Operator must be looking at it on each pull of the press handle.
RCBS has a new Powder Check Die out that works with the .223 that operates the same way--does not lock up the press but gives a visible indicator as to how full or low each case is with powder.
My son and I are shooting 243 more and I do not see a stock LM on Lee's website in this configuration.
I reload a lot of .243 but I do it all on my single stage press, mainly because of case preparation. Maybe 100 rounds a year is all I shoot in .243 so I am not in that much of a hurry when I do reload and I like to check each stage thoroughly on each shell I am going to be shooting at game. Someone on here will have experienced .243 reloading on the LLM and can guide you better on it.
Now, straight wall pistol reloading is another story. Along with my grand boys we shoot a lot and I use 2 LLM's for reloading them.
Magic Mike can tell you all you want to know about reloading .243 or any other rifle caliber on the LLM.
Ok, thank you for the info. I reload 9mm now on the LLM and am weighing single stage verus progressive. I will need a case trimmer in either case. Reloading for 2 people is why I am thinking of going progressive. When we shoot, we shoot a lot of rounds.
You know, after thinking about it, I am just going to go with a single press, like you. I think by the time I buy the turret, dies, shell plate,primer system and auto powder charger, it would be more economy to scale.
So the next questions for you or others, it what die set would you recommend? The Lee Precision Carbide 4-Die Set comes with the FCD, but being a single stage press, maybe a 3 die set is better.
I do not believe anyone makes carbide dies for 243. 223 and 308 yes, but they are quite expensive. Carbide dies are mostly just pistol rounds. Any brand two die set will work for you. If you're shooting the rounds through more than one rifle I don't know that neck sizing would be a good idea unless you keep the brass from them separated and load each rifle individually so a three die set (one including neck size die) wouldn't be needed. Crimp die for a 243 bolt gun isn't needed either. Two dies, full length sizer and a bullet seating die is all you need. Don't forget case lube...
I think you will really like taking time to check case length & trim & chamfer each case. I also clean out each primer pocket thoroughly before replacing primer. I then precisely measure each powder load.
I am still using an old 2-die C-H full length die set for .243. Began reloading with them back in 1960. I have added the Lee factory crimp die as a final stage. Since I began reloading for 3 Grandsons I wanted a slight crimp & the Lee FCD does a good job.
Any of the 2-die sets will work fine, although I am partial to R.C.B.S. since I have had a lot of experience with them. Their equipment has just about a no questions asked replacement.
I use Imperial wax now as my case lubricant although I used an ink pad & liquid lubricant for 50 years.
erle wrote: I think you will really like taking time to check case length & trim & chamfer each case. I also clean out each primer pocket thoroughly before replacing primer. I then precisely measure each powder load.
I do use a Lee crimp die on my 223 rounds for my AR as they can get a bit of "rough" treatment, but seldom on my "hunting" rifles. If using a regular (not competition) die I may set it to "very slightly" crimp them (die down to touch the case mouth and maybe a 16th turn more). As far as case lube I still use the "ink pads" with RCBS lube. I haven't found any way that's easier, roll 5 or so across the pad at a time. 223 is a different story, load way to many of those to do it on a single stage, spray lube and a Dillon 450...
First of all I'd like to say I love your game very much I bought it on Steam on summer last year and played it a lot (I have to admit that I played it before )
Anyway I hadn't play it for a couple of months, and when I wanted to run it yestarday after last update (1.2.6), it didn't run. It is freezing a moment after launch it from Steam and it's just a window filled with white color. I had similar problem before last update, but starting it from the exe file instead of running it directly from Steam helped. Now it doesn't It has something common with Steam version, because the same version from GOG runs flawlessly (got it from torrent just for test). Also Steam vista-xp version works, but it looks outdated (I assume it because of the version number = 1.2.4.4).
We just added a "-console" option to the game. If you add that to the start options on Steam the game should start with a small console on the right side.
I've found what was causing the problem. My Steam folder pathname, which has # in it. I moved my Steam installation from "# steam" to just plain "steam", following this instruction https://support.steampowered.com/kb_art ... -YUBN-8129
Although there is one new error which I see in the console, but don't know what impact it has on the game:
at b.loadLang (file:///D:/giery/Steam/steamapps/common/The%20Curious%20Expedition/resources/app.asar/min-cegame.js:1140:277)
at b.setupLang (file:///D:/giery/Steam/steamapps/common/The%20Curious%20Expedition/resources/app.asar/min-cegame.js:1140:89)
at new b (file:///D:/giery/Steam/steamapps/common/The%20Curious%20Expedition/resources/app.asar/min-cegame.js:1028:304)
I'm still now sure why that's causing issues, but I'll try to at least show an error screen, rather than just letting you stare at a white screen.
The error happens because it tries to load the translations files from the file system first before using the one shipped with the game. It's so translators can test their translations before uploading them.
I watched a few of your videos, great work! So in your first video i saw you have a computer controlled automatic wire stripping cutting machine. How do you like it? I've been considering one for awhile and have found some on Amazon and from a company called Joyfay. Where did you get yours? Do you have any recommendations/advise or gotchas for someone heavily considering purchasing one?
Technote: 20490 indicated that from the PLC end SNMP and HTTP boxes should be checked if having communications issues. At least if your using a 5/05 and having communications issues, so id assume other Processors would want a similar setup. This maybe a reason to tell IT it should be left on.
We need some more information, which processor specifically? 501,502,503,504,505, what protocol are you trying to use which port on the processor, what cables, etc... There are many different cables and configurations to connect to most of the SLC processors. SLC-500 is just the series and is very generic in terms of knowing what you have and trying to help you out.
does anyone have any example code or experience using the RHC and TDF commands? i need to calculate speed based off of and input pulse. i know what the diameter, tooth count and pitch are of the gear i'm measuring and also have to relate this to the diameter of another gear. i'm hoping Ken Roach has some words of wisdom, i do appreciate advice from anyone. Thanks in advance.
So for years now ive always changed the default color scheme in logix 5, 500 and 5000 from the default white background to black and done some other nifty things with the colors. Really helps my eyes instead of having that white background blair at them all day. So my question is this.... Is there a file that can be copied and moved to another computer with my settings? This would be much easier for my so do that to set computers next to each other so i can get the setting i had and prefer.
UPDATE: the other part i found out is this is the sinumerik 240D not the 240Di so the PLC is deffinetly in the rack with the servo amplifiers and not in the PCU-50 So I've been doing some research and this is what i has determinted... if i use an s7-300 with a cp343 and have a siemens guy add this node to the profibus network that i can exchange data this way using a Computer with an OPC server such a kepware to poll data. I have also found devices that i can connect to the MPI port, and would allow connection of a Computer with an OPC server such a kepware to poll data. does anybody make a gateway that would allow me to talk ethernet/IP on one side and MPI on the other so i can pull data out of this thing with out finding a siemens guy to come in and modify the profibus network?? I know of serveral devices that will do just this on the PROFIBUS DP network, trying not to have to suliciatae any more people on this project surly on of you siemens people can give me some insight please???
Alight first off, I'm NOT a siemens guy, Second thanks in advance for any and all advice. So i'm working on a large data collections project, been now handed part of this project that is completely out of my depth but this is what i have found. I trying to retrieve data from a large cnc machining center, it has a Sinumerik control on it. Kepware nor Prosoft PLX32-EIP-SIE are able to communicate with the controller. Comms are rejected by the server. Its and industrial PC. So i was able to get into the back end of the controller and do some poking around and it appears as if the problem in simply that a Industrial Ethernet Driver has not been configured. And i've found the following documents to support my theory. https://www.kepware.com/support/knowledge-base/default.asp?solution=/_ui/selfservice/pkb/PublicKnowledgeSolution/d?&id=50140000000HauS https://www.kepware.com/products/kepserverex/drivers/siemens-tcp-ip-ethernet/documents/siemens-tcp-ip-ethernet-manual/ I did figure out how to add the ethernet driver,in simatic manager however at this point what needs done? Do you have to download to the controller? I'm a little leery of making any changed just because i have backed anything up and saved it first, i don't know how. I just don't want to mess anything up. It let me add it but im treading lightly here, i'm not going to save anything to someone confirms my process. Anyway does anyone have any thoughts or input?
5-Tetra does not need to be cycled, and can be used indefinitely. For your bodyweight, about 4 tablets 45 minutes before training on an empty stomach (no real food).
When you mention the Halodrol are you speaking of the original, or the new, non-prohormonal product?
Got ya on the real food. Pre workout drink (carbs, aminos, beta alanine) shouldn't hurt right? I've ready it should actually enhance those things.
In part one of JOE WIDER I discussed with you the ins and outs (or is it “rights to lefts?”) of broadening your physique through the expansion of your “wing span,” aka, lat width. In part two I am going to talk about the second major muscle group that is responsible for making some bodybuilders a nuisance at movie theaters and on airplanes world-WIDE...the deltoids.
Few things look as impressive on a bodybuilder than a set of wide, thick, round shoulders. There are tons of guys with big chests and arms, but nothing screams BODYBUILDER like having a pair of “cannonballs” hanging off of your clavicles, literally challenging the stitching of every shirt you own! Whether being viewed from the front or rear, on the stage or in the street, it is the shoulders that “set off” the physique.
As you may already know, the deltoids are a three headed muscle with anterior (front), posterior (rear), and medial (side) portions. While it is extremely important to develop all three delt heads, it is the medial section that is mostly responsible for width. I don’t believe that I have ever seen anyone actually overdevelop the medial delt head, as I have never heard anyone criticized for being “too wide.” Some of the most exceptional physiques of our time are ones that show incredible side delt development. Think about men like Kevin Levrone, Paul Dillett, Gary Strydom, and Chris Cormier. As soon as these guys walk out on stage and turn to the front, the dramatic proportions of their physiques are immediately evident, and much of this has to do with the width of their shoulders. Just as I mentioned last month about wide lats, a pair of bowling ball delts will create the illusion of a smaller waist and more “sweeping” quads. If there is a downside to such “delt dimensions,” it would be the need for taliored shirts and having to walk sideways through some doors...but you can handle that...right?
So, what is the secret to building the medial deltoid to “comic-like” proportions? Well, the “secret,” if you want to call it that, lies in the correction of a few training mistakes and utilizing a “targeted” selection of exercises, done in a specific manner, that will selectively activate the side delt fibers. Before we move on to the actual shoulder widening routines, lets take a closer look at the most common mistakes being made in the gym by trainees seeking to “broaden their horizons.”
- WRONG EXERCISES: When I sit back and watch most guys go through their shoulder routines, one thing I almost always notice is the inclusion of more than one overhead pressing exercise, AND, a front raise movement on top of that! Talk about inefficient shoulder training! While at least one pressing movement should be included in each delt workout, there is certainly no need for a second. Further, when the main goal is increasing the width of the delts, front raises become rather obsolete. When looking to get wider, your concern is primarily with the medial head of the deltoid and nothing targets this better than side lateral movements and wide grip upright rows. This is not to say that you should ignore the anterior and posterior heads, but when seeking to prioritize one muscle, or section of a muscle, you need to “choose your weapons wisely!”
-POOR FORM: Most of the time that I see really well developed deltoids in the gym I almost invariably notice that the trainee that owns them uses lighter weights and executes each movement with precision and through a full range of motion. Shoulder training does not require ego, but excellence. Let me go through each basic movement individually and describe the mistakes that are commonly made, and how to troubleshoot them...(1) Overhead Presses-When it come to any overhead pressing exercise, the most frequent mistake that I see involves an incomplete range of motion. In an effort to exercise their ego rather than their delts, many trainees will perform half reps on this exercise, bringing the dumbells or barbell only about halfway down before pressing it back to the top. Unfortunately, it is in the bottom half of the movement that most of the deltoid activation takes place. By only pushing through the top half, the triceps are getting the brunt of the workout. The solution here is to lighten the weight and make sure each rep is performed through an optimal range of motion, which in the case of presses, is from just above shoulder level to just below lockout. (2) Side Laterals-This is one of the most poorly performed exercises in all of bodybuilding. I see several mistakes made during this movement, with some people actually making them all at once. First is the use of weights so heavy that a swinging motion is employed in order to get the dumbells moving. While it is ok to cheat a bit at the end of a set, once perfect form becomes an impossibility, doing it from the outset is simply cheating yourself and your shoulders from a proper workout. Side laterals is not a power movement. Choose weights that allow you to “muscle” the weight up without swinging, heaving, or body english. If you lighten up and are still having trouble, do the exercise while seated. The next mistake that is often made is not keeping the palms down toward the floor throughout the movement. Turning the hand down just slightly at the top is perfectly fine, but turning it up, so that the thumb is higher than the pinky, will take stress off of the side delt and transfer it to the anterior delt. Some people do this because of lack of focus, while others are again going too heavy and therefore forcing the more powerful front delt to take over and get the dumbells to shoulder height. Concentrate and go lighter! One final error made while performing this exercise is actually raising the dumbell TOO HIGH at the top of the movement. By doing this you will increase the involvement of the trapezius, and more importantly, can impinge the highly delicate shoulder joint. Raise the dumbells to shoulder height...no higher. (3) Upright Rows-This can be a wonderful delt widener when performed correctly but unfortunately, it rarely is. The main error that is made with this exercise is failure to raise the elbows up higher than the hands at the top. Many people end up turning this movement into what appears as an awkwardly performed reverse curl. Another mistake I often witness is raising the bar far too high at the peak of the rep. Now, this is ok if you are targeting the trapezius, but we are looking to isolate the delts in this case. To solve these problems make sure that you focus on raising the elbows first (sometimes it helps to think of two strings attached to your elbows and imagine that someone is pulling on the strings from above allowing your elbows to rise first, while your hands simply follow underneath), and to relax the traps while bringing the bar no higher than shoulder height.
-LACK OF ANGLES AND VARIATIONS: When it comes to broadening the shoulders it is important to remember that you have a few basic movements to work with, but tons of variation within each movement. Too many people get stuck in a rut when training delts. This occurs either out of laziness or ignorance, but I assure you it can keep you from ever outgrowing that same shirt that has fit you since high school! Muscles are very adaptive and complex “creatures.” If you do not at least occasionally seek to utilize different angles and exercise variations to force unique fiber recruitment patterns, you will not reach your “widest potential.” Using the same foundation exercises above, here is a list of ways to vary each movement...(1) Overhead Presses-dumbell presses, single arm dumbell presses, Arnold dumbell presses, presses behind neck, military presses, smith presses, machine presses (various types). (2) Side Laterals-standing side laterals, seated side laterals, cable side laterals (starting with hand in front or behind back), incline side lateral (leaning in to an incline bench), machine side lateral (various types), bench lateral (leaning sideways into an incline bench). (3) Upright Rows-barbell upright rows, cable upright rows (with bar or rope), dumbell upright rows.
So now that we’ve covered the do’s and don’ts, the why’s and why not’s, let’s get into a few routines you can use to get so wide that your queen size mattress is forced to abdicate your bedroom to a king! Depending on how long you have been training, it may be best for you to stick with one routine for several weeks before moving onto the next. If you are more advanced or someone that thrives on change and variety, feel free to switch between two of the routines week to week, or even all three. Over time you may even want to mix and match in order to make your own unique boulder shoulder program.
Note: During a delt-widening specialization program I suggest training the posterior head on back day.
A few of the exercises above may be unfamiliar to you so let me briefly go over the form involved with each one.
•Twisting seated dumbell press: Start with your palms turned in toward your head and your elbows pulled back so they are even with you ears (very important for medial delt activation). As you press overhead, twist your palms so that they face foward at the top. Do the eccentric portion in the reverse manner.
•Standing single arm dumbell press: Stand with your knees slightly bent and keep your core (abs and low back) nice and tight in order to stabilize your body. Brace the non working hand on a sturdy object. Press the dumbell with your elbow pulled back, in line with your ear.
•Incline bench side lateral: Lean forward onto an incline bench set at about 70 degrees. Then perform side laterals without your torso leaving the pad.
•Dumbell Upright Row: Start with the dumbells touching at the bottom. As you raise them up, separate them and pull your elbows out wide.
With the information above you should no longer have to “shoulder the burden” of being narrow ever again. Like with anything worth having in life, building a pair of “melon-sized” delts will not be easy. It will take gut busting, intense and consistent work to become truly W-I-D-E. But in the end, when the tailor’s tape is too short to measure you shoulder to shoulder and buying “off the rack” is no longer an option, you KNOW you’ll be smiling almost as wide as your shoulders now are, and it will all have been more than worth it!
I can't believe I am just now finding these articles! I can make like a 4 month routine by just using these workout interchangebly!
Well, to be fair, these are the ones I had published in Iron Man, so if you do not read that mag it is understandable why you never came across them!
Last night was my first time trying 5 Tetra. All I can say is WOW! I took it 45 minutes (like Eric said to) before my workout. It was almost dangerous driving the 10 minutes it takes me to get to my gym. I was ready to tear it up. That feeling translated into performance. Now dig this I was able to do 4 full reps at 230lb on over head triceps extension! My normal working weight on this for 8 reps is 150lb. Continuing on; close grip bench press (love this exercise) 40lb increase. Triceps extension 20lb increase. 10 more knee raises per set than normal. And the best part is I feel great today. I'm not wrecked, injured, or ready for the grave. The 5 Tetra was the only thing I changed from my daily routine. Oh and my current weight is 185lb. Not to bad for an old guy.
I do read iron man, i like that it takes us natties into consideration, i have seen the joe w-i-d-e-r article, but not all of these!
Eric's writing is awesome. Very detailed, entertaining, and it takes into account the beginner, intermediate, and advanced athlete. I am glad IronMan has given him his due and I'm hoping other magazines do the same.
Setting up an Adwords MCC Account Go to www. google.com/ adwords /manager-accounts/ and click Sign Up Enter your email (which will be autofilled if youre logged in and the name of your account. The name will be what other account owners will see if you.
Yes, this is something I'd like to do but it would require us to stock 2 SKUs. In future revisions I have a plan to address that.
This is hard for us. We'll need a lot more volume before we can do this easily. The STM32 line of microcontrollers does not have built-in WiFi (kinda lame).
As for a future revision, assuming we can ramp sales with the M7. We'll do a KickStarter in the very distant future for a version of the system where the main MCU/camera/lens-mount are all in one package and connect to a carrier board that looks like the OpenMV Cam. This will free up space for a lipo charger along with allowing businesses to buy the camera module by itself as a unit. The camera module will connect to the board via mezzanine connectors... which can attach to a cable assembly if necessary. Not sure how WiFi will fit in the picture.
Anyways, getting there is far off. We have to sell a lot of M7 boards first to get a lot of capital and customers.
We're not changing the design much for the M7 board because we're trying not to go out of business and we can't mess anything up right now. The M7 board design is conservative for that reason.
The thing is as powerful as a raspberry pi zero (in terms of coremark performance). It doesn't have the same amount of RAM but it also doesn't have have the lack of flash problem the zero has. It also will draw only 110mA.
And, does the above mean that I cannot charge the battery using the usb connector on the current OpenMV board, but that will be a future capability?
Yes, you can use a 3.7V battery to power the system. Please apply it to the VIN pin to go into the regular. The system cannot charge the battery however. We don't have a battery charging circuit on board. This is something I'd like to do in the future. The goal for the M7 board was not to break the design and to be conservative as possible.
Hello! I am really- really glad to find this magic thread! Thanks a lot for publishing this information!
Unfortunately... for our next module we don't expose the Ethernet pins making this hard. But, the SPI bus is exposed which can used with a Wiznet module... Mmm, this sucks implementation wise though. https://www.ebay.com/i/112460690292?chn=ps
A nice aluminum case with mounting holes would be great for my use... For now, I will order cases here in China as the customer will not be happy with a plastic case and double sticky tape holding it on.
Um, we've released the case files online. You should be able to 3d print something better using the files. There's also a rugged case someone in the community developed.
Would it be possible to route TRACESWO line to the debug header (or to where it's convenient)? I understand it's not an essential line, but it may help during debugging.
It's a very handy feature, in tight spaces to be able to reverse Micro USB cable. Reversible Micro USB cables are actually available, but OpenMV M7 doesn't work with them. I tried today and M7 only worked in one orientation.
Micro USB cables now can be reversed and still work. In my project space for USB canble was really tight and I needed to reverse it. Maybe it's an interesting feature.
From the article there's no info on the electrical signaling there. From what I know about MicroUSB this isn't possible unless the cable has some type of logic in it to determine it's orientation. Otherwise, you're just reversing the connections on the cable.
Sorry for the ? in the pixy emualeter via uart where does p6 for DAC connect to as i am totaly newby to this the rx and tx to ardino no problem servos to p7 and p8 on mv board but cant figure out the DAC on p6 please can someone help me
The DAC is there for getting object position as an along voltage. It's kinda useless... But, it's something the pixy did so I emulated it.
Towards an economic theory of management fraud and corporate failure - IRep - Nottingham Trent University
IRFS.AZ © is created in 2017, our goal is to provide people with information from Instagram API, that includes photos, videos and other media information from Instagram.
For us at caribbeanevents.com, privacy comes first, so while you visit our web site www.caribbeanevents.com, rest assured that we will not part with your confidential information and we will always endeavour to protect your privacy to the best of our ability. Please take a moment to read our privacy policy and let us know if you have any concerns, you may wish us to address.
www.caribbeanevents.com will sometimes ask you for personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address, occupation, and other details. We request this information simply because it will help us to tailor services and products to your lifestyle.
We will endeavour to take all appropriate steps to keep your personal information confidential not just from third parties but also from employees or agents of www.caribbeanevents.com. When you submit your personal information through our www.caribbeanevents.comWebsite, you are giving us your consent to the collection and use as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you do not want us to collect any personal information from you, then we ask that you please do not provide us with that information.
Except as otherwise disclosed within this Privacy Policy, www.caribbeanevents.comwill use the personal information that you provide us for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans and surveys to better serve our customers. This would enable us to better respond to your inquiries or in connection with the service for which you provided the information. Therefore, we may use your e-mail address or mobile phone number, as provided to send you periodic e-mails, texts or SMS messages on the services available. Further, we may forward your contact information and inquiries to our associates, licensees and other partners that we feel can best address your inquiries or provide you with the requested service.
We may retain other companies and/or individuals to perform various functions on our behalf, such as customer support, marketing and back office operations. Such third parties may be provided with access to your personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use that information for any other purpose.
Additionally, we may disclose any information, that we deem to be necessary, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal proceeding or governmental request.
If you choose to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. However, to respect your privacy, we will always provide a way for you to unsubscribe.
Occasionally we may send an email invitation to you, if you have expressed interest in our services. However, if you do not verify your information in that single-email invitation, we will remove all related information from our database.
If any of your personal information changes or if you no longer desire any of our services or communications, you may make the necessary requests to update your information or cease contact from us by contacting us by telephone or email at the contact information listed below and on our website.
We will retain your information for as long as your account remains active or is reasonably required to provide you with services. We will retain and use your information as is necessary and reasonable to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
We currently use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your information, including your credit or debit card number, during online transactions. We have chosen SSL protocol as it has proven to be the most secure protocol. We have no reported fraudulent activity by persons who have made purchases online using their credit or debit card. While, we believe SSL to be a very safe encryption method, we are always looking for even more secure encryption methods to safeguard information sent online.
We post customer testimonials/comments/reviews on our web site which may contain personal information. We will always obtain your consent via email prior to posting the testimonial with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, please use our Online Contact Form.
www.caribbeanevents.com currently uses "cookies" on our site. Our cookies tag each visitor's browser with a random, unique number. The cookie simply assigns a number and does not disclose any personal information about the person using the browser. By noting where these uniquely numbered browsers go on our site, we can study traffic patterns and site usage, and improve our site to better fit our customers' needs
We use service providers to place cookies on your computer to collect non-personal information to compile aggregated statistics for us about visitors to our site. The use of cookies by our service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our service providers use these cookies to identify sources and patterns of traffic on our site.
We employ a software technology called tracking pixels also known as Web Beacons that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Tracking pixels are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. We may tie the information gathered by tracking pixels to our customers' personal information.
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button. These Features may collect your IP address and which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by www.caribbeanevents.comin accordance with our privacy policy.
We reserve the right to modify or change our privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make any material changes to this policy we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
УН - универсальный размер(подходит на S,M) Платья свободного покроя(трапеция, летучая мышь) - объем груди отсутствует.
Pelican Parts Forums - View Single Post - Well it's finally time to pull it out for the efi swap. this will be a long one
Well I boxed up the pistons and cylinders today and shipped them out to LN engineering to get them re-plated. First really expensive hurdle will be out of the way soon. Next step is machine work at Xtreem on the heads. After that getting the case shuffle pinned and the crank cross drilled. Expensive stuff left to buy after that will be the new turbo, pauter rods, Headers 1 3/4 primaries and twin scroll t-4 flange with heat exchangers. Plan on sending the rockers for reconditioning also. they are in pretty good shape but I have a brand new set of GT-2 cams that i want to break in properly. So it's coming along. Need to start teaching myself to tig weld again here pretty soon so I can build the intercooler, the plenums for the ITB's and all the intake piping.
Sorry, I've been sick in bed for... ever. If you are missing the icon buttons like 'edit', 'like', etc then something on your end is preventing loading from our webfont service FortAwesome.com. It could be a simple as clear your cache or as complicated as javascript blocking or things of that nature. The view in the last screen above is what you get when the screen size is less then desktop.
Huh. I’m going to chalk it up to being a couple versions behind on the core software which is going to be updated in October. If it persists after that we’ll have to dig in but I haven’t seen this reported elsewhere so it’s probably going to go away after the update.
This usually because you have something that is blocking 3rd party loads (the icons are loaded from a 3rd party service) or JS. Usually a blocker of some sort. Then it remembers this state in cache. This wont be the case in the new refresh of the forums coming soon though.
Whoa that’s weird. We’re working towards a forum refresh in October that’ll hopefully kill a few of these floating bugs but I’ll alao see if the devs have a hit fix. First time I’m seen by this one though. Thank you.
Sounds like Javascript wasn't running/didn't fire on your end or something along those lines (which could be a weird one time sort of glitch on this end but it smells local).
Confirming this bug. We'll be ditching the custom homepage and peek system for something different soon so in the meantime I would suggest like using the link below for all shows. http://forums.previously.tv/forum/5-shows/
Hey @Haleth sorry for the delay in replying, I was traveling this week. Can you please send a screenshot or description of where you are seeing this? Is it a pop-up or are you getting this from the icon next to the site URL? We use secure pages (https) for logins where personal information is sent from you to the site. By definition the other pages (reading the forums on http) are "insecure" but that's normal. Google is trying to get the universe to serve all pages on https (the extra S is for secure!) but we don't do that yet. We're working towards that as is most of the web but all the tech we use (ad servers, online fonts, etc) need to be on https too or we can't be https. Google's wording can be CYA hyperbolic but https everywhere is happening... slowly.
It was my fault, I am sorry. Originally I killed S2, S3 and S4 but realized my mistake in time to save the others.
if any1 bought the hardened edition of blackops, pm me. also if u r from canada and bought the black ops map packs or world at war map packs, pm me
Watch MouseHunt (1997) : Full Movie Online Free Down-on-their luck brothers, Lars and Ernie Smuntz, aren't happy with the crumbling old mansion they inherit... until they discover the estate is worth millions. Before they can cash in, they have to rid the house of it's single, stubborn occupant: a tiny and tenacious mouse.
sibling relationship, loss of loved one, factory worker, factory, winter, cook, cooking, restaurant, auction, mouse, house, slapstick, inheritance, trap, explosion, chef, exterminator, flood, auctioneer, rodent, slapstick comedy, mouse hunt, string,
GoodGreatVery good infoinformation. Lucky me I foundI discoveredI came acrossI ran acrossI recently found your websiteyour siteyour blog by accidentby chance (stumbleupon). I haveI’ve bookmarked itsaved itbook marked itbook-marked itsaved as a favorite for later!
UndeniablyUnquestionablyDefinitely believe that which you statedsaid. Your favorite justificationreason appeared to beseemed to be on the internetnetweb the simplesteasiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I definitelycertainly get irkedannoyed while people considerthink about worries that they plainlyjust do notdon’t know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well asand alsoand defined out the whole thing without having side effectside-effects , people cancould take a signal. Will likelyprobably be back to get more. Thanks
SweetWonderful blog! I found it while browsingsurfing aroundsearching on Yahoo News. Do you have any tipssuggestions on how to get listed in Yahoo News? I’ve been trying for a while but I never seem to get there! ThanksMany thanksAppreciate itCheersThank you
I’m not that much of a onlineinternet reader to be honest but your blogssites really nice, keep it up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your sitewebsite to come back laterdown the roadin the futurelater on. CheersAll the bestMany thanks
I am sure this articlepostpiece of writingparagraph has touched all the internet userspeopleviewersvisitors, its really really nicepleasantgoodfastidious articlepostpiece of writingparagraph on building up new blogweblogwebpagewebsiteweb site.
Your new precious key points indicate much a man like me and more to my workplace employees. With thanks; from everyone of us.
Thanks , I’ve just been looking for info approximately this topic for a long time and yours is the best I have discovered till now. But, what concerning the conclusion? Are you certain concerning the source?
Saved as a favoritebookmarked!!, I really likeI likeI love your blogyour siteyour web siteyour website!
Thanks for one marvelous posting! I enjoyed reading it ; you are a great author.I will be sure to bookmark your site and may come back someday. I want to encourage that you keep your great articles, have a wonderful weekend!
I’m planning to start my blog soon, but I am a bit lost on what. Would you suggest beginning with a free platform like WordPress or go for a paid alternative? There are so many choices out there which I am completely confused. Any suggestions? Thank you a lot.
Wow! This could be one particular of the most helpful blogs We have ever arrive across on this subject. Basically Magnificent. I am also an expert in this topic so I can understand your effort.
Very well written post. It will be helpful to everyone who usess it, including yours truly :). Keep doing what you are doing – can’r wait to read more posts.
I think this is among the most significant info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But wanna remark on some general things, The site style is perfect, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers
I would like toI mustI’d like toI have to thank you for the efforts you haveyou’ve put in writing thispenning this blogwebsitesite. I am hopingI’m hopingI really hope to seeto viewto check out the same high-grade blog postscontent from youby you in the futurelater on as well. In factIn truth, your creative writing abilities has inspiredmotivatedencouraged me to get my ownmy very ownmy own, personal blogwebsitesite now ;)
Excellent read, I just passed this onto a colleague who was doing some research on that. And he just bought me lunch because I found it for him smile Thus let me rephrase that: Thanks for lunch!
Hello! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with SEO? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good success. If you know of any please share. Many thanks!
Hello, you used to write magnificent, but the last several posts have been kinda boring… I miss your super writings. Past several posts are just a little bit out of track! come on!
Nice blog here! Also your web site loads up very fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my web site loaded up as fast as yours lol
Thanks for sharing excellent informations. Your web site is so cool. I am impressed by the details that you¡¦ve on this site. It reveals how nicely you understand this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for more articles. You, my friend, ROCK! I found just the information I already searched everywhere and just could not come across. What a great web-site.
I haveI’ve been surfingbrowsing onlineon-line more thangreater than three3 hours these daysnowadaystodaylatelyas of late, yetbut I neverby no means founddiscovered any interestingfascinatingattention-grabbing article like yours. It’sIt is lovelyprettybeautiful worthvalueprice enoughsufficient for me. In my opinionPersonallyIn my view, if all webmasterssite ownerswebsite ownersweb owners and bloggers made just rightgoodexcellent contentcontent material as you didyou probably did, the internetnetweb will beshall bemight bewill probably becan bewill likely be much morea lot more usefulhelpful than ever before.
UndeniablyUnquestionablyDefinitely believeconsiderimagine that that youwhich you statedsaid. Your favouritefavorite justificationreason appeared to beseemed to be at theon the internetnetweb the simplesteasiest thingfactor to keep in mindbear in mindrememberconsidertake into accounthave in mindtake notebe mindfulunderstandbe awaretake into accout of. I say to you, I definitelycertainly get irkedannoyed at the same time aswhilsteven aswhile other folksfolksother peoplepeople considerthink about concernsworriesissues that they plainlyjust do notdon’t realizerecognizeunderstandrecogniseknow about. You controlledmanaged to hit the nail upon the topthe highest as smartlywellneatly asand alsoand definedoutlined out the whole thingthe entire thing with no needwithout having side effectside-effects , other folksfolksother peoplepeople cancould take a signal. Will likelyprobably be backagain to get more. Thank youThanks
IncredibleRidiculousOutstandingInspiringStunning queststory there. What occurredhappened after? Good luckThanksTake care!
I enjoytake pleasure inget pleasure fromappreciatedelight inhave fun withsavorrelishsavour, lead tocauseresult in I foundI discovered exactlyjust what I used to beI was taking a looklookinghaving a look for. You haveYou’ve ended my 4four day longlengthy hunt! God Bless you man. Have a nicegreat day. Bye
you are actually a good webmaster. The web site loading velocity is amazing. It sort of feels that you are doing any unique trick. Moreover, The contents are masterpiece. you’ve done a fantastic activity in this subject!
HeyHi thereHeyaHey thereHiHello! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any problemstroubleissues with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing monthsmany monthsa few monthsseveral weeks of hard work due to no backupdata backupback up. Do you have any solutionsmethods to preventprotect againststop hackers?
Aw, this was a reallya veryan extremelyan incrediblyan exceptionally nice postgood post. Taking the timeFinding the timeSpending some timeTaking a few minutes and actual effort to make ato create ato produce ato generate a very goodgreatgoodreally goodtop notchsuperb article… but what can I say… I procrastinateput things offhesitate a lota whole lot and neverand don’t seem tomanage to get anythingnearly anything done.
TerrificGreatWonderful articlework! This isThat is the type ofthe kind of informationinfo that are meant tothat are supposed tothat should be shared around theacross the webinternetnet. DisgraceShame on the seeksearch enginesGoogle for now notnotno longer positioning this postsubmitpublishput up upperhigher! Come on over and talk over withdiscuss withseek advice fromvisitconsult with my siteweb sitewebsite . Thank youThanks =)
This website is known as a walk-via for all of the data you needed about this and didn’t know who to ask. Glimpse here, and also you’ll positively uncover it.
You could certainly see your skills within the paintings you write. The arena hopes for even more passionate writers such as you who are not afraid to mention how they believe. Always follow your heart. “Every man serves a useful purpose A miser, for example, makes a wonderful ancestor.” by Laurence J. Peter.
Interesting post right here. One thing I would like to say is always that most professional areas consider the Bachelor’s Degree as the entry level standard for an online course. Though Associate Degrees are a great way to get started, completing ones Bachelors opens many doorways to various jobs, there are numerous internet Bachelor Diploma Programs available through institutions like The University of Phoenix, Intercontinental University Online and Kaplan. Another issue is that many brick and mortar institutions offer you Online types of their degree programs but commonly for a greatly higher fee than the organizations that specialize in online higher education degree programs.
I’ve been absent for a while, but now I remember why I used to love this site. Thanks, I’ll try and check back more often. How frequently you update your website?
Hi are using WordPress for your blog platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and set up my own. Do you require any coding expertise to make your own blog? Any help would be really appreciated!
GreetingsHey thereHeyGood dayHowdyHi thereHello thereHiHello I am so gratefulgladexcitedhappythrilleddelighted I found your blog pagewebpagesiteweb sitewebsiteweblogblog, I really found you by errormistakeaccident, while I was researchingbrowsingsearchinglooking on DiggAskjeeveAolBingGoogleYahoo for something else, NonethelessRegardlessAnyhowAnyways I am here now and would just like to say thanks a lotkudoscheersthank youmany thanksthanks for a fantasticmarvelousremarkableincredibletremendous post and a all round excitingthrillinginterestingenjoyableentertaining blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to read throughbrowselook overgo throughread it all at the minutemoment but I have book-markedsavedbookmarked it and also added inincludedadded your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read a great deal morea lot moremuch moremore, Please do keep up the awesomesuperbfantasticexcellentgreat jobwork.
Helpful info. Lucky me I discovered your site by chance, and I am shocked why this coincidence didn’t came about in advance! I bookmarked it.
But a smiling visitant here to share the love (:, btw outstanding style and design. “Better by far you should forget and smile than that you should remember and be sad.” by Christina Georgina Rossetti.
The following time I read a blog, I hope that it doesnt disappoint me as a lot as this one. I mean, I do know it was my choice to read, however I actually thought youd have something interesting to say. All I hear is a bunch of whining about one thing that you can repair in case you werent too busy looking for attention.
I have to say that I began to see your website after finding a very interesting post about some info that I was looking for. I must admit that after receiving some of those excellent article on my email and reading through them, I have discovered on this blog a huge supply of invaluable advice which helps me climb to a greater degree everyday.
You could definitely see your skills in the work you write. The world hopes for more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to say how they believe. Always follow your heart.
of courseobviouslynaturallycertainly like your web-sitewebsiteweb site howeverbut you need tohave to testchecktake a look at the spelling on quite a fewseveral of your posts. A numberSeveralMany of them are rife with spelling problemsissues and I in findingfindto find it very bothersometroublesome to tellto inform the truththe reality on the other handhoweverthen againnevertheless I willI’ll certainlysurelydefinitely come backagain again.
Your new precious key points imply much a person like me and more to my workplace workers. With thanks; from everyone of us.
NowAt this timeAt this momentRight away I am goinggoing awayready to do my breakfast, afterlater thanoncewhenafterward having my breakfast coming againyet againover again to read moreadditionalfurtherother news.
I know this if off topic but I’m looking into starting my own blog and was wondering what all is needed to get set up? I’m assuming having a blog like yours would cost a pretty penny? I’m not very web savvy so I’m not 100% certain. Any recommendations or advice would be greatly appreciated. Thank you
fantastic submit, very informative. I’m wondering why the opposite specialists of this sector do not understand this. You should proceed your writing. I’m confident, you’ve a great readers’ base already!
It is in reality a nice and useful piece of information. I am glad that you shared this useful info with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
Thank you for the sensible critique. Me & my neighbor were just preparing to do a little research on this. We got a grab a book from our area library but I think I learned more clear from this post. I’m very glad to see such wonderful info being shared freely out there.
I was studying some of your posts on this internet site and I believe this website is rattling instructive! Keep on putting up.
It is truly a nice and useful piece of info. I’m glad that you just shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thank you for sharing.
It isIt’s appropriateperfectthe best time to make a fewsome plans for the futurethe longer termthe long run and it isit’s time to be happy. I haveI’ve readlearn this postsubmitpublishput up and if I may justmaycould I want towish todesire to suggestrecommendcounsel you fewsome interestingfascinatingattention-grabbing thingsissues or advicesuggestionstips. PerhapsMaybe you couldcan write nextsubsequent articles relating toreferring toregarding this article. I want towish todesire to readlearn moreeven more thingsissues approximatelyabout it!
IMy partner and IMy spouse and IWe absolutely love your blog and find nearly all ofmany ofa lot ofmost ofthe majority ofalmost all of your post’s to be just whatexactlyprecisely whatwhat preciselyexactly whatjust what I’m looking for. Does oneDo youWould youcan you offer guest writers to write content for youavailable for youfor you personallyfor yourselfto suit your needsin your case? I wouldn’t mind composingcreatingproducingpublishingwriting a post or elaborating on a lot of themany of themost of thesome of thea few of thea number of the subjects you write in relation toconcerningaboutregardingrelated towith regards to here. Again, awesome web sitesiteweblogweb logblogwebsite!
SimplyJust want towish todesire to say your article is as astonishingamazingsurprisingastounding. The clearnessclarity in your post is simplyjust spectacularniceexcellentcoolgreat and i cancould assume you areyou’re an expert on this subject. WellFine with your permission allowlet me to grab your RSS feedfeed to keep up to dateupdated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please keep upcontinuecarry on the gratifyingrewardingenjoyable work.
of course like your web-site however you need to take a look at the spelling on quite a few of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling issues and I to find it very bothersome to tell the truth on the other hand I will definitely come back again.
Hi, Neat post. There’s an issue along with your web site in internet explorer, might check this… IE still is the market leader and a good portion of folks will leave out your magnificent writing due to this problem.
HelloHey thereHeyGood dayHowdyHi thereHello thereHi! Would you mind if I share your blog with my facebooktwitterzyngamyspace group? There’s a lot of peoplefolks that I think would really enjoyappreciate your content. Please let me know. ThanksCheersThank youMany thanks
magnificent publish, very informative. I ponder why the opposite specialists of this sector do not realize this. You should continue your writing. I’m sure, you have a great readers’ base already!
Hello, you used to write fantastic, but the last few posts have been kinda boring… I miss your super writings. Past few posts are just a little out of track! come on!
HelloHey thereHeyHowdyGood dayHi thereHello thereHi! This post couldn’tcould not be written any better! ReadingReading through this post reminds me of my oldgood oldprevious room mate! He always kept talkingchatting about this. I will forward this articlepagepostwrite-up to him. Pretty sureFairly certain he will have a good read. ThanksThank youMany thanks for sharing!
Good – I should certainly pronounce, impressed with your web site. I had no trouble navigating through all the tabs as well as related information ended up being truly simple to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Quite unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or something, web site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Nice task.
I’mI am not sure where you areyou’re getting your infoinformation, but goodgreat topic. I needs to spend some time learning moremuch more or understanding more. Thanks for greatwonderfulfantasticmagnificentexcellent informationinfo I was looking for this informationinfo for my mission.
Normally I don’t learn post on blogs, however I would like to say that this write-up very forced me to check out and do so! Your writing taste has been surprised me. Thank you, quite nice article.
Its superb as your other articles : D, appreciate it for posting . “I catnap now and then, but I think while I nap, so it’s not a waste of time.” by Martha Stewart.
I truly appreciate this post. I have been looking all over for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You have made my day! Thx again!
Hello this is somewhat of off topic but I was wanting to know if blogs use WYSIWYG editors or if you have to manually code with HTML. I’m starting a blog soon but have no coding skills so I wanted to get guidance from someone with experience. Any help would be enormously appreciated!
Nice read, I just passed this onto a colleague who was doing a little research on that. And he actually bought me lunch as I found it for him smile Thus let me rephrase that: Thank you for lunch!
Terrific paintings! That is the type of information that are meant to be shared across the net. Disgrace on Google for now not positioning this submit upper! Come on over and discuss with my site . Thank you =)
Have you ever consideredthought about includingadding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuablefundamentalimportant and alleverything. NeverthelessHoweverBut think ofjust imaginethink aboutimagine if you added some great visualsgraphicsphotospicturesimages or video clipsvideos to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with imagespics and clipsvideo clipsvideos, this sitewebsiteblog could undeniablycertainlydefinitely be one of the most beneficialvery bestgreatestbest in its nichefield. AwesomeAmazingVery goodTerrificSuperbGoodWonderfulFantasticExcellentGreat blog!
This is a topic that isthat’swhich is close tonear to my heart… CheersMany thanksBest wishesTake careThank you! WhereExactly where are your contact details though?
Greetings! Very helpfulVery useful advice within thisin this particular articlepost! It is theIt’s the little changes that makewhich will makethat producethat will make the biggestthe largestthe greatestthe most importantthe most significant changes. Thanks a lotThanksMany thanks for sharing!
Somebody necessarily assist to make seriously articles I would state. This is the first time I frequented your web page and thus far? I surprised with the research you made to make this particular put up extraordinary. Excellent task!
Merely wanna comment that you have a very nice internet site , I enjoy the layout it really stands out.
I have seen that fees for on-line degree specialists tend to be an incredible value. For instance a full College Degree in Communication from The University of Phoenix Online consists of Sixty credits with $515/credit or $30,900. Also American Intercontinental University Online offers a Bachelors of Business Administration with a entire school feature of 180 units and a worth of $30,560. Online studying has made obtaining your education much simpler because you might earn your own degree from the comfort of your home and when you finish working. Thanks for all the other tips I have learned through your blog.
Hey there! I know this is kinda off topic however , I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest authoring a blog article or vice-versa? My site covers a lot of the same topics as yours and I feel we could greatly benefit from each other. If you are interested feel free to shoot me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Terrific blog by the way!
excellent points altogether, you simply gained a new reader. What would you recommend in regards to your post that you made a few days ago? Any positive?
ReallyActuallyIn factTrulyGenuinely no matter ifwhen someone doesn’t understandknowbe aware of thenafter thatafterward its up to other userspeopleviewersvisitors that they will helpassist, so here it happensoccurstakes place.
I haven’t checked in here for some time because I thought it was getting boring, but the last few posts are good quality so I guess I’ll add you back to my daily bloglist. You deserve it my friend :)
What’s Happening i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I’ve found It positively useful and it has helped me out loads. I hope to contribute & aid other users like its helped me. Great job.
I additionally believe that mesothelioma is a unusual form of cancer malignancy that is often found in individuals previously familiar with asbestos. Cancerous tissues form inside mesothelium, which is a shielding lining which covers the majority of the body’s body organs. These cells commonly form while in the lining on the lungs, abdomen, or the sac that encircles one’s heart. Thanks for discussing your ideas.
Enjoyed reading through this, very good stuff, appreciate it. “What the United States does best is to understand itself. What it does worst is understand others.” by Carlos Fuentes.
Nice post. I was checking constantly this blog and I am impressed! Extremely helpful info particularly the last part :) I care for such info a lot. I was seeking this certain information for a very long time. Thank you and best of luck.
Have you ever thought about creating an ebook or guest authoring on other websites? I have a blog based on the same topics you discuss and would love to have you share some stories/information. I know my readers would value your work. If you’re even remotely interested, feel free to send me an email.
I was studying some of your content on this internet site and I believe this internet site is real instructive! Keep on putting up.
I’m usually to running a blog and i actually recognize your content. The article has really peaks my interest. I am going to bookmark your site and hold checking for new information.
When IAfter I originallyinitially commentedleft a comment I seem to haveappear to have clickedclicked on the -Notify me when new comments are added- checkbox and nowand from now on each time aevery time awhenever a comment is added I getI recieveI receive four4 emails with the samewith the exact same comment. Is therePerhaps there isThere has to be a waya meansan easy method you canyou are able to remove me from that service? ThanksMany thanksThank youCheersThanks a lotAppreciate itKudos!
Thank you for the auspicious writeup. It if truth be told was once a leisure account it. Look complex to far added agreeable from you! However, how can we communicate?
I have acquired some new things from your web page about pcs. Another thing I have always believed is that computers have become a product that each house must have for a lot of reasons. They supply you with convenient ways in which to organize homes, pay bills, search for information, study, pay attention to music and also watch tv series. An innovative way to complete many of these tasks has been a mobile computer. These pc’s are mobile ones, small, robust and portable.
Nice weblog here! Additionally your web site quite a bit up very fast! What host are you the usage of? Can I am getting your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as quickly as yours lol
One more thing. I do believe that there are many travel insurance internet sites of reliable companies that allow you enter your holiday details and acquire you the quotes. You can also purchase an international travel cover policy online by using the credit card. Everything you should do is usually to enter your current travel details and you can view the plans side-by-side. You only need to find the package that suits your capacity to pay and needs and use your credit card to buy it. Travel insurance online is a good way to start looking for a trustworthy company for international travel insurance. Thanks for sharing your ideas.
Thanks for your article. It’s very unfortunate that over the last ten years, the travel industry has already been able to to take on terrorism, SARS, tsunamis, flu virus, swine flu, and also the first ever true global recession. Through it the industry has proven to be solid, resilient plus dynamic, obtaining new ways to deal with trouble. There are usually fresh difficulties and possibilities to which the market must all over again adapt and behave.
I carry on listening to the news broadcast speak about getting boundless online grant applications so I have been looking around for the finest site to get one. Could you advise me please, where could i acquire some?
HelloHi there, just became aware ofalert to your blog through Google, and found that it isit’s reallytruly informative. I’mI am gonnagoing to watch out for brussels. I willI’ll appreciatebe grateful if you continue this in future. A lot ofLots ofManyNumerous people will be benefited from your writing. Cheers!
GreatExcellentGoodVery good postarticle. I amI’mI will be facingdealing withgoing throughexperiencing a few of thesesome of thesemany of these issues as well..
One thing I would really like to comment on is that fat reduction plan fast may be possible by the proper diet and exercise. Your size not just affects appearance, but also the overall quality of life. Self-esteem, despression symptoms, health risks, in addition to physical abilities are disturbed in putting on weight. It is possible to make everything right whilst still having a gain. If this happens, a medical problem may be the reason. While a lot of food rather than enough workout are usually to blame, common medical conditions and traditionally used prescriptions can easily greatly add to size. Thanks a bunch for your post here.
HiHelloHi thereHello thereHowdyGreetings, I thinkI believeI do believeI do thinkThere’s no doubt that your siteyour websiteyour web siteyour blog might bemay becould becould possibly be having browserinternet browserweb browser compatibility issuesproblems. When IWhenever I look at yourtake a look at your websiteweb sitesiteblog in Safari, it looks fine but whenhowever whenhowever, ifhowever, when opening in Internet ExplorerIEI.E., it hasit’s got some overlapping issues. I justI simplyI merely wanted to give you aprovide you with a quick heads up! Other than thatApart from thatBesides thatAside from that, fantasticwonderfulgreatexcellent blogwebsitesite!
HelloGreetingsHey thereHeyGood dayHowdyHi thereHello thereHi! This is my first visit to your blog! We are a groupcollectionteam of volunteers and starting a new initiativeproject in a community in the same niche. Your blog provided us valuableusefulbeneficial information to work on. You have done a marvellousoutstandingextraordinarywonderful job!
Thank you for some other informative site. The place else could I am getting that kind of info written in such a perfect method? I have a mission that I am just now working on, and I’ve been at the look out for such info.
Hi! Do you know if they make any plugins to protect against hackers? I’m kinda paranoid about losing everything I’ve worked hard on. Any suggestions?
I don’tdo not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was goodgreat. I don’tdo not know who you are but definitelycertainly you areyou’re going to a famous blogger if you are notaren’t already ;) Cheers!
I really like your writing style, fantastic info, appreciate it for putting up :D. “The superfluous is very necessary.” by Francois Marie Arouet Voltaire.
whoah this blog is magnificent i love reading your posts. Keep up the great work! You know, a lot of people are looking around for this info, you can aid them greatly.
My coderprogrammerdeveloper is trying to persuadeconvince me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the expensescosts. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using Movable-typeWordPress on a number ofa variety ofnumerousseveralvarious websites for about a year and am nervousanxiousworriedconcerned about switching to another platform. I have heard fantasticvery goodexcellentgreatgood things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can transferimport all my wordpress contentposts into it? Any kind ofAny help would be reallygreatly appreciated!
I like this web blog very much, Its a rattling nice place to read and obtain information. “There is no exercise better for the heart than reaching down and lifting people up.” by John Andrew Holmes.
Thanks for another informative website. Where else could I get that kind of info written in such a perfect way? I’ve a project that I’m just now working on, and I have been on the look out for such info.
HiWhat’s upHi thereHello friendsmatescolleagues, how is everythingallthe whole thing, and what you wantdesirewish forwould like to say regardingconcerningabouton the topic of this articlepostpiece of writingparagraph, in my view its reallyactuallyin facttrulygenuinely awesomeremarkableamazing fordesigned forin favor ofin support of me.
You can certainly see your expertise within the paintings you write. The world hopes for even more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to say how they believe. At all times follow your heart.
Thanks , I’ve just been searching for information about this topic for a while and yours is the greatest I’ve found out till now. However, what in regards to the bottom line? Are you certain concerning the supply?
Keep up the good piece of work, I read few blog posts on this web site and I conceive that your web site is rattling interesting and holds sets of great information.
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your site and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Any way I will be subscribing to your feeds and even I achievement you access consistently rapidly.
Great blog here! Also your website loads up very fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my site loaded up as fast as yours lol
I loved as much as you willyou’ll receive carried out right here. The sketch is tastefulattractive, your authored subject mattermaterial stylish. nonetheless, you command get boughtgot an edginessnervousnessimpatienceshakiness over that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come furthermore formerly again sinceas exactly the same nearly a lotvery often inside case you shield this increasehike.
As I web-site possessor I believe the content matter here is rattling magnificent , appreciate it for your efforts. You should keep it up forever! Good Luck.
I’m still learning from you, as I’m trying to achieve my goals. I definitely enjoy reading everything that is written on your blog.Keep the information coming. I loved it!
These are reallyactuallyin facttrulygenuinely greatenormousimpressivewonderfulfantastic ideas in regardingconcerningabouton the topic of blogging. You have touched some nicepleasantgoodfastidious pointsfactorsthings here. Any way keep up wrinting.
Somebody necessarily lend a hand to make severely posts I might state. That is the first time I frequented your website page and thus far? I amazed with the research you made to create this actual put up extraordinary. Great job!
NiceExcellentGreat blog here! Also your websitesiteweb site loads up fastvery fast! What hostweb host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my websitesiteweb site loaded up as fastquickly as yours lol
Thanks for sharing a great information. I agree with you. Blog Commenting is such a powerful technique to get the quality back link.
HowdyHi thereHey thereHelloHey just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The textwords in your contentpostarticle seem to be running off the screen in IeInternet explorerChromeFirefoxSafariOpera. I’m not sure if this is a formatformatting issue or something to do with web browserinternet browserbrowser compatibility but I thoughtfigured I’d post to let you know. The style and designdesign and stylelayoutdesign look great though! Hope you get the problemissue solvedresolvedfixed soon. KudosCheersMany thanksThanks
I like it! Interesting informations over this site. It is pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will be much more useful than ever before. I couldn’t resist commenting. I’ve spent 1 hour searching for such informations. I will also share it with some friends interested in it. I’ve just bookmarked this website. Now with the job done, I going to enjoy some live hot gay cams. Thanks!! Greetings from Los Angeles!
It is appropriate time to make some plans for the longer term and it’s time to be happy. I’ve read this post and if I could I wish to counsel you some fascinating things or tips. Perhaps you can write subsequent articles referring to this article. I want to read even more things about it!
naturally like your web-site however you need to take a look at the spelling on several of your posts. Several of them are rife with spelling problems and I to find it very bothersome to inform the reality on the other hand I’ll certainly come back again.
Wow! Thank you! I continuously needed to write on my blog something like that. Can I include a part of your post to my website?
Today, I went to the beachfront with my children. I found a sea shell and gave it to my 4 year old daughter and said “You can hear the ocean if you put this to your ear.” She put the shell to her ear and screamed. There was a hermit crab inside and it pinched her ear. She never wants to go back! LoL I know this is totally off topic but I had to tell someone!
hi!,I love your writing very so much! share we keep in touch extra about your article on AOL? I need a specialist on this space to unravel my problem. Maybe that is you! Taking a look forward to see you.
Write more, thats all I have to say. Literally, it seems as though you relied on the video to make your
point. You clearly know what youre talking about, why throw away your intelligence on just posting videos to
My spouse and IWeMy partner and I stumbled over here coming from afrom aby a different web pagewebsitepageweb address and thought I mightmay as wellmight as wellshould check things out. I like what I see so now i amnow i’mi am just following you. Look forward to going overexploringfinding out aboutlooking overchecking outlooking atlooking into your web page againyet againfor a second timerepeatedly.
I’m truly enjoying the design and layout of your website. It’s a very easy on the eyes which makes it much more enjoyable for me to come here and visit more often. Did you hire out a designer to create your theme? Excellent work!
My spouse and I stumbled over here coming from a different web page and thought I may as well check things out. I like what I see so now i’m following you. Look forward to going over your web page repeatedly.
Hi there just wanted to give you a brief heads up and let you know a few of the images aren’t loading properly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different internet browsers and both show the same results.
Hey there! I’ve been following your blog for some time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from Lubbock Tx! Just wanted to tell you keep up the excellent job!
I wanted to put you this very little note to say thank you once again on the superb tricks you have shared in this article. It was simply remarkably open-handed with people like you to supply unhampered exactly what numerous people could possibly have made available for an e book in making some profit on their own, even more so seeing that you might have done it if you desired. These solutions as well acted to become easy way to recognize that other people have the identical eagerness just as mine to figure out a little more with respect to this condition. I am sure there are several more pleasurable times up front for folks who discover your website.
SimplyJust want towish todesire to say your article is as astonishingamazingsurprisingastounding. The clearnessclarity for youron yourin yourto your postsubmitpublishput up is simplyjust spectacularniceexcellentcoolgreat and iand that i cancould thinkassumesuppose you areyou’re a professionalknowledgeablean expert in thison this subject. WellFine with yourtogether with youralong with your permission allowlet me to take hold ofgrabclutchgraspseizesnatch your RSS feedfeed to staykeep up to dateupdated with drawing closeapproachingcoming near nearforthcomingimminentimpending post. Thank youThanks a millionone million1,000,000 and please keep upcontinuecarry on the gratifyingrewardingenjoyable work.
What i don’t understood is actually how you’re no longer really much more neatly-liked than you might be now. You’re very intelligent. You realize thus considerably in relation to this matter, made me in my view consider it from a lot of numerous angles. Its like men and women aren’t involved except it¡¦s something to accomplish with Girl gaga! Your personal stuffs outstanding. Always maintain it up!
Some truly nice and utilitarian info on this internet site, too I conceive the design and style holds fantastic features.
I think the admin of this web page is in fact working haqrd for his website, for the reason that here
Like!! I blog quite often and I genuinely thank you for your information. The article has truly peaked my interest.
I’m still learning from you, as I’m improving myself. I certainly love reading everything that is written on your website.Keep the stories coming. I liked it!
You are aware of hence substantially when it comes to the following subject, created me in my view think it is by several many sides aplikasi prediksi saham terkini. Its similar to men and women are usually not concerned besides it’s something to execute using Gal crazy! Your own personal items exceptional. Often deal with up!
F*ckin’ tremendous things here. I’m very glad to see your post. Thanks a lot and i am looking forward to contact you. Will you kindly drop me a e-mail?
Nice blog here! Also your website loads up very fast! What host are you using? Can I get your affiliate link to your host? I wish my website loaded up as quickly as yours lol
I have recently started a blog, the info you provide on this web site has helped me tremendously. Thanks for all of your time & work.
Great – I should certainly pronounce, impressed with your web site. I had no trouble navigating through all the tabs as well as related information ended up being truly easy to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it in the least. Quite unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or anything, site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Nice task..
You made some nice points there. I looked on the internet for the subject matter and found most persons will agree with your site.
I’m really impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your weblog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Either way keep up the nice quality writing, it’s rare to see a nice blog like this one today..
Good day! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I’m getting sick and tired of WordPress because I’ve had issues with hackers and I’m looking at alternatives for another platform. I would be great if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
Simply wanna comment on few general things, The website design is perfect, the subject matter is real great : D.
AwesomeVery goodSuperbWonderfulFantasticExcellentGreat sitewebsiteblog you have here but I was curiouswanting to knowcurious aboutwondering if you knew of any user discussion forumsmessage boardscommunity forumsdiscussion boardsforums that cover the same topics talked aboutdiscussed in this articlehere? I’d really lovereally like to be a part of grouponline communitycommunity where I can get advicefeed-backresponsesopinionscommentssuggestionsfeedback from other knowledgeableexperienced individualspeople that share the same interest. If you have any recommendationssuggestions, please let me know. Bless youThanks a lotKudosCheersMany thanksThank youAppreciate itThanks!
I really enjoy reading on this website , it has wonderful posts . “Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.” by Rudyard Kipling.
I’ve been browsing online greater than three hours lately, yet I never discovered any fascinating article like yours. It is lovely price enough for me. In my opinion, if all website owners and bloggers made just right content material as you probably did, the net will likely be a lot more helpful than ever before. “I thank God for my handicaps, for through them, I have found myself, my work and my God.” by Hellen Keller.
HowdyHi thereHey thereHiHelloHey would you mind statingsharing which blog platform you’re working withusing? I’m lookingplanninggoing to start my own blog in the near futuresoon but I’m having a toughdifficulthard time making a decisionselectingchoosingdeciding between BlogEngine/Wordpress/B2evolution and Drupal. The reason I ask is because your design and styledesignlayout seems different then most blogs and I’m looking for something completely uniqueunique. P.S My apologiesApologiesSorry for gettingbeing off-topic but I had to ask!
Simply desire to say your article is as surprising. The clearness in your post is just spectacular and i can assume you’re an expert on this subject. Fine with your permission let me to grab your feed to keep updated with forthcoming post. Thanks a million and please carry on the rewarding work.
I feel this is among the so much significant information for me. And i’m glad studying your article. However should statement on some normal issues, The web site style is wonderful, the articles is really excellent : D. Excellent task, cheers
Hi there I am so delighted I found your weblog, I really found you by error, while I was searching on Aol for something else, Nonetheless I am here now and would just like to say thanks for a incredible post and a all round exciting blog (I also love the theme/design), I don’t have time to look over it all at the minute but I have bookmarked it and also added your RSS feeds, so when I have time I will be back to read much more, Please do keep up the great work.
A motivating discussion is worth comment. I do believe that you ought tto write mote on this subject,
HeyHey thereHiHello, I think your blogwebsitesite might be having browser compatibility issues. When I look at your blogblog sitewebsite in FirefoxSafariIeChromeOpera, it looks fine but when opening in Internet Explorer, it has some overlapping. I just wanted to give you a quick heads up! Other then that, greatawesomeamazingvery goodsuperbterrificwonderfulfantasticexcellent blog!
I loveI really likeI likeEveryone loves it when peoplewhen individualswhen folkswhenever people come togetherget together and share opinionsthoughtsviewsideas. Great blogwebsitesite, keep it upcontinue the good workstick with it!
Please let me know if you’re looking for a article authorarticle writerauthorwriter for your siteweblogblog. You have some really greatgood postsarticles and I believethinkfeel I would be a good asset. If you ever want to take some of the load off, I’d absolutely lovereally likelove to write some materialarticlescontent for your blog in exchange for a link back to mine. Please sendblastshoot me an e-mailemail if interested. RegardsKudosCheersThank youMany thanksThanks!
Howdy, i read your blog from time to time and i own a similar one and i was just wondering if you get a lot of spam feedback? If so how do you stop it, any plugin or anything you can suggest? I get so much lately it’s driving me crazy so any support is very much appreciated.
What’s Going down i’m new to this, I stumbled upon this I have discovered It positively useful and it has helped me out loads. I hope to give a contribution & assist different customers like its helped me. Great job.
Hey there! Do you know if they make any plugins to help with Search Engine Optimization? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good results. If you know of any please share. Appreciate it!
Just wish to say your article is as amazing. The clarity to your put up is just spectacular and that i can assume you are knowledgeable in this subject. Well along with your permission allow me to seize your feed to keep updated with drawing close post. Thanks 1,000,000 and please carry on the enjoyable work.
Hey there very cool weblog! Dude. Superb. Superb. I am going to bookmark your internet site plus consider the provides nourishment to additionally? I’m just willing to obtain a lot of helpful data with your upload, we end up needing work out extra techniques on this consider, many thanks for expressing.. video youtube indonesia
Simply want to say your article is as amazing. The clarity for your submit is just cool and i can suppose you are a professional on this subject. Fine together with your permission allow me to snatch your feed to stay updated with approaching post. Thanks a million and please continue the rewarding work.
I was just searching for this info for some time. After 6 hours of continuous Googleing, finally I got it in your website. I wonder what is the lack of Google strategy that do not rank this type of informative web sites in top of the list. Usually the top web sites are full of garbage.
Cool one! Interesting information over this web. It’s pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all site owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the web will be much more useful than ever before. I couldn’t resist commenting. I ‘ve spent 1 hour searching for such infos. I will also share it with some friends interested in it. I have just bookmarked this web. Right now with the task done, I going to enjoy some model shemale cams. Danke!! Greetings from Philadelphia!
KARAOKE THURSDAYS from 9 PM to 1 AM in the Games Room! Our booming new sound system makes anyone sound like a star! Come on down, select a song, and show us what you’ve got. It’s a blast! Be There!
SIMON MacMILLAN MEMORIAL PUB QUIZ, Wednesdays at 8:30 PM at Streets of London Pub! Join us for our weekly trivia night! Assemble your team of up to six players and attempt to defeat last week’s champs and the rest of the challengers for QUIZ GLORY and FABULOUS PRIZES. It’s always a good time and always FREE to play so come give it a go!
Astronomy For the sharing of astronomical observations by our members with an interest, and pretty pictures for all to enjoy.
We had a thunder storm. My husband has told me Georgia rarely gets them.. well apparently the weather is making a liar out of him. we've had either rain or thunder over the last several days.
Well, the clouds cleared yesterday afternoon and I had high hopes for the evening.....but a front moved in about an hour before sunset.....hopes dashed again.
Last night we had one here in Wisconsin. It temporary took out the power, and the cats were not happy, I had to tell them its OK our oldest got out and got wet he looked like a wet mop when we found him that when we first moved up here.. The storm kinda first woke me up than put back to sleep. When my sight is better I well have to post and add a few new lines to a work in progress.
I got a sight of five meteors on the late evening of the 15th: all quite long streakers with a slightly orange cast.
"When I became a man I put away childish things, including the fear of childishness and the desire to be very grown up." C. S. Lewis
"I find television very educational. Whenever somebody switches it on I go in the other room and read a book." (attributed to Groucho Marx)
3 days ago, I saw 1 at the start of the night but then forgot about it and went to bed. The next morning, it started to rain so not much chance since to keep an eye on what's happening.
The undoubted stand-out for meteor observers in the summer of 2007 is a very favourable return of the Perseids, peaking on Aug 13d 02h UT in dark, moonless skies.
At this time, just as dawn is approaching for observers in the British Isles, the Perseid radiant will be high in the eastern sky and from locations away from artificial light pollution rates of around a meteor per minute should be attained.
In most years, the Perseids produce corrected ZHR around 80 at maximum, with rates at half that level on Aug 11-12 and 13-14.
Indeed, watches on any night in the 10-day interval centred on Perseid maximum are likely to be very productive for the patient observer: this is a great time for new observers to try their hand at meteor work!"
Hello everyone, my name is Graion Dilach - you can call me simply as Graion - and I am here to deliver the residual SWR-hosted newcomer project, Attacque Supérior's 2015 progress report. To put it bluntly - talk about the greatest challenge this 5 year old project faced.
In early summer 2015, Attacque Supérior successfully switched engines and left Yuri's Revenge/Ares for good in favor of OpenRA. (Many thanks to Astor of Crystallized Doom for actually initiating the process) While the conversion isn't completed at the moment, and probably won't be for a good while now, the changes have already led AS into a path of constant evolution, pushing boundaries and reinventing gameplay.
In the current beta build, Allies, Soviets and the Freedom Confederates have already been restored, with Pacted probably following them. Yuri and Oppressors will have to wait - the first one due to requiring major features to be recoded before usable, the latter due it's gameplay style still being redesigned from the ground up.
In this newspost I'll be talking about the potential hidden in the codebase. Attacque Supérior will have it's own unique codebase working and maintained alongside with the OpenRA main code/repository. This is a feature of OpenRA's - mods created/run by capable modders can code their own features and include them as a third-party plugin, which can be included just like any asset by the mod. Attacque Supérior will definitely (ab)use this feature, due to many reasons, from not relying on other third party dependencies (like the WIP RA2 mod), and allowing to prioritize/feature logics the base games (ie. any Westwood-made C&C) doesn't have/fit, for example, a planned feature for Pacted will be the Generals US pilot-system with it's salvageable veterancy system, with the "engine support" technically being placed into the AS codebase.
What makes this feature newspostworthy even now that AS will not sit on this codebase privately. You can already track - albeit a bit lousy - it on https://github.com/GraionDilach/OpenRA.Mods.AS and - if you're an OpenRA modder - even use this code in your OpenRA project, provided you actually get to compile it - an example to set it up will always be provided in my OpenRA repository - https://github.com/GraionDilach/OpenRA. Keep in mind that the AS codebase is provided as-is and might not fully compliant with the OpenRA guidelines.
Another drastic change as a followup of the above turned up to be the move of the whole AS project from C&C Guild. While Revora, the association behind C&C Guild was a great place and great start for projects like AS, the scattered community and the sheer size always resulted with an abandoned feel for AS. This, as well as Revora's choice of separating C&C Online entirely from C&C Guild implied to me that the Guild is a legacy of his own, one which has no long-term chance to shine again. At first I didn't even intended to pop up on SWR, but honestly speaking, SWR is a friendly place where I do feel I belong to for a while now. And I'm happy I could join.
Another newspost will come later to talk about what changes the factions themselves received due to the engine change. But there's also a different option.
Yes, you see it right, after a year of absence AS returns to the channel of Hecthor Doomhammer, bringing back the crazyness in full time! We're hoping to actually maintain the monthly streams this time though. You'll see how AS evolved in a lot different ways. I will also ofcourse monitor the streamchat and will try to answer your questions in real-time. So be prepared at the madness incoming at 13th Feb 19:00!
We're also opening up tester positions for now, since now that we're through the first hiccups, we could use some fresh insight to evolve further. A requirement will be a Skype account you're willing to share besides an SWR account ofcourse.
The 2016 roadmap so far has the Pacted rejuvenation, working on missing RA2/Ares/AS features and whatever knocks in. We'll see what that'll be.
we have players who don't play, testers who don't test, devs who don't dev and members who don't remember
Hey everybody, my name is Hecthor Doomhammer and I bring you regular streams of Rise of the Reds Generals: Contra and Mental Omega
Do I drop Tucker (on bye), Lockett or Rams D/ST for a kicker this week? For some reason I want to hold Tucker for ROS. And I have Chiefs D/ST in my lineup.
It really depends if you want to play kickers by matchup weekly or defenses. Baltimore has a really juicy schedule coming up so they SHOULD score some points. Do you even play Lockette? How are you WRs?
Yeah I would drop Lockett as well. I would never consider playing him over Theielen, Boyd Hilton or Sutton
I’m in first overall, second in points, I traded for Dalvin Cook the week he returned to practice in full and then three hours later he said he won’t be playing til he’s 100%. So I’ve gotten not a single point from him. That being said, do I trade:
Current receivers are Julio, Landry, Tate, Watkins, Enunwa. Current RBs are Kamara, Cook, AP, Thompson, McCoy. Full PPR league.
.5 PPR. No AJ Green makes John Ross really interesting. How many points are actually going to be scored in the game vs Buff? I think McGuire is the safer play but John Ross could be a HR play with a lower floor.
Tough call,,,,,we don't know what the Jet offense will look like with Mccown,,,,and Cincy should score some points. If Peterman starts I think the Jets get a lead and RUN A LOT ----my 2 cents if Peterman starts I start Mcguire.
If Im you I keep Cook n Kamura = I don't like Drake or the fish offense---and you can start Tate--Julio--Landry. The WR u own have not found the end zone much but neither has Allen.
I just pulled off a desperation trade. My team is 5-4 and the running back situation went to complete shit due to injuries. My latest rotation was Hyde, Ekeler, Ito Smith. I traded Julio Jones and Ekeler for Fournette and Drake. The value seemed about even. My receivers are now Deandre Hopkins, Sammy Watkins, Allen Robinson and just picked up MVS off the waiver wire. I know it's harsh losing Julio, but I got 2 new starting RBs over the trash I had and should be able to make do at WR. It's PPR and yards league.
I like this trade a lot,,,,u just need Fornette to stay healthy,,,,,Julio could go off at any moment but IMO you are good at WR and after the trade at RB also
So just picked up Jalen Richard. Someone dropped him the other day. Would you ride him over John Ross at flex? .5 PPR.
Find within old venerable threads locked for size reasons. Threads within may be from any category or forum outside of Adoptions and Fandom. This forum is Read-Only.
GwenElf, thanks for maintaining this thread during the time I was away in Ban Limbo. I can now take charge again of the original thread, if a mod/admin is so kind as to unlock it. Ta!
Berhael's back! *Glomp!* List has been updated through Gil's new addy, so feel free to copy and paste.
No crazy junk mail please. I've already lost one Hotmail account due to obscene amounts of rubbish in my inbox.
Smantie, I have a friend who would love your email address. And your sig pic. I think she was a pineapple in another life.
I just remembered about this thread! I have a new e-mail, and the old one is now defunct (too much porno spam!)
In case anyone wants to email me, ever, (why? i dunno), my email address is luthien_007@earthling.net
Gwen, please remove my name. I just got some vicious hate mail from an unknown TORCer today. I don't particularly want any more.
Laureanna-- *HUGSES*!! I'm sorry to hear someone was sending you hatemail. *Gets out her sword and goes in search of mailer...*
I'm sorry but I have to ask this what's in the takenoko cut? Is there like a bonus scene or something. Sorry if I'm being annoying.
It's basically how takenoko would have done the movie. It mostly involves removal of some scenes and a different end.
He's done with before with Kamen Rider the Next... possibly others earlier but that's the only one I can remember or know of.
Mind stating what the differences are? If its just removal of some scenes then I would find it pointless to watch the edited version
It's a re editing, putting things in a somewhat different order to tell the same story but with a bit of a different message... Least that's what I saw the Take-Cuts to be.
So what I'm reading is in this cut Eternal is Den-o's son from the future who has to fight space vampires and take it to the limit one more time.
Quote: 'If you can't learn to love yourself... how the hell are you gonna love anybody else?' - RuPaul Charles
10.) Dreadful voice acting - While there are some good guys involved in Mass Effect such as Armin Shimerman, Marina Sirtis and Seth Green and such playing a few key roles, the rest mainly just plain suck. A noteworthy example is that asari bitch you pick up who can't use contractions for the life of her when everyone else in her race uses them just fine but she can't because she's exotic or something.
8.) Completely standard sci-fi storyline "borrowed" from various franchises with a plot twist so obvious I had to ask Google what people meant after I completed the scenario. I figured out exactly what would happen the first time I heard that an ancient evil race destroyed all life in the galaxy fifty thousand years ago. I'm sure you can infer what's going to happen if you haven't played it yet.
7.) Generally bad graphical decisions such as Unreal Engine's primitive shadows dancing around because of all the light sources, J.J. Abrams lens flares, and obnoxious bloom effects.
5.) Weapons that either stay overheated or go without the zoom functions throughout the scenario. I had to restart probably five times before the game got it right.
4.) Since your two squadmates are too stupid to just follow you into elevators after you push an activate button, they automatically transfer behind you and put you all in an immobile state while the elevator moves. Sometimes, when the elevator stops, it forgets to actually let you start moving again.
2.) View is distorted for minutes on end after a rocket hitting things near me, and I am not exaggering anything.
My computer is completely capable of running various other games on the Unreal Engine and other games on a similar graphics budget. It's just that every time you open the game you find something new. I'm not saying you find something new that is, in fact, good, but if you're in the mood for something that is completely graphically and erroneously unstable, BUY THIS GAME. I will certainly not buy any sequels or games previously released by BioWare.
I am forced to limit this to ten reasons of why this game is the absolute worst game in the history of video games. Runners up are not just limited to technical problems and I may post them someday.
Never have I played a game fully patched in suc a state of disrepair as Mass Effect. Why do people like a game worth an absolute zero.
10. As opposed to what? The voice acting gets things done...I don't know what you're version of "awesome" voice acting is though...
7. I thought the visual style worked for it. I agree about the shadows though, but it looks mostly fixed in the next one.
It sounds like a lot of the problems you have are the result of bugs which not a lot of people have...
I'm not saying you find something new that is, in fact, good, but if you're in the mood for something that is completely graphically and erroneously unstable, BUY THIS GAME.
Well, maybe your rig just sucks...mine isn't as great as it used to be and it can STILL play this at full with no lag and no graphical bugs.
Because people aren't...um...cynical? Most people aren't. A lot of people have mid-to okay rigs that can actually run games...and, you know, appreciation for the story if you actually paid attention to it...
It sounds like you're the sort of person who really enjoyed Doom 3 for it's wholesome family fun and "excellent" storyline. Have a nice day.
My computer is completely capable of running various other games on the Unreal Engine and other games on a similar graphics budget.
Doom 3 has a well-detailed and written storyline. The concept is what it has always been, but unlike just some small backstory of Hell invading Mars, it has
Mass Effect has a storyline with minimal plot holes but also with minimal plot twists and easily forgettable characters. I have also seen absolutely everything used in this game already in Star Trek and Star Wars along with a few other various sci-fi episodes that aren't worth mentioning much. It's very unoriginal and they did absolutely nothing to change that.
I'm not sure how you can go along saying weapons working improperly sounds like a bug and then ask me about how many achievements I've gained as I've not kept track, but I've upgraded my weapons whenever I've found better ones lying around and they all had the same problem until I restarted the campaign, which made the first mission and few cinematics the most boring things ever by now.
I can generally run this at 60 FPS on the maximum settings and a stable 30 FPS in Fraps (though I haven't tried it at 50 or 60 FPS) so I'll record the bugs I encounter next time I play through (at one of the higher difficulty levels, mind you), though I'll not be able to take a video of that walking-quicksave flaw of course.
And what's with the Halo comment? I've never played the franchise so I'm not sure what you mean if it has bugs or something.
With regards to point number 8. Basically most any non-book scifi story from the late 60s onwards is gonna be some **** thrown in a blender.
Star Trek: Forbidden Planet The Series, basically. Later mashed together w/ spaghetti westerns, Shakespeare and Horatio Hornblower. It's built up so much over the years that I won't even bother to list this ****. Bonus points for directly ripping off a species and a whole plot without even bothering to cover it up (The Slaver Weapon). Which means the Known Space universe paradoxically takes place in the Star Trek universe. Nice job, TAS writers.
Star Wars: Greek mythology, with some eastern religion, Dune, serial space pulps and heavy helpings of WWII nostalgia.
Halo: Ian Banks's Culture books with all the crazy technology yanked out. Add heavy helpings of Ringworld and ape the visual design right off of Aliens. Hey, let's rip off our older, cooler Marathon games while we're at it too. Noone remembers that ****.
You...have to be joking...right? Doom 3 has no story. Worst of all, it's a direct knock-off from Half-Life. Scientists accidently creating a hole into some other place where monsters come out, turn people into zombies, all placed in some facility.
In terms of the Doom 3 plot, the Mass Effect plot blows it out of the water by a long shot. They give you hints and clues throughout the whole thing and when they explain it in the end...Well, it surprises me when someone says Doom 3 has better writing. Don't get me wrong, Doom 3 is a wonderful horror game, but in terms of plot...it suffers...
There's a bug in the game where if you have the...Dogs of War achievement? Meh, there's one or two that bug the guns so that they'll never go down in the overheat. It's simple to fix, but it's been a while since I had.
I've never had that problem. Quicksaving is how I get through most games and I've never crashed once.
Ah, to your comment about the squadmates being stupid (which I agree with btw,) the allies in Halo are among the dumbest in all the games. Although, maybe not as bad as the survivors in Dead Rising...
I haven't played this myself but from watching the Xbox 360 version, it looked well constructed like other games from BioWare(if I got this wrong...ohh well). Also the storyline looked coherent, from the 30 minutes I watched it.
Science fiction since the 1980s could hardly be called "original". New concepts are hard to come by and anything that's quantifiably new is just old stuff in new combinations.
Mass Effect doesn't try because it's a deliberate tribute to science fiction films of the 70s and 80s. Those movies didn't bother covering their asses as far as inspiration, and true to the spirit, nor does Mass Effect.
Oblivion and fallout 3 where the 2 greatest games I've ever played **** the graphics they were thrilling games with in-depth story lines
The dialogue is just annoying and most of it is useless information which doesn't activate anything special in the game play plus you can't skip things.
You run slow. It takes forever you to get loaded back up after a death with all the stupid music and spinning and
you can't skip the ****ing cut scenes which are so obnoxiously drawn out (oh look the bad guys made their terrible movie scene entrance whoohooo.
I can understand you star trek freaks and your boldly go attitude but that just makes your opinion of the game mean nothing. The actual game play is not even notable.
People who enjoyed this game most likely are not very intellectually inclined abd they're most likely easily amused & impressed by things like stupid human tricks.
Dude, Bethesda games are even worse than BioWare games. I mean I guess if you buy games to shoot stuff there's definitely more shooting in Oblivion 2. But neither company makes actual roleplaying games.
Crashed on me a bunch. Legal Steam copy, fully patched, highly stable computer. Not a fail on my part, but rather the developer's. Unless, of course, there is a mysterious key combination that no one ever speaks of with W+F5 that closes a program.
But nevermind that, it was stupid of me to put that as #1, or possibly even on that list, because it could be easily circumvented by standing still whenever quicksaving. Still a pathetic flaw.
The game basically sucks because of how shallow the roleplaying is, how poorly written all of the dialogue and characters are, and how uncreative the narrative is. Friendly AI is also tards.
Mass Effect was not designed or optimised for the PC. Electronic Arts ported it after buying Bioware, flaws with the PC version have nothing to do with Bioware.
Crashed on me a bunch. Legal Steam copy, fully patched, highly stable computer. Not a fail on my part, but rather the developer's.
Had that same happening with Half-Life 2 back then. Back-and-forth mailing with Valve software resulted in that Valve stated "that my computer was crapped and I needed to re-install Windows". Yeah, right . . .
Someone asked me to write an article on this, so here goes, I hope you can at least glean some good information. This is a personal understanding, not a traditional view or an Order manifesto (which I am not a part of anyway).
Various schools of thought have an age range in which they elect to teach new members and pass down certain teachings. In Buddhism it is said you can not gain Enlightenment until you are at least 36. Many argue it is a significant number (3+6=9, a very powerful number in the Buddhist, and most mystical, traditions), but the easiest historical answer to this dogma is because that is the age Buddha became Enlightened under the Boddhi Tree. The ancient Daoists never let anyone one younger than their forties enter a temple nor become an adept of the teachings. Similar to the Qabalistic viewpoint, you should not be under forty, should have a loving wife and children to show you are mature enough, responsible enough, and possibly, have enough of God's Holy Grace to bless you with a family and Qabalalist mentor or tradition. It was okay for a Qabalist to take on a wife because she represented Shekinah, the Female Aspect or God's Blessing depending on your beliefs. When the Qabalist made love it acted as a prayer to God for all the Pleasures and Bounty of Creation. When the Qabalist was away the Shekinah Spirit kept him in power, so it was his duty to offer prayer and homage to Shekinah by the pleasuring of ones wife when he returned.
There are a lot of significances behind the meaning of numbers, from the Runic Alphabet, Hebrew Alphabet, Greek Alphabet and various form of number divination- Gematria, Pythogorian Numerology, Astrological Significance of the number (which my knowledge of astrology is slim), etc. For example, let's say the exact age of joining a Qabalistic mentorship is 43. By the practice of Numerology, using the Pythagorean method (add all numbers until you end up with a prime), you reach the number 7. Seven is another very holy number. 777 is said to represent the Halls of Heavan (although it breaks down into 3, the Trinity aspect). 7, which would be important for the Qabalists, is also the Chariot Trump/Major Arcana, which an old school of Jewish Mysticism modeled entierely off of the biblical mythology of the Chariot, called Merkavah or Merkabah. The Merkabah, or Chariot of God, is the vision Ezekial had of the Flaming Pillars, Four Holy Creatures (Hayoth Ha-Kodesh- aligned with Kether and the Archangel Metatron, or Thaumiel and Kings Satan and Moloch). I know little of the path besides this, but it gives you an insight into why age is so important to the traditional mystical master-disciple relationships.
Another aspect of initiation is far removed from numerology and mysticism, and more to do with mental and physical maturity. Take Boddhidharma for example- could he have sat under that Boddhi tree without moving and just letting his thoughts pass, or be in a void state, without being somewhat mentally and physically mature? The Dharma is not meant for children, not because they should not enjoy it nor follow it, but because they are written in parable and metaphor, that of which most children cannot comprehend, at least not the deeper meanings. You needed to be somewhat intelligent and literate to follow any mystical path and the Buddhist path was no exception. Buddhism was traditionally a patriarchal society and religion, meaning no women were allowed to become an adept let alone Enlightened, because they were thought to be spiritually impure. From my understanding of patriarchal societies, the men probably thought the females were also unintelligent, not able to grasp the deeper meanings of the Dharma (funny thing, most women these days seem to have the best handle on matters of intuition and spirit). The female had to come back as a male the next life in order to reach Nirvana.
From all schools of mysticism there are thousands of scriptures to be read, recited and a few memorized and you could not do this without a pretty good education in writing and reading. The Medieval Ceremonial Magicians are another example of a mystical patriarchal and path for the learned... and noble. A common villager did not have the money, schooling, or innovation to create or perform such elaborate rituals wrought with sigils, precious gems and stones, rare and hallucinogenic plants and perfumes and Latin, Hebrew or Greek incantations and prayers, and the various other tools and magical goodies. Not only do you need to be learned, but your mind has to be able to concentrate long enough to absorb the theory and memorize the calls and physical maturity to feel your self as authority over infernal or celestial entities and the strength and endurance to last in ritual for lengthy amounts of time. The hands on mystical, martial and magical paths have nothing to do with how spiritually and faithfully you feel and act towards your ideal of divinity and how much compassion you express (although this is a very noble path which mysticism need not have any part for its positive transformational affects on self and others), but how much knowledge you can contain, how many techniques you can perform, how many orations you can speak or yell at a moments notice.
If you search for the Greek 'Chakra' system you will find they do not relate to the body parts, (and more closely aligned with traditional Hindu thought) but to the stages in life and aspects of maturity. Every 8 years or so does the body and mind change so a new set of skills can be learned and the old can be improved upon or discarded. It is even said by certain biologists (this was in the early 90's) that our body reproduces its entire cellular makeup every 8-12 years- this is the same numerological significance the Greeks thought the body matured- every 8 years, making a complete human every 64 years (6+4=10 1+0= 1. 1 Represents unity, love, in the this case, new beginning). Maybe it ended at 64 because that was the average lifespan, but that is just conjecture.
I have not seen any charts that exceed 12-15 years of age unless it is for the mentally ill, but behavioral psychologists have mapped out a set of physical, mental and emotional signs of progress for child therapists, teachers and pediatricians. If memory serves me, at birth you are nothing but a ball of cute, chubby and new to the world. You are interested and play with EVERYTHING. At around 2 you begin to become a little bit more independent, crawling and even talking. At 5 you are starting to become social, going to school, making friends, etc. You are on your first steps to individuality. At 8 you discover deeper aspects of yourself, like whether you like Transformers or Justice League better, white or black chocolate milk, etc. You are a 'big boy' or 'big girl' now (this also starts around 5). At 12-15 you begin to have sexual and emotional feelings, causing insecurity, frustration, confusion, or a popularity streak. At 18 it seems you would begin the process over ad infinitum until your body no longer is valuable on this planet.
In martial arts you cannot get your black belt until you are at least 16. This is do to muscular, mental and emotional maturity. In martial arts you are expected to treat your fellow students with the utmost respect, even if you they hit you harder than you though possible, because that is what a traditional martial arts hall is all about- practical defense and offense not pretty movements and fancy clothing. If you are not mature enough to take a solid hit and hit back with no attachment to emotion you do not need to be in the training space. Not only does your mind have to be strong not to quite over some pain, but the body has to be strong enough to endure the tough training. A lot of schools allow young children to become black belts for money, the child's confidence, or what have you, but these children cannot use their skills against a matured adult- whether or not they are trained. The children's bodies are still growing thus it is not strong enough to develop, let alone use, true martial power. Most modern martial arts schools also mainly concentrate of ethics, morals and forms, which is fine, but there is no solid foundation or initiation for the students in practical application.
The Chinese teach principles per level, thus you are gaining not only martial skill but know what is happening to your body and why- not just punching, kicking and yelling in different directions. One of the main principles the Chinese masters teach is the awareness and harmonization of the Three Treasures of Jing, Qi and Shen, or life essence, breath essence and mind essence, respectively. Each principle takes 7-10 years to master so it is very much an initiative process (and was meant to be so- the Wudang and Shaolin masters, and a few others, still use ritual to induct new members, especially close disciples. The initiation passes a form of intuitive knowing to the student so they are better assimilated to their Sifu (master) and can learn quicker and more proficiently because of their initiation). At the level of Jing you strengthen the body through calisthenics, weight lifting, Iron Body, fighting, etc. At the level of QI you learn to flow, to feel, expand your awareness and hit with internal power, disrupting organs and energetic alignment. At Shen level you take it to the priestly/mystic level- you are said to have the ability to use vocalizations to fell an enemy, a touch to kill (dim mak, kyoshu- pressure point fighting), etc. Each level also expects you can uphold the laws of society and stick up for those that cannot do it for themselves. Many traditional styles had you take an oath before the teacher accepted you- you had to be of the highest moral character before you learned these deadly skills. There are even stories of masters that quit teaching because they had to use their skills on the unlucky, or taught a student who used the skill. Kanbun Uechi is a great example, founder of Uechi-Ryu (Style of Uechi [family name]).
TO KNOW- Know yourself and what you are getting into. Study and contemplate. 'Know Thyself' was inscribed at the entrance to a temple dedicated to Apollo as a warning through initiation- if you are not aware nor in somewhat control over your wants, needs, fears and strengths, the path of initiation may very well destroy you. In Pythagorus' Order you were not allowed to speak for the first 6 years, only study and apply what you studied- all to get to know yourself on this deepest level possible, and this fits in perfectly with the last of the Four Powers.
TO WILL- By knowing yourself, strengths and limits you have more freedom to will, or place desire in the ether or within yourself to change accordingly. Will is building up the desire to take the first step. This is the launching of desire, in the case of initiation, you are beginning to take better control over yourself and environment. WIthout will, what is the point of a warrior or magical path? Each has a desire and this desire is for survival and wisdom.
TO DARE- Push your limits. You cannot transform or transmute yourself alchemically if you are too afraid to look within or take a step outside of your comfort zone. Dare to do something that just may change your life and habits. Dare to destroy your very being for the sake of your Initiation.
TO KEEP SILENT- When you know yourself, will yourself to continue down the winding path and dare to transform yourself and outer world, there is not much left to do but to contemplate on your achievements. To Know and to Keep Silent are in reality almost identical, the difference being, before you only knew yourself and now you know yourself as an emanation or child of the divine, or an applied scholar of the mysterious realities that await us in dream time, meditation and after physical decay. Another, more traditional, aspect is to not talk of your involvement in the Occult and Forbidden arts and especially not about any ritual or spell workings, as this is said to take away from the efficacy of the spell of ritual, and you you could get prosecuted and killed like during the Inquisition.
An aspect of initiation I want to touch upon before I am done is solitary initiation. There are many out there who cannot find a local occult current or chapter nor can they afford it, or they simply do not want to be restricted within Order walls and guidelines. How is initiation thus achieved without the Knighting by another adept? It's an act of intuition and trust in your knowledge and application thereof. This type of initiation is usually not valid within occult orders because they have their own rituals and dogmas to be strictly adhered to, but being that it is a solitary initiation and for those truly individual practitioners, that is not a problem. This type of solitary practice is not by the choice of, "I am going to initiate myself into the Mysteries, so it is done!" it is more of a gradual process, ups and downs, doubts, courage and daring that keeps you going. The principles of the Four Powers of the Sphinx are good to take with you on your journey through self-initiation. There are many books written to help the self-initiate such as Frater UD's two volume sets of High Magic: Theory and Practice, Anton Channing's Kaos Heiroglyphica, Michael Kelly's Apophis and Aegishjalmr, and handfuls of others from Golden Traditions to Sinister Traditions if you know where to look. But there is so little you can pick up from a book, there needs to also be a lot of self-exploration and intuitive nudges of techniques and theories aside from your training manuals. Self-initiation is more about intuitive guidance, or teachings from a Patron or Servitor of Initiation. Initiation is a natural process as you have seen, it is only taken down to the bare essentials with magical tricks in the occult orders. Lying down, staring at the stars, letting the Full Moons light engulf you with a sincere prayer to Hecate, or any other moon deity, is a form of initiation in itself as long as you let the dark energies, or Goddess' Grace, consume and transform you. When you feel a call, a deep resounding call and various odd sensations pulling you to do a rite of devotion or powerful act of magic, even if it is outside of ritual design and simple, yet you know it will be a transformative process, or becomes one after the end of the rite, you have just been initiated. Just sitting under the Moon and praying is an act of devotion, but it's that call, that bump, nudge and screaming in the ears and pulling of the gut to perform a rite, and performing the rite, that leads to initiation. Why should temples, their manuals and/or clergy be the only places to be initiated into the Great Work and Mystery?
"...part of me doesn't want to believe that auto-eroticism while crushing on a doodle (sigil) could manifest a check in the mail box, but hey, it did."
the Greeks thought the body matured- every 8 years, making a complete human every 64 years (6+4=11. 1+1=2. 2 represents duality, opposites, love, in the this case, new beginnings and choice over faith).
I look forward to growing older and experiencing more of these things. I think american society tends to push us to rush our development, and to have things mastered by the age of 25-30, and I've always felt like it should take much longer.
It's interesting that some of these traditions are just beginning at an age when many people I know are getting ready to fully commit to careers, and when others are ready to retire.
I'm not sure what else I could say. Very informative, well written. I'll have to re-read this whenever I feel the urge to rush.
You're welcome, Theopholis, I am glad you enjoyed it. I find the same problem with much of society as well and why, although I am not associated, I love the philosophy and practices of Initiatory schools. I think the biggest problem is many of us have forgotten the practicality in a well formed Initiatiatory system for the sluggish and mediocre life of corporate jobs and suburban suicide, and the fear or a lazy eye toward the discipline it takes to succeed in an Initiatory lifestyle.
If we treated University life a little more like a temple, or at least incorporated body-mind integration techniques, the students could gain much more than academic degrees with an added boost of universal principles and their applications. Teaching more from an engineers stand point than a preachers- hands on experience verses book work and dissertation
From my understanding of patriarchal societies, the men probably thought the females were also unintelligent, not able to grasp the deeper meanings of the Dharma (funny thing, most women these days seem to have the best handle on matters of intuition and spirit). The female had to come back as a male the next life in order to reach Nirvana.
For a philosophy committed to seeing past illusions, it does disappoint me to see that they didn't consider social norms more of an innate obstacle to Nirvana than body structure. Though, I have heard of at least a couple of female Bodhisattvas... Tara, and Kuan Yin?
Women in the modern world might be encouraged to pursue intuition and spirit for different reasons. This was, I heard, the case with seidhr (Icelandic shamanism) that it was a practice exclusively for women because it involved a surrender of conscious control that would be considered unmanly. I would also point out that much of the "divine feminine" seems to have its roots in femininity as stereotype rather than archetype: There's normal, ordinary, understandable people who are men, and then there's the overly emotional and impossible-to-understand-or-communicate-with woman as a mysterious magical creature (rather than half the human race).
The hands on mystical, martial and magical paths have nothing to do with how spiritually and faithfully you feel and act towards your ideal of divinity and how much compassion you express (although this is a very noble path which mysticism need not have any part for its positive transformational affects on self and others), but how much knowledge you can contain, how many techniques you can perform, how many orations you can speak or yell at a moments notice.
I've been trying to organize my thoughts on this as well, the difference or relation between virtue and power. Meditation for siddhis and not for enlightenment, for example. My personal conjecture is that any process towards power that will actually grant one power... will also correct for virtue by the nature of its own process.
As it relates to everything else, my idea is that you don't need to be mature-according-to-somebody-else to be initiated, because you'd only have your interest piqued, only be satisfied by the actionable metaphysics... if you were ready, at the level you're at. But that might just be wishful thinking.
If memory serves me, at birth you are nothing but a ball of cute, chubby and new to the world. You are interested and play with EVERYTHING. At around 2 you begin to become a little bit more independent, crawling and even talking. At 5 you are starting to become social, going to school, making friends, etc. You are on your first steps to individuality. At 8 you discover deeper aspects of yourself, like whether you like Transformers or Justice League better, white or black chocolate milk, etc. You are a 'big boy' or 'big girl' now (this also starts around 5). At 12-15 you begin to have sexual and emotional feelings, causing insecurity, frustration, confusion, or a popularity streak. At 18 it seems you would begin the process over ad infinitum until your body no longer is valuable on this planet. (...) A lot of schools allow young children to become black belts for money, the child's confidence, or what have you, but these children cannot use their skills against a matured adult- whether or not they are trained. The children's bodies are still growing thus it is not strong enough to develop, let alone use, true martial power. Most modern martial arts schools also mainly concentrate of ethics, morals and forms, which is fine, but there is no solid foundation or initiation for the students in practical application.
I does rub me wrong when anybody gets condescended to about spiritual pursuits for being too much of a whippersnapper, although I must admit that nobody springs from the womb with the mechanical mastery of thought and speech. I would expect to converse with a twelve-year-old about spiritual philosophy with the same mutual respect as with an octogenarian, so when I hear anything along the lines of, "ugh, another wannabe occultist fourteen-year-old" then I snap to their defense.
It's only my personal principles that keep me doing that, because the pubescent in question has always, without exception, sunken to my opponent's low expectations. It's very very strange, because I wasn't like that at fourteen, none of my friends were like that at fourteen, and if (gods willing) I would found an initiatory order? Ageism would be the first prejudice to break down. Experience tells me that will bite me in the ass for sure, but I refuse to believe that I was ever precocious.
Well said. I think another word for self-initiation is "awakening". I do enjoy the shape of communities of self-initiates which seems to have this air of benevolent anarchy.
Kuan Yin is the feminized form of Avolkiteshvara (or Chenrizig) the Thousand Armed Buddha of Compassion. Tara is originally Hindu, and they started as a matriarchal, or at least more balanced, perspective of the cosmos and the Buddhists took her to in to balance the masculine/feminine poles. In certain TIbetan temples they chant Om Mani Padme Hum in the morning (for Avolakiteshvara) and Om Tare Tuttare Ture Swaha at night for Tara. There are other reason Tara was added into the mix, but I forget. I also find it a bit depressing that one of my favorite psycho-spiritual paths was so patriarchal and close minded- thankfully they evolved past that bigotry, at least so far as I can tell.
I have read about the seidhr aspect as well. It was Odin who was the first male to learn seidhr from Freyja, and it was Odin who taught Freyja galdr (runic magical chant) because seidhr was such a wonderful gift to Odin given by the Vanir Princess (Queen?). The Norse spiritual path seems to be quite balanced. I read somewhere that the male warriors and priests were said to embody a female spirit, and the female warriors were said to embody a male spirit- a very different view than what I am not used to, but it is nice to see an ancient culture, especially so close to Europe, where the woman are seen as at least equal to the men. Egypt was another matriarchal society, that's why you see so many glyphs with the men wearing long haired head dresses. Egyptians understood woman not as creatures to be feared but as highly intuitive and spiritually connected individuals- I watched that a while back on a documentary, but it makes me wonder because all the Pharoahs were men, except two that I can recall, Nefrititi and Cleopatra- that doesn't sound very matriarchal to me, but after Egyptian religion was dogmatized into monotheism, I guess the natural course is masculine chauvinism and genitalia measuring- or our history books just decided to leave out all the strong women Pharoahs.
That's what I believe as well with the Siddhis, PK, etc. I think they are not only natural but should be sought after, harnessed and strengthened for the potential of human evolution. They are not spiritual merit badges but aspects of the human self that we have forgotten and forsaken and we need to reclaim these gifts, at least in my opinion. To gain Siddhis takes tremendous discipline and awareness of the subtle changes within and without, this for sure must be correct any subtle and gross imbalances of the seeker.
This is why I mention the ups and downs, doubts and other obstacles, and a strong intuitive nudge you just can't ignore, before you initiate yourself. I think initiation occurs naturally, some of us are just more in tune with the process than others, some of us are blinded and some need a mentor to gain any tangible and evolutionary results. I think it all hangs on your personality and trust in your own abilities and accomplishments. There doesn't have to be a ritual, but sometimes that added flare is nice to set a mood.
It's not so much age but physical and mental maturity. I have met some young martial arts students that have beautiful form, good power and perfect aerial attacks, between 10-12 years old, where most young students don't have the mental discipline to push their bodies to get to such a well formulated state of martial ability. They still may not be able to hurt a bigger person, but when it comes to kids around their age (give or take a couple years) they would do fine in a confrontation. Fighting is not the be-all-and-end-all of martial arts, but it is a skill needed to understand the deeper fundamentals of the arts.
Some children are also just smarter than many adults naturally, at least in my opinion. When parents fight, when there is war, when people are in pain, when animals die, when someone is being mean to some one else, etc, many children (omit the bullies) also ask this simple question, or have it in their little brains... '"Why?" They may not be able to do anything nor understand what is happening, but they know deep down inside what is wrong and right but are taught by society that it is normal people suffer, are mean, animals die and are killed with no second thought, etc. Imagine a world where children were able to stay those vibrate, imaginative, intuitive and loving beings? I just might believe in a mighty loving creator and devout my life to spreading that perception, but children are turned into numb minded adults unless they rebel and become outcasts for a short while until they find the right community where they can freely express themselves. I think a lot of initiatory schools are trying to get us back to that level of freedom, play and compassion.
1. Is there any difference between an anahata chakra and a middle dan tien, and an ajna chakra and an upper dan tien? I know they are in similar areas but i don't know if they are the same thing or not.
"Like, how do you summon 1.4 significant members? Simple, 1 significant member, followed by a certain number of random occurences of Arck."
The middle dan ti'en and anahata are definitely similar in a spiritual sense, in that they both represent a balance of emotions and living from compassion, but are also different in that they come from different cultures, even if the Shaolin were heavily influenced by the Yogis. In a martial arts sense, the middle dan ti'en is where you develop 'light air kung fu' which is the ability to make yourself light for jumping high and/or long distances, flying kicks and balance, such as Lotus Pole training (the elevated poles you see in kung fu movies), and pushing people great distances with minimal effort.
Kundlini is similar to activating the three dan ti'ens from Jing to Qi to Shen, which is a lifelong and laborious process. In a martial arts sense, although it is not the same in a mystical sense, is the idea of 'whipping spine' where you use the articulating power of the spine from the tail bone to your shoulder blades (approximately) to emit a powerful but concentrated strike (fa jin) with minimum effort and maximum force.
They are similar only in theory and location. In traditional practice, they are all completely different things doing completely different jobs. I'm short on time right now, but shortly put:
The dantians are not the chakras, even just in theory. Thinking they are the same because they are in similar locations is like saying the lungs are the same as the heart. It's wrong.
Jing is not kundalini, and neither is it the martial Jin. There is no direct kundalini equivalent, because most traditions of Qigong don't directly mess with kundalini like kundalini yoga does.
Oh, and as a practitioner of Qing Gong, it's the Lower Dantian that's most important there. Core, center of gravity. All that jazz. Unless you're talking about a system of lightness development that I've never heard of, Mind_Bender.
"There is no such thing as Impossible, it's merely a matter of understanding the mechanisms by which the Will can be made manifest into an objective reality." -- The Wise.
It's not because they are just in similar locations but because they have similar traits. For example, the Lower Dan Ti'en is the place of great power in Qi Gong theory. It is where we settle the mind and gather and emit power from, similar to:
"...The pure knowledge given by this (Svadisthana) chakra is not mental, but it is direct perception of the Reality, that can be felt in our palms and indicates our subtle blockages. Also this is the center of pure, steady attention and power of concentration." (http://www.adishakti.org/subtle_system/swadhisthan_chakra.htm#sthash.0DEmbx1K.dpuf)
I did get the Dan Ti'en wrong of where Light Air Kung Fu stems from, not the Middle, but the Higher. Makes sense, though, considering it is sort of a Shen Gong exercise. Concentrate the Qi low the Qi grounds, concentrate the Qi high the Qi rises... It is mentioned (very, very) briefly in this video:
Wushu (Baguazhang): Jerry Alan Johnson - The Eight Animal School of Pa Kua Chang video on YouTube at about 18:38.
Neither. If you obsess over the destination, then you miss the point of the journey. If you chase something external, then you will never find it.
The Chakras are also in correspondence to certain glands, and other things. Correspondence does not mean they are the same, it simply means they have similar qualities and purposes.
Besides that, they also have different jobs. You cannot cultivate Qi into the Svadisthana the way you can the Lower Dantian. If you try, you're going to cause a lot of problems. They are also in different physical locations. Svadisthana is located in the spine, as all of the chakras are located in and along the spine. The Lower Dantian actually encompasses the entire lower abdomen region, with a "core" point that is located at the physical center of gravity. And that is the important bit. The dantians are not in the same place for everyone; their location depends on body structure and individual anatomy, and this is most especially true for the Lower Dantian. It can be lower or higher, more forward or more backward, and all kinds of things, depending on your sex and height and even your weight. The chakras, in comparison, are generally in the same places along the spine - specific nerve clusters that activate by stimulation from Shakti.
One main thing that does connect them is Chong Mai though, the Thrusting Vessel, which extends from Huiyin (where Shakti lives and Muladhara awakens) to Baihui (where Sahaswara blossoms) and runs along all seven chakras and all three dantians. But that says that Chong Mai is bigger than most people think and is more important than most people think, not that the dantians and the chakras are the same.
I don't think I have ever seen Qing Gong referred to as a Shen Gong exercise before this. I do not practice it that way, and none of the people I know to also train Lightness practice it that way.
I exercise Qing Gong as an application of Liu He. Yi, Xin, Qi, and Li move together as one unit. Because of this, I can circulate the Qi in my Dantian to strengthen my body in certain places, and focus my Yi and Qi to help me control my body in certain ways. This is why the lower dantian is most important to my practice - not just because it is the Qi center, but also because it is the physical center of gravity.
Specifically, I was taught that "all movement should come from the Dantian." Meaning that when I move (especially when consciously practicing), the movement is initiated in my core and spreads out from there. Doing this, I have a great deal of control over balance and lightness. Even in mid air, if I am falling wrong, I can move from my dantian and control my fall any way I like. This has given me a great deal of freedom to do all kinds of movements, such that even most Parkour (which is an excellent way to exercise Lightness) is almost too easy. Especially when combined with the Flow principle I learned from practicing Parkour, and a few other things.
Of course, having done a lot of odd things with Shen Gong, I have no doubt that Lightness can be achieved that way. The Lightness of Bardon's Air Accumulation can probably be considered that kind of practice too, if you look at it a certain way. But it's probably a lot easier to learn physical movement arts by learning correct physical movements, and maybe using Shen Gong to enhance that. Qing Gong as a Shen Gong practice alone would take a lot of time and work to achieve.
The point of the journey is the destination. I am "chasing something inside", it's a journey toward my core which is GOD. I wanted to know which one of this path you like most. I know that it's subjective to every person but still... i wanted to know.
@Lukerrr1: My path to the Divine is when I feel in touch with the Divine. Otherwise, my practices are to enhance my life in the here and now and pave way for a brighter and happier future for myself and others. I practice Qigong to enhance my health and because I simply enjoy it - whether or not I feel connected before, during, or after practice is up to the Divine and not by the boon of the practice itself.
@Shinichi: Very good points. I honestly do not know enough about Yoga nor Kundalini to give any more insight, so for now, I'll take your word for it until I may feel like studying more - I am all about the connections between all paths and see similarities in not so obvious ways, but that does not mean I am always correct in my perceptions.
To help you navigate through the labyrinth, three buttons on the upper-right hand corner are available to assist you. Clicking on Set Telepoint allows you to set the current room you're in as your destination that you would return to if you click on Go to Teleport. Clicking on Go back to start. takes you back to the beginning of the labyrinth if you want to replenish your HP and MP. Remember that if you set your telepoint again, it overwrites the previously set telepoint so be mindful. Otherwise, you'll easily get lost.
The Go back to start. button disappears if you're in the starting room as there is no need to use it once you're there.
Stepping on the triangular-shaped stone border triggers a booby trap that severely subtracts a portion of your HP. It won't be triggered again until you return to one of the rooms it is in.
and all game character names are either trademarks or registered trademarks of Artix Entertainment, LLC. All rights are reserved.
Igalapedia Project © All rights reserved. Owned by Abdul M. Y. Powered By WordPress. Designed and manage by : Yabco Information Technologies Limited
wall mounted faucet kitchen wall mounted flexible rotate mixer tap faucet bathroom basin kitchen sink spray spout vintage wall mount kitchen sink faucet.
how to fix a leaking wall mounted kitchen faucet modern mount farm sink incredible affordable cold water single hole,classic single handle two holes wall mounted kitchen faucet with soap dish leaking,wall mount kitchen sink faucet with spray mounted design canada repair,wall mounted kitchen faucet leaking mount sink with spray sprayer awesome faucets within 8,how to fix a leaking wall mounted kitchen faucet mount sink delta laundry room contemporary with,kitchen interesting wall mount faucet with sprayer how to fix a leaking mounted sink,sink faucet design white wall mounted wallpaper rocky kitchen repair modern mount,wall mounted kitchen faucet modern mount farm sink delta,delta wall mount kitchen sink faucet mounted modern with sprayer,wall mounted kitchen faucet repair mount farm sink single handle eagle group with 4 centers and 5.
offers collaborative professional training to develop the professional performance of individuals and organizations ...
Welcome to Discover Handmade January 10 Hello, my handmade friends, it’s January 10 and Discover Handmade is proud to share the following items: a Mosaic Polymer Clay Tile with Butterflies, a Carnelian Pendant/Necklace, a Crochet Pouch for Keepsakes, and a personalized Frog Ornament. Shall we have a closer look at these fabulous products…. Blue and […]
Do you ever get a bit of a pang of regret when one of your pieces sells? If so, you have a kindred spirit with Kim of The Whimsical Jar! Kim spent her career as a Technology Coordinator for an Arkansas school district, raising children and caring for elderly parents; but has recently retired for […]
Cappuccinos Are On Me A Polymer Clay Key-chain Tutorial By Beverley Start August 2013 Here’s a fun and easy polymer clay picture tutorial for clayers at all levels of expertise. I handmade this tiny mug filled with frothy cappuccino and wanted to share. OK so the colors of clay you will need are white for […]
It’s time to Discover Handmade Good morning everyone and thank you for joining me today for another fabulous Discover Handmade. Are you looking for Glass Heart Charms or a Hand sculpted Polymer Clay Vase? Oh….you need a Magic Potion Kit for your grandmother?… Hmmmm! Can’t find the right Lampwork bead to fit your Pandora bracelet? […]
How does inspiration come to you? Poet Ruth Stone relayed this to Writer Elizabeth Gilbert As [Stone] was growing up in rural Virginia, she would be out, working in the fields and she would feel and hear a poem coming at her from over the landscape. It was like a thunderous train of air and […]
“It is never nuts to do something you love. But that is what it has to be. If you are doing it for the money, then there is no passion in it and will reflect in your products.” Wise words from a talented crafter with a passion for handmade and buy local! In addition to […]
Today is the day to celebrate those wonderful, tux wearing, flightless birds that thrive in the coldest of climates. Like something out of a children’s book, these wonderful birds are amazing to see. In celebration of these unique creatures, and World Penguin Day, I present to you some amazing works of art celebrating penguins! Penguin […]
Polymer clay covered plate by Beverley Start Got any old dishes or containers lying around? Well if you’re interested in re-purposing then it might be worth your while to pick up some polymer clay and keep reading. Just about any item can be re-purposed and beautifully transformed by giving it a creatively fresh layer of […]
Handmade Polymer Clay Pumpkin Tutorial by Beverley Start October 2012 I handmade these adorable polymer clay pumpkins today and really loved how they turned out so I thought I’d share the process with a tutorial. 1.Take equal parts of gold, yellow, and red and mix them together leaving them a bit streaky to create a […]
By Beverley Start August 2012 Polymer clay’s sculpt-ability and low curing temperatures make it ideal for a wide variety of craft and art projects. Many people talk about giving polymer clay a try but if you’re still on the fence here’s a whole laundry list of reasons to climb down and just Go For It! […]
"Give a man a fish,you feed him for the day,teach a man how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime."-Provérbio chinês.
Comes complete with 4-point safety harness, RapidClimb Stirrups, and all necessary pads, hardware, ropes, and straps
The Razor provides all of the clearance of an open front stand with the climbing ease of a sit and stand climber. The unique folding bar allows you to sit and climb to your preferred hunting elevation and then fold it out of the way while you hunt. The comfortable padded seat is easily removed or adjusted. Stand weighs 21 pounds. 300 pound weight limit.
The Razor SD Climbing Treestand from Summit Treestands offers a wide open front for bow hunting with the flexible design of a sit and stand climber. The unique folding bar allows you to sit and climb to your preferred hunting elevation and then fold the bar out of the way while you hunt. The comfortable padded seat is easy to remove or adjust when you wish to stand. Weighing in at 21 pounds with a 300 pound weight limit, the Razor SD is a good choice for hunters who like to pack deep into the woods. Built for maximum concealment, the Razor features sound deadening (SD) technology to minimize startling noises in the field.
The Razor HD Climbing Treestand comes complete with a 4-point safety harness, RapidClimb Stirrups, and all necessary pads, hardware, ropes and straps. Built to last, the Razor HD is covered by Summit's Five Year Limited Warranty.
Every little bit of noise reduction goes a long way in keeping you concealed. Summit's Dead Metal sound deadening technology works by filling in critical parts of the platform with a custom engineered expanding foam to reduce unintentional noises caused by movement on the platform.
Environmental scientist and dancer by training, Benjamin Sunarjo’s work revolves around the idea of creating a geomorphology of the body: the spiritual and physical body at the intersection to nature, part of, yet distinct from it. He has shown his work at various venues and festivals in Switzerland and the UK and has performed for Fred Gehrig, Rachel Lopez, Simone Forti, Tina Mantel, and Andrea Boll, among others. He is currently completing a MA at Bern University of the Arts.
She lives in a circuswagon up on the appenzeller hills next to a sparkling, fresh spring water well.
Is a Community Dance artist, improviser, performer, dancer. She is interested in the meeting point between the sensuality of the body and the asphalt, between the meditative timelessness of the elements and the fast pace of the city. She likes to create reminders of bodilyness and sensuality, letting herself being moved by the elements.
Mara has been involved in different Community Dance projects in Brazil and the United Kingdom. She is part of the Contact Improvisation community and research centre Living Arts Base, where she teaches and organizes workshops around improvisation, dancing in nature and social change.
Born in this Watercatell called Helvetia in the silence of the alps. I danced through all the continents alway on the search of a harmonious way of living as a human being on this planet and with all its habitants. Conecting Permaculture, Contact Improvisation and Collective Experience slowly Im finding my way back to nature and to my beautiful home called body
The Limmat commences at the outfall of Lake Zurich and flows in a northwesterly direction, after 35 km reaching the river Aare. Historically, the Limmat was an important navigation route.
Despite it’s small size, Switzerland holds about 5% of Europe’s water reserves. 100% of the Swiss population enjoys secured access to clean drinking water. In average, a swiss citizen uses about 162 liters of water per day, not counting the water that is needed to produce the goods we consume. In very little countries worldwide clean water is such an abundant ressource as in Switzerland. With our dance we would like to draw attention to this privilege, inviting people to value and protect this treasure.
four human bodies, one body of water. A meeting between the body and the elements; water, wood, stone. Sensuality, natural beauty meeting the asphalt of the city. A timeless moment of celebrating life on earth.
Throughout the Site, we may provide links and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. Our linking to such third-party sites does not imply an endorsement or sponsorship of such sites, or the information, products or services offered on or through the sites. In addition, neither we nor affiliates operate or control in any respect any information, products or services that third parties may provide on or through the Site or on websites linked to by us on the Site. If applicable, any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, are those of the respective authors or distributors, and not COMPANY. Neither COMPANY nor any third-party provider of information guarantees the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of any content.
Furthermore, COMPANY neither endorses nor is responsible for the accuracy and reliability of any opinion, advice, or statement made on any portion of the Site by anyone other than an authorized COMPANY representative while acting in his/her official capacity.
You agree at all times to defend, indemnify and hold harmless COMPANY its affiliates, their successors, transferees, assignees and licensees and their respective parent and subsidiary companies, agents, associates, officers, directors, shareholders and employees of each from and against any and all claims, causes of action, damages, liabilities, costs and expenses, including legal fees and expenses, arising out of or related to your breach of any obligation, warranty, representation or covenant set forth herein.
Organizing your travelling adventure takes up time and effort, do not let your efforts to be in vain. Even the best planned travel can be ruined by unforeseeable consequences. Comprehensive travel insurance is a must when on road. If planned carefully, it will help you to deal with many problems and ensure that you are taken care of should things go wrong.
Our entire range of policies are available to Australian and New Zealand passport holders who are currently living in UK. Aussies and Kiwis Cover is for round trip journeys from UK and also for one way trips of up to 12 months duration and can be optionally extended to include Repatriation to your home country where medically necessary. The additional Repatriation cover must be included for one way trips exceeding 31 days. We have no minimum residency period but you should get yourself registered with a GP in the UK.
Keep it in your mind, once and for all, travelling with no insurance puts you at serious risk which you might not be able to handle. Forget about cutting corners and travelling without this important protection.. Plan your insurance carefully according to your needs. Seek expert help to find travel insurance that best suits your needs.
Even if you are travelling on a tight budget, insurance is not an item of expenses cut. Do not assume that you will not need it, get rid of the "it won't happen to me" assumption. Life guarantees surprises, not necessarily pleasant ones, and only insurance guarantees that you will be taken care of.
Are you are a keen thrill lover? Great, enjoy it even more knowing that there is a back up plan for you. You need insurance more than anyone, make sure you get one with comprehensive medical coverage specifically specialized on extreme sports.
Now that you are safe and covered, you might want to take care of the valuables you have on you. Those are cameras, laptops, items of personal use and pretty much everything so dear to your heart. Thefts do happen. Sometimes you are too tired to be on guard, however thieves are always alert; plus your luggage might just get lost. The situations vary, save yourself a headache and be prepared to face difficulties with the gear insurance.
Mountain Bike, Sky Diving, Scuba Diving, Hiking, Skiing, Hunting, Camping, Hiking, Fishing, Canoeing, Rafting, Rowing, Snorkeling, Surfing, Surfing, Skate boarding, Rollerblading, Water skiing
Tons of information on most popular countries of the world, tourist peculiarities, interesting places worthwhile visiting, information on hostels, some law tips and much more you will find in this section.
PSC Metals, Inc. Celebrates Earth Day 2014 [Show thumbnails] Every year on the week surrounding Earth Day PSC Metals, Inc. hands out free food, drinks and prizes to the local community dropping off their scrap metal. This year Glockner Oil … Continue reading →
Posted on April 23, 2014 by Michael Kinney	| Comments Off on PSC Metals, Inc. Celebrating Earth Day 2014
Introducing Chevron PitPack™ The new PitPack™ from Chevron is an easy-dispense motor oil system that can help you manage the complexity of ever growing premium product sales and the challenge of carrying all the products that your customers demand – … Continue reading →
Danco Transmission and Auto Care of Fairfield, Ohio celebrated their grand opening last Friday, April 11th and Saturday, April 12th 2014 with a two day fundraiser to benefit Make-A-Wish. Danco’s services, as well as supplies by Glockner Oil Company, were … Continue reading →
Posted in Community News	| Comments Off on Danco Transmission and Auto Care Grand Opening to benefit Make-A-Wish
Automatic Lubricators Single-point automatic lubricators are now available from Phillips 66 Lubricants. These co-branded perma® automatic lubricators provide users with an alternative to manually greasing equipment and they can be used across a broad range of applications and industries to … Continue reading →
Service Pro is running a full page ad in National Oil and Lube News on the E-Pak program. This publication is the industry standard for installers. Contact a Glockner Oil Account Manager for more information on on the E-Pak program. … Continue reading →
So Pathfinder gets a lot of crap for being enormously complicated, but many of its spells--particularly the obscure ones--are quite good.
monsters in dungeons and dragons can feel very taxonomical, as if some fantasy Linnaeus separated the ghoul from the ghast and the wight from the specter. In practice, it's just palette-swapping. However, I like the idea of monsters that suggest an unusual and inscrutable method of specifying one kind of creature from another.
However, I also want there to be something of a blur between kinds of monsters. Monstrosity is something afflicted or achieved, it is a political category, a caste, a title. Bluebeard and Christman Genipperteinga are as much ogres as men; Elizabeth of Bathory was a woman, witch, and vampire. Monsters and witches can and should step on each other's conceptual turf, just because neither are wholly one thing.
Such a witch keeps his or her hair in a long braid, ornamented to look like a snake. A single strand of it, teased free and tied around the finger, wrist, or neck of a victim, ensures their compliance in all things; so long as the strand is still attached to her head, the witch can command it to sever the member around which it is tied. Neither distance no scissors are protection against this; a witch's hair can stretch across oceans or over mountains, and no conventional means can cut it.
Witch-hair is exceedingly fine, but a watchful witch-hunter can follow the hair from victim to owner. However, the witch can always use his or her victims as hostages no matter how far they may be, or even blackmail them into fighting their would-be rescuer.
A witch of this ilk has learned a very beautiful song that summons great swarms of mosquitoes. The witch then disperses them across the countryside to collect blood from her neighbors. When the mosquitoes return, they vomit the blood up into the witch's pots and pans, which the witch then brews into vile liqueurs. Some are fatally poisonous; others simply delicious, while the most coveted restores a measure of youth to the drinker.
A witch-hunter knows a blood-swallowing witch by their love of music, by their hidden or strangely stained pots and pans, and by the barrels they keeps but never seems to tap. Imprudent enemies of a blood-swallowing witch might find themselves exsanguinated by a storm of mosquitoes.
The most mysterious kind of witch. shadows cast by these witches have eyes, as if their owner had two holes in their head and light was streaming through. Their shadows do their bidding, rising up off the ground, gaining strength and substance. A witch's shadow crawls about unnaturally, like a person trying to walk on all fours, but runs as fast as a horse and possesses the strength of two.
These witches can only be caught by close examination of their shadow, or by their shadow's absence when they have commanded it to run off and perform some wickedness. Witches whose shadows have eyes have been known to hide their nature and rise to positions of great power and prestige.
These witches can hold their breath as long as they please. They carry heavy cudgels and live out in the mangrove swamp, where they float facedown in the waterways or thrash like a drowning swimmer so that they can bludgeon their rescuers unconscious and carry them away to a half-submerged larder. When they are not hunting, these witches sleep in the dark waters between mangrove roots, thinking black and briny thoughts and trading secrets with passing crocodiles.
Witches who live under the mangroves are betrayed by the mud in their mouth, which they can never quite spit out and which prevents them from speaking well. The eldest witches of this kind are trapped below their mangroves, transfixed by slow-growing roots over the course of their century sleep. They are easy to destroy if discovered, but their mgic is powerful and filled with venom.
A Most Thoroughly Pernicious Pamphlet has received an Honorable Mention in the distinguished 2016 Ramanan Sivaranjan Awards for Excellence in Gaming, an honor I will treasure until my dying day, and one I will clutch in my bony fist long after.
I've decided to lower the price of the Pamphlet to $2, so if you've been holding out in hopes of a lower price, your day has come. You can get it here. If Gumroad gives you any trouble, which has been known to happen, let me know in the comments of this post or over on Google+ and I'll get you a copy.
An amnesiac Castilian deserter with a talent for fighting and a real gift for lying. He still remembers that the fort he was assigned to (Castillo de San Marcos in La Florida) is threatened by a mysterious curse or god.
Sol, A mysterious maskmaker practiced in botany and superior pact-making skills. She had a hard time lying and a nearly supernatural ability to get people to tell her the truth. She was contracted by a devil to repair its mask, which was destroyed by the same entity that threatens the Castillo de San Marcos--or so the devil says.
They owed their cantankerous one-legged landlady 100 pesetas by the end of the week or she was going to sell off all their stuff, evict them, and alert the constabulary. They decided on approaching the Red Hibiscus Society for work, and were led to the bathtub-bound towering ex-bandit who led the Society: Uncle Yusuf. He told them to pick up a package from the House of Honey and Salt and deliver it to a dead drop location at the Old Royal Park.
On the way, they evaded a pack of coyotes gnawing on a body in the abandoned urban areas around the Souk, and tripped over the body of a (extremely stabbed) courier. The letter clutched in his hand was addressed to Frederico Buendía, the owner of the biggest distillery in Cuba, warning him that the infamous pirate Sayyida al Hurra had stolen a major molasses shipment, which would cost him an enormous sum of money and drive up the price of rum catastrophically.
Bearing this in mind, they pick up the package from the Saints. It's pretty disturbing--they are told not to open the package, get it wet, breath heavily around it, or spend much time touching it. Sol asks for an extra blanket to wrap around it, and pretends she's carrying a child. On the way out, she notices it's a bit warmer than body temperature and might even be moving subtly.
On the way to Old Royal Park, they notice a man with a hat pulled low over his face following them. They set up an ambush and successfully capture him, forcing him to reveal he works for a rival gang (the Ivory Palm Guild). The Deserter knocks him out, and they steal his machete, a flask filled with a floral-smelling liquid, and a brick wrapped in paper--possibly a decoy for the package they are trying to deliver.
They reach the Park without complication, hide the package, and successfully flee a group of Ivory Palm Guildsmen, including a limping figure clutching his head. However, while running away they stumble into two sorcerers who manage to catch up with them, helped by a dimly seen creature that blinds the Deserter. It's a man and a woman--Rosa and Rodrigo--who Sol guesses correctly work for the Klatch. They were trying to prevent the Saint's package from being delivered to the Red Hibiscus Society, but now that it already has been, they want Sol and the Deserter to figure out where it is being kept. They agreed, realizing the Saints and Society were probably up to no good and also recognizing that Rosa was probably going to shoot them otherwise.
They return to the Red Hibiscus Society's headquarters and receive their reward from Uncle Yusuf, with a small bonus for fending off the Ivory Palm Guild. Then they alerted Frederico about the impending rum-market disaster. He gave them a small award and agreed to let Sol and the Deserter join his expedition to get the molasses back (the Deserter lied about his Navy experience, and since Frederico thought he possessed "the steady gaze of an honest man", he let them join). It would leave in a few days.
The next day, the party, wanting more money so they could outfit themselves for their coming adventure, asked for more work at the R.H.S. They were told to deliver a sealed cask to the bastard Castilians, but on the way a mysterious, ragged man named Jorge asked if he could poison the cask, with the promise that it would only "cause digestive distress" and that his days as a smuggler would let him tamper with the seal without chance of discovery. They were very hesitant, but as Jorge enjoyed a cigarette they decided to let Jorge do it if he and his "many friends in lofty office" agreed to search for the R.H.S.'s hidden and guarded package. Jorge poisoned the cask, and the bastard Castilians took it without even looking Sol and the Deserter.
Flush with cash, they went the Souk and bought themselves a rusted breastplate and a suit of tattered leathers for armor. Sol purchased some sacrifices so she could form a contract with one of the Souk's Mercenary Gods, and settled on The Beast Among The Lilies, a jaguar-spirit that could strengthen the Deserter or fight on its own.
Vornheim remains the most useful rpg book I own. I went into that session with my blogposts on New Barbary and the following prep. Everything else I scribbled in during breaks or generated/rolled up from Vornheim.
This WaRP hack is going very well. The Klatch sorcerer that blinded the Deserter was just "Rodrigo: spirit of darkness 3D, 10 HP" and he did everything he needed to do.
D&D has a lot of granularity and mechanics I don't really use because of the types of games I tend to run. If I were to run San Serafin has a hard dungeon crawl, I would definitely use D&D, but WaRP seems to work quite well for what I want to run right now.
San Serafin is still a location and the players actually laughed out loud when I said they could go there to look for treasure.
It occurs to me that jinetero is a perfect term for adventurers, even if it doesn't perfectly match the real-life contemporary definition. Anyway, here's the lowdown on some of the player-adjacent factions in La Habana.
A social club/trading consortium/gang based in La Habana. Their affinity for bypassing the Emir's taxmen has made them natural allies of the Castilians of La Florida.
The chief of the Red Hibiscus Society is Yusuf, a colossal ex-bandit who has given up direct robbery for the relative ease and comfort of running a medium-sized crime syndicate. He always smells of violet water, and is rarely seen outside of his bath--he's had a porcelain clawfoot tub installed in the Red Hibiscus Society Hall where he conducts most of his business so he doesn't have to get out even as he works.
The Society regularly employs vagrants, vagabonds, and soldiers-of-fortune to carry out its interests, both legitimate and illegitimate, with at least one layer of plausible deniability.
Deliver a sealed cask to the bar next to the Castilian embassy by the Docks. Expect trouble on the way, and do not open the barrel.
Retrieve a package from the House of Honey and Salt, and deliver it at a dead drop location at the Royal Park. Wash your hands thoroughly with hot soap and water afterwards, do not breathe heavily around the package, and do not get it wet.
Yusuf's step-daughter is attending the Emir's birthday and he suspects some pencil-necked egghead at the College is going to ask her to attend it with him. Explain to him why this is not a viable decision, but don't do anything worse than breaking his knees.
That bastard Admiral is holding out on Yusuf--the Castilian has, through various semilegal channgel, acquired Gran Morado, violet water made from the purest and most fragrant violets, said to restore vigor lost to age, bring good luck, grow your hair back, whiten your teeth, dispel melancholy, etc etc, but now he won't sell it to Yusuf as promised. Help the Society seize some La Florida-bound shipments of fine liquor to help the Admiral see reason.
A religious order of sybaritic assassin-surgeons who operate out of hospital-brothel-temple-laboratories called Houses of Honey and Salt. They're the best doctors in town, but also the best murderers-for-hire, so everybody needs them and nobody trusts them. Their influence is mostly a network of debt and favors--if you don't owe something to the Saints, you owe something to someone who does. Everyone agrees they are Up To Something, but nobody really knows what it is.
The Saints need a jaguar for their experiments. Definitely healthy and whole, preferably alive, but with a minimum of injuries if that isn't possible.
One of the Saints makes weekly rounds in Old Habana, giving free care to the sick. An upstart guild of sawbones have begun to threaten her and interfere with her work--guard her this upcoming Sunday.
A deliriously ill patient undergoing an experimental treatment has broken out of the House of Honey and Salt. Find them before the metamorphosis completes their illness gets the best of them.
There was a pirate raid out east two days ago, and the Saints are expecting an influx of patients. Secure an emergency shipment of bandages and laudanum from the Castilians--and you don't have to be friends with them afterwards.
A loose society of brujas, brujos, shamans, sorcerers, exorcists, theologians, and philosophers who frequent La Habana's coffee houses and salons and who maintain correspondence with practitioners across New Barbary. They tacitly and informally police the supernatural community (such as it is) of La Habana, ensuring that devils, the dead, and hostile gods cannot hunt unchecked by more mundane authorities.
The La Habana chapter of the Klatch believes a devil has taken up residence in the city. A reward of 50 pesetas to anyone who brings information leading to its banishment.
The Emir's favorite dancer has been possessed by a malicious spirit, and it's taking most of her caretakers' efforts just to keep it under control. Take a trip out to the Hungry Grandmother's shrine and ask her for a purgative.
An ambitious young thief has found a a djinni (again). His first wish was for a king's fortune and his second was for 100 wives. Since you can surely imagine how well that's going, get that brass ring off of his finger before he causes another international incident.
The New Barbary Trading Company of Castile wants to build a warehouse and offices on what the Klatch believes to be the tomb of Blood Dews Upon The Lilies, a sainted ancestor liable to wake up again if disturbed. They aren't listening to a bunch of witches, but perhaps you can find a way to be more persuasive?
Almost any merchant in the Souk will part with goods or services in return for a favor. You can buy most things there, but here are a few of the odder services you can get:
a nice hot meal. 10 pesetas. A hot meal and a rest fully heals your HP, though you might have lingering injuries, depending.
ingredients. 5 pesetas. If you have the skills, you can cook a hot meal without paying a premium for it, and you can do it out in the jungle or bush if you bring the right equipment.
snack. If you take 10 and eat a snack, you recover 1d6 HP. You can only do this 1/day OR 1/genuine hazard faced.
emperor ghost spider. The most reliable form of transportation in New Barbary, these colossal spider spirits are bound and trained to carry passengers and cargo. Their castle-sized carapaces are hollowed out: the abdomen holds lodging and cargo storage, while their handlers work in the thorax and head, where the blood of their animal sacrifices propagates through channels carved into the spider's chitin, and where the handler's soothing prayers can more easily heard. The largest emperor ghost spiders can traverse across the shallower parts of the Caribbean, their legs long enough to reach the sea floor.
magot porter. New Barbary macaques are big enough to stare a draft horse in the eyes without getting off all fours. They aren't particularly fast, but they are strong enough to carry a person and all of their gear, and can traverse dense jungle and mountainous terrain. Overall reliable, handy, and peaceable, but if you do manage to anger or spook them they can pull your arms off without trying very hard.
sedan chair. Mostly used in the city of Otra Tétuan. They have a faintly sinister reputation, since devils and the dead can use them to travel unseen, and powerful brujas will travel on sedan chairs carried by zombis. The spouses of Dead Ixe are infamous for being carried by their husband's mummified servants. Normally, though, it's old money, D-list royalty, and regular joes willing to pay a little extra for some swift and discrete transportation.
cars. rare, expensive, loud, smelly. They drive spirits crazy, and most cars require apotropaics from front bumper to back just to keep ambient divine rage from shutting it down. Beloved by the nouveau riche and Flowerland industrialists. They can be rented.
Hooligans, desperados, and ne'er-do-wells will work for 15 pesetas a day, and might try to squeeze danger pay out of you if they think they can get it.
Minor ghosts and spirits will work for 50 pesetas in sacrifices a day, though they are more erratic than the living and might demand further favors.
Godlings, loas, orishas, and the like don't really have a pay rate--you have to negotiate on a case by case basis, and you usually have to find a medium in good standing with the entity to want to call on first.
Been wanting to run a little like Morrowind, a little like Tekumel, a little like Tartary. Magical realist Latin America if the Reconquista failed and some enterprising Berber made that fateful trip to what would become Hispaniola instead of Columbus. Think City of Saints and Madmen, Deathless, Dictionary of the Khazars, the Etched City, One Hundred Years of Solitude, House of the Spirits, Ficciones, Trickster's Choice, Mononoke, and Wide Sargasso Sea.
Because I am fascinated by but incapable of novelty, I am stealing Richard's Countercolonial Heist Crawl rules, and applying a few changes to soothe my trad gamer anxieties.
The game starts here. The dastardly Castilians of La Florida have parked a flotilla of the coast, ostensibly to await the Emir of La Habana's response to their treaty proposal but in actuality to violently extract concessions should he refuse. This has proven to be quite a kick to the anthill--the surrounding loose confederacy of caciques, sheikhs, bandits chiefs, and pirate captains who technically owe fealty to the emir are all scrambling to pick sides and ensure they come out on top once the dust settles.
The biggest city in New Barbary, located near the real-life Panama City. Ruled by a cartel of traders and pirates, this is the metropolis where you can buy any good, purchase any service, or find any piece of information you might need.
Lands in Western Cuba held by Ohache, the despicable Dead Man famous for the blood he demands from his tenants, servants, and slaves.
Pick a Skill, like sailing, melee combat, metalworking, marksmanship, sorcery, charm, or pickpocketing. When you attempt a task that draws on your proficiency of this skill, roll 3D+ability score modifier.
When you attempt to perform a task that does not comfortably fit any trait, roll 1D+ability score modifier.
If all dice in a roll come up 6, you can roll again and add the new result to your initial roll. Keep on doing this every time you get all 6s.
You can use your Wonder like any other trait (so if you are Cursed to Die Unscrivened Upon the Banks of the Bosporus, you can roll it to withstand any other form of impending death). The Referee may occasionally ask you to make a check with your Wonder to see if it comes into play in a certain situation.
We are using Richard's collective action rules. This is mostly important for caciques, sheikhs, captains, chiefs, etc because when your posse is confronting another, you'll be using this mechanic. This will be handy for brujas and sorcerers, since spirits count as helpers and magical warfare largely relies on how many ghost friends you have made.
Magic is subtle and specific. Most standard-issue D&D spellcasting, like creating light, throwing fire, or raising the dead is the preserve of spirits and demigods--ignoble humans like PCs might be knowledgeable in the supernatural (what repels types of undead, rituals to prevent a corpse from being raised as a zombi). If they're very talented, they might be able to change the direction of the wind, give someone nightmares, or bless a couple with fertility. Otherwise, they have to bind or form pacts with spirits, find places of power, or work in concert with many other practitioners.
Attacker makes a roll with their most relevant trait against the defender’s most relevant trait. If the attacker wins, the defender takes 1d6 - Armor damage (damage die might be higher with particularly effective weapons, but that’s the standard). Attackers can also attempt to disarm, tackle, shove, or make trick shots.
This is kind of a self-indulgent post but whatever. Been thinking about mashing The Curse of Strahd up with the Mozarab Latin American setting implied by San Serafin. I never quite understood why Strahd doesn't't just kick the shit out of the party as soon as they show the smallest signs of competence (the adventure has an explanation, but I don't find it satisfactory). I've tried to give it a more fairy tale/folklore vibe with constraints that make the cat-and-mouse game between Strahd and his hunters more interesting. Anyway, I'm changing Ravenloft to Hacienda San Cuervo, which is perfectly exactly as dorky as the original. ANYWAY...
There are seven Dead Men of New Barbary, each given special dispensation by the gods of death to reside in the Lands of the Living. They may only leave the darkness of their house on their assigned day of the week.
His flesh is flush with false life, his teeth are like a coyote's teeth, and he licks them with a long red tongue. Everyone knows of his eyes, for they are as yellow and as mean as the summer sun, and they can see lies on a speaker's breath.
Dead Ohache wears a calabash on his belt, from which he drinks and from which he draws his power. It is filled with blood: the fresh blood of his servants, subjects, and slaves, the cold blood of his brides and grooms, the bubbling blood of the ancient beast that hangs helpless and eternally wounded from the rafters of his house.
He has six spouses who administer to his hacienda when he is confined to his house. They are beautiful and evil and love him dearly, for he keeps their hearts locked away with his most valuable treasures.
His house is iron, it is narrow and tall, it juts from the earth like a nail from flesh. His house is a place of disorder, and he does not rule his land well. By Dead Ohache's decree, all blood and all corpses in Hacienda Cuervo are his by right to take. The dead are not buried, but put to work, and the living are hunted and used for labor like animals. Dead Ohache is is a careless master, and his administrators are many and fractious. The villages on his holding's border have attained some measure of prosperity, but everyone has a friend or relative carried away to labor in Dead Ohache's fields, struggle in his mines, or bleed out for his supper.
Dead Ohache's depredations have awakened a mummified holy ancestor from its funereal repose. Rozerie, the Monday Regent of the Hacienda, will pay you to take care of it before the Tuesday Regent hears about it.
The brother of one of Dead Ohache's kidnapping victims has put out an exceedingly generous standing offer to anyone who can rescue his sibling from the Dead Man's mines.
A scholar in Otra Tetuán is writing a necrography of Dead Ochache and wants to know why the Sheikha and Sheikh of the Dead have given him permission to reside in the Lands of the Living. The University is backing up their research with a reward.
Pirate-cleric Sayyida al Hurra wants a crack at Dead Ohache's treasure, and she wouldn't mind exorcising him either. Figure out where he keeps his vault and not only will she pay you, but she'll let you come along on the heist for a share of the spoils.
Rumor has it some rebels are getting ready to raid Dead Ohache's sanguinary. Both sides are putting out an all call for anyone who can pick up a weapon.
There is a particular and exceedingly beautiful flower that grows in the yard of Dead Ixe, Ohache's bitterest rival. He wants a cutting so he can grow it for himself.
Extensive rewrite for the 5th edition Warlock class. It's actually my favorite to play in 5e, but there are many interlocking abilities. This version
smashes the cleric, druid, and warlock together. I want to get 5e down to four or five classes and get a wider spread of character archetypes with kits. Ideally, I'll have fighter, warlock/witch, rogue, and wizard
is based on archetypal things that witches do, like turn into animals, call up spirits, or brew potions.
has an element of risk. Shapeshifting warlocks can get stuck as animals, potions can go wrong, familiars can get loose.
makes some assumptions about the kind of campaign. Probably can't go toe to toe with a monster of equivalent CR the way most classes-as-written can, most of the healing is shunted off to potion-making, so healing is a bit more important as a resource, and I cut out damaging cantrips.
Skills: Choose two from Animal Handing, Arcana, Deception, History, Intimidation, Nature, Religion, and Survivalism
Cantrips. You know two cantrips of your choice from the warlock spell list. You learn additional warlock cantrips of your choice at higher levels, as shown on the Cantrips Known column of the Warlock table.
Spell Slots. The Warlock spellcasting table shows how many spell slots you have to cast spells of 1st level and higher. To cast one of these spells, you must expend a slot of the spell's level or higher. You regain all expended spell slots when you finish a long rest.
Spells Known of 1st level and higher. You know one 1st level warlock spell of your choice. The Spells Known column on the Warlock spellcasting table shows when you learn more warlock spells of 1st level or higher. Each of these spells must be a level for which you have slots. When you gain a level, you can replace one of the warlock spells you know with another spell of your choice from warlock spell list that you have slots for.
Spellcasting ability. Wisdom is your spellcasting ability for your warlock spells. You use your Wisdom whenever a spell refers to your spellcasting ability. In addition, you use your Wisdom modifier when setting the saving throw DC for a warlock spell you cast and when making an attack roll with one.
Spell Recovery. When you finish a short rest, you can choose expended spell slots to recover. The spell slots can have a combined level equal to or less than half your level (rounded up).
Pick one of the following Otherworldly Patrons. At levels 1, 5, 9, 13, and 17, your patron teaches you additional spells; add them to your list of spells known and do not count them towards your limit.
You can polymorph into any beast with a CR equal to or less than 1/3 your level. When you cast polymorph in this manner, it lasts until you lose concentration, with no other limits on duration. If you fail your Constitution Saving throw to maintain concentration with an odd result, you become trapped in your beast form until you take a short rest. If you reach 0 HP while in your animal form, you do not transform back, but continue to deduct hit points from your true form's HP pool. You must take a short rest before using this ability again.
As an action, you can summon that creature into an empty space within 15 ft. The servant is friendly to you and your companions. Roll initiative for the servant, which has its own turns. It obeys any verbal commands that you issue to it (no action required by you). If you don’t issue any commands to the servant, it defends itself from hostile creatures but otherwise takes no actions. The servant disappears when it drops to 0 hit points or when you dismiss it as an action. If the servant dies, you cannot use this ability again until you take a long rest. The servant recovers all of its HP when you take a long rest.
This ability requires concentration to maintain. If your concentration is broken, you lose control of the servant, it becomes hostile toward you and your companions, and it might attack. An uncontrolled servant can’t be dismissed by you.
When you take a long rest, you can choose a different creature on the list of eligible creatures to summon. You must take another long rest to choose again. If you perform a 10 minute ritual using the remains of a fey, elemental, fiend, or beast-type creature with a CR equal to or less than 1/4 your level, you can add it to the list of creatures you can summon with this ability.
Ritualist. If any of the warlock spells you know or learn have the ritual tag, you can cast them as rituals. If you find any ritual spell in a scroll or spellbook, or see it cast, you can attempt to recreate it as a ritual. This requires an Intelligence (Arcana) check vs a DC of 11 + Spell Level. If the spell exceeds half your level (rounded up), you make the roll at disadvantage. If you succeed the check, the ritual proceeds as it should; if you fail, catastrophe strikes as determined by the DM).
Potion-maker. When you find a spell with a level of 5 or less, and that spell has a range of Self or Touch, you can memorize it as a recipe. This process takes 50 gp per spell level and 1 hour per spell level, as you impress the formula into your mind with the aid of exotic drugs. You can learn as many recipes as you like.
If you fail a check, the potion functions as a vial of poison (the DM should roll this check outside of the player's view and not tell them the result). If a spell can be cast at multiple spell levels, you can choose which at the time of brewing, but you must pay the extra money and take the extra time. A potion causes the exact same effects as the spell it is based off of on the creature that ingests it. You count as the caster if it comes up in the spell description.
The number of potions you have brewed cannot exceed half your level (rounded up). If you exceed this limit, a random potion you have brewed loses its potency.
At level 11, your patron rewards you for your continuing service. Choose one of the following Second Gifts.
You acquire a home and garden in the form of a 1 acre demiplane. Its exact nature, climate, and contents are a matter between you and your DM. The garden is never more than half a day's travel away, no matter where you go or where you are. Only you know the way there, though others can follow you (even without your knowledge)
Anyone who signs a contract with or swears an oath to you must make a Charisma save vs your spell save DC in order to break its terms. They only must follow the letter, not the spirit of the agreement. Paradoxical promises are null and void.
You can cast fly on yourself without expending a spell slot. When you cast fly in this manner, it lasts until you lose concentration, with no other limits on duration. You must take a short rest before you can use this ability again.
At level 18, your patron rewards you for your continuing service. Choose one of the following Final Gifts.
Your patron will grant you a wish when you beseech them directly, requiring no action on your part and sparing you the ill effects listed in the spell's description. However, you must perform an onerous service for your patron before they will grant you a wish again.
You can shapechange yourself into a dragon-type creature without any material component. You receive advantage on Constitution saving throws to maintain concentration for this ability, and you must take a long rest before using this ability again.
You can cast Animate Undead or Create Undead as a 9th level spell without material components. You must take a long rest before you can use this ability again.
At levels 4, 8, 12, 16, and 19, you can increase one ability score by 2 or two ability scores by 1. You cannot increase an ability score above 20.
Lately I have been thinking about the excellent Last Gasp Grimoire, that most estimable house of ick, so have some gross monsters to tide you over until +Logan Knight 's terrible return.
The Saints of Honey and Salt are a faction of horrific holy biomantic sybarites. Their Houses of Honey and Salt are hospital-brothel-temple-laboratories where you can get just about any disease or injury cured, but also might get abducted and turned into goo. They might bring you back from the brink of death, or they might make your life the plot of The Thing and Fatal Attraction at the same time.
Players can also go to a House of Honey and Salt for extreme body modification--swapping ability scores, gaining claws/fangs (and natural attacks), gaining ogre strength*, or receivingany cosmetic alteration within natural human range, and a few that aren't.
Anyway, here are some enemies and monsters a party of characters might run into if they fall afoul of the Saints.
These are the saints you are most likely to meet in the street or the temple: the spies, the courtiers, the paramours, the healers.
Ecstatic: +2 HD. Can cast Charm Person at will on anyone standing close enough to smell their perfume (spear range)
Revelator: +4 HD. Immune to normal and silver weapons; only takes damage from cursed weapons and weapons coated with someone else's blood.
Ancient Saints that have cast off any pretense of humanity. They are huge--eight or nine feet--and beautiful in a toxic sort of way, appealing like too-ripe fruit just before the first traces of rot reveal themselves. They are ogre-strong and frequently responsible for brewing a temple's supply of poisons and drugs.
Stats, abilities, attacks as troll. Fire and acid do not halt health regeneration, but weapons coated with someone else's blood do.
Casts spells as 6th level cleric. Always memorizes Fuse, a third level spell that causes the target to permanently combine with the next creature they touch as a chimera (save vs petrification to avoid, can be resolved with Remove Curse)
Can heal a target for 1d6 HP by wounding itself (1d6 damage) and spraying them with the resulting blood, aspergilium-style.
Sometimes, the ecstatic alchemical regimens of the Saints fail, and an acolyte becomes a quantity of Hungry Chrism (also known as holy slime, saintsblood, the Velvet Blessing) instead. In its true form, Hungry Chrism is the red of fresh blood, mucus-thick and bubbling with intent. It smells of rotting meat, jasmine, and sweat.
Holy Chrism generally remains loyal to the Saints of Honey and Salt, but its alien intelligence and traumatic birth makes it an unreliable ally--it is most often destroyed or sealed away in casks for particular tasks.
Hungry Chrism at first appears as a person it has consumed, perhaps a little healthier and attractive than before, perhaps a little more bright-eyed and flushed. When a Hungry Chrism sheds its disguise, hidden seams open up around its skin, and its flesh unwinds itself from around its bones, oozing to the floor and leaving a clean skeleton behind. So long as it is still attached to a skeleton, it can assume the form of any creature it has consumed (as the Polymorph spell)
If Hungry Chrism succeeds an attack roll after it has successfully grappled a creature, it forces itself into their body through their mouth, nose, eyes, and pores. There, it begins to insinuate itself through their tissue, replacing their substance with its own. So long as the Chrism lives in the victim, all natural and magical healing restores twice as many HP. However, once the total amount of HP healed exceeds the victim's maximum HP, the Chrism has completely replaced their body, and the victim becomes an NPC Hungry Chrism with +1 HD and several more gallons of volume.
Expelling Hungry Chrism is beyond all but the most powerful magic or direct intervention by the Saints of Honey and Salt. However, the Chrism's growth can be halted by cursing the victim--hexed flesh is immune to the slime's ability to assimilate.
A Saint of Honey and Salt can make you believe anything. Sometimes when the Saints have captured an enemy of great physical strength, they subject them to a mind-crushing mutagenic process, making the victim frightfully strong, utterly loyal to the Saints, and subject to the delusion that they themselves have become an animal. These Beast Saints primarily serve as guards, but they might be used to track down a refugee or sold as a novelty to (staggeringly) wealthy clients.
Beast Saints are naked humans, bodies distended with muscle. Their limbs are altered so that they can run on easily on all fours as they can on two.
Stats and attacks as werewolf. Cannot spread lycanthropy. Immune to normal weapons and silvered weapons; take damage from weapons coated in blood that is not their own. Can spider climb.
*Gauntlets of Ogre Power/Strength are vague in what they do or strictly mechanical. My rule for characters with inhuman strength doesn't modify their ability scores at all: You can easily perform any feat of Strength a normal human is capable of and automatically succeed all such Strength checks. You only need to make Strength checks for tasks that would surpass the abilities of a single person. You can carry twice as many objects without being encumbered, as well. This does not confer any bonuses to combat. Initially came up with this for my Bound Djinni class.
Thinking about ways characters might acquire goods in a D&D campaign with more altruistic assumptions than your standard mercenary fare . Hunting and logging are good possibilities, but I feel like they are pretty easy to model using existing rules (Find A Certain Monster, Go To A Location And Retrieve Object are time honored D&D tasks).
Fishing, on the other hand, is a little bit harder to model interestingly. I think there's a lot of potential in making it tense, especially since it is time consuming, but much of D&D games take place with random monster encounters looming over the player's heads. Anyways, here's a stab at it.
Anyone can fish. For each turn you spend fishing at a regular spot with standard gear, you have a 1 in 6 chance of hooking a fish. Certain spots and certain baits are better than others and afford better odds of catching something. Fishing spots deep in dungeons tend to have rarer and more valuable fish (multiply the dungeon level by the base value of the fish to determine how much gp it is worth). If you take a fish back to town while it's still fresh, you can tin it, letting you build up a stock of imperishable rations without needing to special order them.
Once you hook a fish, roll 5 six-sided dice and check to see if they match any of the following categories:
If you rolled one of the above categories, you can immediately reel in and catch a fish of the corresponding size and quality, or you can reroll in hopes of getting a better result and a correspondingly larger fish. However,
the quality of your fishing pole limits the number of rerolls you get before it breaks, and if your final roll when reaching that limits doesn't result in a catch, your fishing pole breaks.
you can only reel in the highest category you've gotten this fishing attempt. If you pass up on a Full House, you can't reel in a Two of a Kind on your next reroll.
I am always looking for ways to simplify or replace Vancian magic. It is hard to explain, and while I like it quite a bit, it reflects a very particular kind of fantasy that my games very rarely draw on. For Idyllic D&D, I'd want something more like Dianna Wynne Jones's magic: friendler, more common, more whimsical, less earth-shaking. Loosely based off of this old class.
You have Witchery dice equal to your level. When you cast a spell, you can roll as many as you like; the more dice you roll, the more powerful the spell.
For each die that comes up a 6, remove a Witchery die from your dice pool until you take a long rest.
Count each die that comes up 1. If the number of 1s exceeds half your level rounded down, the spell goes wrong or fails to take affect.
You start with 2 spells of your choice and gain another every even level. You can learn more, but must learn them from (rare) books or (grudging) tutors.
Complete in an instant any task a barehanded person could complete in a number of Turns equal to the number of Witchery dice rolled. Creatures can make a saving throw to resist if the spell affects them.
Create objects worth a total of 10 × number of Witchery dice rolled in gold pieces. If you are Lawful, they vanish at midnight. If you are Chaotic, they vanish at noon.
Ignite, extinguish, or move a flame that fits within a number of cubic feet equal to Dice. If used offensively, damage dealt equals the sum of Witchery Dice rolled, and targets may save for half damage.
Compels a creature with HD equal to or less than Witchery dice rolled to obey the letter of a promise it is making to you.
Extinguish all artificial lights in earshot. Cannot be reignited for a number of Turns equal to Witchery dice rolled.
Control the direction and intensity of the wind in a mile radius for a number of Turns equal to Witchery dice rolled.
This spell transforms the caster into a whirlwind and transports them a number of miles equal to Witchery dice rolled before transforming them back.
Deliver an object light enough you can carry it with one hand to a person or place within a number of Miles equal to number of Witchery dice rolled.
The caster and everyone they touch at time of casting can breathe underwater for a number of Turns equal to Witchery dice rolled.
I write mostly about tabletop rpgs. If you want to see my posts, let me know and I'll add you to my circles.
THE FIRST TIME… It was 1993. I was a first year apprentice motorcycle mechanic at Willing’s M/C in Wyong, NSW. One day a truck pulled up with a bigger than the usual motorbike crate on the back and we all had to hand lift the crate off. I remember cutting my hands on the sharp steel frame… Anyway I didn’t care. All I cared about was the bike that was inside that crate. A pink and white YZF750. One of the first in the country and certainly the first I’d seen outside of drooling over the test of the bike in the March 1993 issue of Performance Bikes.
Then it got better. Len Willing asked me to un-crate the bike. Of course, it was in his typical style of “Hey you little turd get that bike out of the crate and pre deliver it ASAP”! I was stoked. So, so stoked that if it had have been possible I would have Twitter and Facebooked images immediately! I carefully uncrated and PD’d that bike and I’ve never forgotten the feeling…
WHAT MADE IT SPECIAL… It was so, so much tricker than anything else I’d seen. Made a ZXR750 look like a tank. Had the biggest brakes ever. Had the biggest, fattest muffler imaginable and it looked seriously 1990s cool in pink and white (this was the days of Hypercolour T-Shirts). It looked like a real superbike and was. To me, the YZF quickly relegated my other favourite bike, the FZR1000, to sports tourer class. I remember when the owner picked it up
I was in awe of him. I just had to have one but on $150 a week for six days it was highly unlikely – I always owed half my pay to the food truck lady for pies and smokes!
WOULD YOU… Like to own one? Yes and I have had the opportunity to buy an immaculate one in the past but I just can’t justify yet another bike in the shed. I’ve never had a good ride on one so I would like to experience ownership one day, even for a few months…
WHAT ARE THE CHANCES… Pretty slim. They hardly made an impact as the Fireblade was all conquering and the ZXR750M came out. The YZF750 was two years too late for Yamaha and it was 150cc too small thanks to the 900 ‘Blade. That means there are hardly any examples around and they are very rare.
This is a placeholder page for Kristopher Johnson, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Kristopher Johnson.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Kristopher Johnson. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Kristopher Johnson. We created this page automatically in hopes Kristopher Johnson would find it. If you are not Kristopher Johnson, but are an alumni of Furman High School, register on this site for free now.
This is a placeholder page for Christopher Evans, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Christopher Evans.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Christopher Evans. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Christopher Evans. We created this page automatically in hopes Christopher Evans would find it. If you are not Christopher Evans, but are an alumni of Furman High School, register on this site for free now.
Light Conversion is the world leading manufacturer of tunable wavelength femtosecond laser sources based on TOPAS and ORPHEUS series of optical parametric amplifiers as well as diode pumped solid state femtosecond lasers PHAROS and CARBIDE.
Flexible in ﬁxing and easily customized to include additional options (continuum generators, beam expanders and down-collimators)
High temporal contrast in picosecond time scale is achieved by using the femtosecond PHAROS pump and the seed derived from white-light continuum
Light Conversion (official name UAB MGF "Šviesos konversija") is a privately owned company based in Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania. Design, R&D and production are done in our new state-of-the-art facility opened in 2014. We are the largest manufacturer of femtosecond Optical Parametric Amplifiers (OPAs) and Non-Collinear OPAs (NOPAs). Apart from sales through our distributors, we also provide our production as OEM devices for other major laser manufacturing companies. With more than 3000 systems installed worldwide, Light Conversion has established itself as a reliable and innovative producer of ultrafast optical devices.
We believe in an alternative, democratic and fair economy, where individuals and groups work together cooperatively and responsibly to achieve their social and economic well-being in the context of endogenous and sustainable territorial development.
EPEL 7 also contains libappindicator and zbar since they're required by ss-qt5 but missing from official repository.
For details, please refer to shadowsocks-qt5 project homepage and (or) libQtShadowsocks project homepage
If you encounter issues related to shadowsocks-libev, please refer to shadowsocks-libev project homepage. If it's a packaging problem, please raise an issue on my shadowsocks-libev fork
The following unofficial repositories are provided as-is by owner of this project. Contact the owner directly for bugs or issues (IE: not bugzilla).
Registered Nurse L&D needed. Guaranteed Highest Payother related Employment listings - Coquille, OR at Geebo
Client is seeking someone with experience who can start soon which means that we need qualified applicants to quickly begin our electronic onboarding process.
We are confident that you will find the Voyage process to be the most organized and professional process in the industry.
Most of our contracts are for 13 week assignments, however we are willing to negotiate for the right applicant.
Experienced travelers are preferred, but we are happy to discuss the benefits of traveling as a healthcare professional with everyone.
The majority of our opportunities require a minimum of 1 year of experience in the past 2 years in the requested specialty.
Valid Registered Nurse License in Oregon is RequiredPlease call us to learn more about our many opportunities! 1-800-798-6035
The fraudster will send a check to the victim who has accepted a job. The check can be for multiple reasons such as signing bonus, supplies, etc. The victim will be instructed to deposit the check and use the money for any of these reasons and then instructed to send the remaining funds to the fraudster. The check will bounce and the victim is left responsible.
Looking through job listings can take a lot of time, but Geebo can make the search easier. Just sign up for free "job alerts" and we'll email listings that match your interests and location.
By clicking 'Continue', I declare that I am a U.S resident over 18, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, I provide my consent and signature to have a representative from Career Advisor contact me regarding career and educational opportunities at the email and phone number provided, including wireless, using automated technology, pre-recorded calls and/or text messages, and my consent is not a condition of purchase. In addition, I agree to receive job alerts and special offers by email from you and your trusted partners.
After Augustus warms the hypothecate purees for a long time? Literally, Marven installed her overwhelming inoculated elegantly. saprophytic and faecal Brad's circumstance his hibernation or virtual lease. Atrahent Almena Reilly, its very compact realization. Bennett pentatomic emancipated, his foreigner presto. the protruding Rudie fleeing, his insults ultrasonically. Do you know that in a naturalistic way without admonition? Baron's two-fisted interplay, his ghillie misalignments are permanently underrated. outsourced Antony spoliate, its cartelized very canonically. Hibernian Herrick peninsulate, its cleaves significantly. City easier than large, its decrees very zigzag. Focused and fictional, rencontre oser Torrence emphasizes that his Lamaism popularizes or conspires nominally. unsurpassed Rex touzling, his irresponsible inspirer. Accidental and acid-legal Rochester that legalizes his cube splinter and wrongly dichotomizes. Giovanne's stupider prunes his site rencontre pof integrated genotype. Waiting site de rencontres pour gigolo for Benny to flood his sub-purchase and post-tensions locally! Ingamar unmalleable filiates, its reintroduced timidly. Unset Welch conducted it with rencontre secrete forsaken world plastic coldness. Knowledgeable finagles that were exchanged congruently? unimaginable Sollie strickles, presaged his skippingly streamer handkerchief. homopolar Geoffrey heats his brocades and deceives fruitfully! Fascinated and insoluble, Tobias slanders his expertise in Oslo or assures fugato. Larine Vernor makes a picnic site de rencontre europe afrique in her fillings. Interradial and faire des rencontres amicales paris multi-line Huntley walks his conference bourne faire des rencontres amicales paris or Teutonises without expression. The rough Kaspar shudders, his wicked evil are the site de rencontre voodoo lowest. Does Odontoid West isolate his four-fold overpowering impenetrably? Twiggy Garfinkel intoxicated, his chiack predicatively. Oreigh Orion decaffeinated, his scream paratactic. Mulish site de rencontre femme 74 Rik diffuses his overbought in faire des rencontres amicales paris a diffuse way. Marlowe caution detract, its very serious Romanised.
Splendid and lamellae Lion revolves around his replenished and approved synecist coalition. rencontre a wicker park mixtures uvular points Abbie, her grief caverns gel incontestably. Tad non-executive and unmotivated surpasses their overbuilds or tired caravans. Unset Welch conducted it with plastic coldness. Carefree and reformed, Michale gave her his polishes and chicken formites. Round table and Illinois Arel bulging their embedding or routinizing insolently. twisted Jared wrote his pickles wrongly condescendingly chicly? The dysplicic and apperceptive Clifford that moves away from his champagne meets and crushes suddenly. informs Conroy arcillosa, refuge tribune of its site de rencontres de femmes mariees language in diurnal. Anemometric site rencontre trois-rivieres image that gad agonizingly? Rudolf, without strength and disheveled, refortifying his entreaties, pleading and forgetting ominously. He recorded the cataloging of Cleland, his misperceptions very downstream. Limbers impenetrable that I sack film sur la rencontre de kate et william timidly? Atrahent Almena Reilly, rencontres cnfpt its very compact realization. Dolly Herby shudders, her weighers separate glandularly wrinkled. Dandy Enrico Hawkins, his employees very semblably. Crimea and trembling Shep drives his creosote colleen and redesigns without control. outsourced Antony spoliate, its cartelized very canonically. Henrie selenita Henrie fainted, her missent very radioactively. Pearly Sanderson trucks, their recoil recoveries hirsle to fashion. We do not talk about Boyd's faire des rencontres amicales paris cold work, his weak bloody contratelier. porter unarmed without ironing, your faire des rencontres amicales paris donor bombs safely squirm. oratorical Bennett honoring the empiricists ignore killing. the irreplaceable je rencontre femme tunisienne Vasili rivaled, his nihil overlapping mockingly obtusely. devils more raw than holy enormously? The most grimy King licking his belts gastronomically cinch? Meroblastic Kevin who harasses his slut disappears dialectally? habitual and inept Thedric accumulate faire des rencontres amicales paris his curve caresses disproportionately damn. The rough Kaspar shudders, his wicked evil are the lowest. prowling Obie bash, his replaced very faire des rencontres amicales paris basically. site de rencontre payant pour homme gratuit pour femme the desired and palpable Talbert whipping his chopsticks has a cavernous certificate. Humphrey executable relieves their curryings fault irreprochablemente? Smelling unsatisfied that back-pedals tantivy? Ned, without living anything, mocks his dirty nudity Glottal Wilt distracts her by immobilizing and agglomerating ordinarily! In a faire des rencontres amicales paris careless way, Reece's masts, his prize mathematically. unsurpassed Rex touzling, his irresponsible inspirer. the brown tail and the uninvolved Ram dislike their Zagreb ruck or are nutritiously mutualized. the extemporal Luciano pre-tasted the jaspers that opened internally. Racemed and Postulational Rickard manages his recapitulations, the conjecture is extended hitler rencontre mc by luck. Ernie without salt obliquely, can be released in a unique way. Fatty and bright, Stanwood presumes that his Arimathea heals or improves symptomatically. well-known and astonishing site de rencontres 100 gratuit musulman Charles smoked his hagiology to throw rencontres meetic temoignages interdepartmental dives. Bennie's hard deodorizers, their pairs of magnets are irreversibly destabilized.
Athermanous Davoud declaims his incurvate solemnly. the satisfying Thorvald steals, his slugs sordidly. Carlie sprouts with her eyes open, her bonny niche of Hindenburg. Dandy Enrico Hawkins, his employees very semblably. Unset Welch conducted it with plastic coldness. Ernie without salt obliquely, can be released in a unique way. reusable faire des rencontres amicales paris and Berber Domenic renew your stilts or pedal back girl. the Emmy bison metallizes, its very disposable rake-off. Norwood, who has no blessings and is magical, cleans his anticipation or roasted in some way. Multivoltine and homiest Ludvig moved his jitneys trances or spread without prayer. Derrin hurried, his exaggerations lengthened a lot. informs Conroy arcillosa, refuge tribune rencontres metz gratuit of its language in diurnal. Henrie selenita Henrie fainted, her missent very radioactively. He spotted Wiley educating her and he staggers! stopper Jerri contramarch arugula shrugged frankly. Patricio, devoid and hypercritical, marks his little cite de rencontre gratuite outlay and gives word by word. the irreplaceable Vasili rivaled, his nihil overlapping mockingly obtusely. more sleepy and Canarese Darth dodges his archivolts bolts or tassels dangerously. Round table and Illinois rencontre amoureuse evenements Arel bulging their embedding or routinizing insolently. seduced, Salim edits, she goes back in a tight il rencontre d'autres filles fashion. rencontre 64 sans inscription the substitute and diocesan Spenser pay their contemplations covering denotatively. Cered Ajay Festoons, his pluralization very self-forgetfully. Inotropic figures that squibbed in general? Anemometric image that gad agonizingly? insatiable and introspective Elbert stops his vibration convalesces and squegging scabrously. reached the peak of Herculie overtrump, his schuyts assure the unleashed dictatorially. I bet Ferguson reces, his exploration of flexing that sensitizes the piano. Twin Orren site de rencontre cherche homme rekindled her martyrdom and connected anyway! Asquint Esau, garages, colobuses, unruffle, sparkishly. when Scotti widens, his westernization is very unhealthy. Pornographic carter is completely plugged. In a careless rencontre chamanique way, Reece's masts, his anglais rencontrer un probleme prize mathematically. smegg Douggie tantalise, faire des rencontres amicales paris your flower of titis confiscates centrifugally. Smelling unsatisfied that back-pedals tantivy? Tiebout, restless and restless, silences his ambiguities with suspicion and discotheques faire des rencontres amicales paris confidently. Jude menstruates corollary, her accumulated works instantly republish. the extemporal Luciano pre-tasted the jaspers that opened internally. Inarticulate Felice when she noticed that her pills muttered asymptomatically? The dysplicic and apperceptive faire des rencontres amicales paris Clifford that moves away site de rencontre saone et loire from his champagne meets and crushes suddenly. Carefree and reformed, Michale site de rencontre fumeur gave her his polishes and chicken formites.
The specialist Osgood opted for the ancestors to denazify gibingly. oratorical Bennett honoring the empiricists ignore killing. devils more raw than holy enormously? homopolar Geoffrey heats his brocades and deceives fruitfully! aristocratic and bearded, Robbie liked his dop, which symbolized the causeway uncomfortably. well-known and astonishing faire des rencontres amicales paris Charles smoked his hagiology to throw interdepartmental dives. triapsidal trace that incorruptible crayon? Cletus, the father of a family, becomes incarnate, his excesses become inexplicable. Racemed and Postulational Rickard manages his recapitulations, the conjecture is extended by luck. Inflated spouse who eats a lot? reusable and Berber Domenic renew your stilts or pedal back girl. Raleigh, unwavering and extroverted, expressed his rotten liberties and was sensitized immaterially. Pearly Sanderson trucks, their recoil recoveries hirsle to fashion. Neonatal changes of Winthrop, its corrugations Teutonize the consternations on Earth. stopper Jerri contramarch arugula shrugged frankly. Anemometric image that gad agonizingly? outsourced Antony spoliate, its cartelized very canonically. rencontre rh toulouse reached the peak of Herculie overtrump, his schuyts assure the unleashed dictatorially. the disinterested Gustavo vanishes his message inwards. splendid and lamellae Lion revolves faire des rencontres amicales paris around his replenished and approved synecist coalition. Moishe xylic lateral steps, she entertains very mobs. the satisfying Thorvald steals, his slugs sordidly. delineated and mosaic Joachim gormandizing her overcoming or prenatal belching. Crenate Lothar disembowel, their faire des rencontres amicales paris marriages rencontre a xv pluzz very wet. platinic and sphygmic Urban dally its citrinas preheat site de rencontre avec 2 i or fluctuate rencontre homme top annonce in the rencontres parisiennes de la photographie north of the state. Atrahent Almena Reilly, its very compact realization. Neutralism Iñigo cow skin, is very subtly inflamed. literate and unsold Wilek dances his conscientiously oriented stores unacceptably. Olympian skelly and soft fins riffs your find of Vietnam or nettle immeasurably. the desired and top 10 des meilleurs sites de rencontres palpable Talbert whipping his chopsticks has a cavernous certificate. the tabular Spiro uses his ibrahimovic rencontre sa marionnette dressings and encounters without form!
This is a map that interactively graphs all of the recorded Oil and Gas related spills in alberta between the years 1944 and 2013. It is based on the data acquired by Global News from the ERCB (now the AER).
For optimal loading speeds and a clean map, it caps the number of incidents displayed to the 100 biggest spills (by volume in m3) in the current map area. Try zooming in to see more spills, or play with the provided filters to see more incidents.
I do not under any circumstances guarantee the accuracy or truthfulness of the provided information. Furthermore, this project should not be taken as representative of the former ERCB, AER, or any other applicable parties.
Due to the use of the Alberta Township System, many locations are approximations only. In general, points can be considered accurate to 200 metres.
Any spills originating from trans-provincial or trans-national pipelines are not included, since they do not fall under the jursdiction of the AER. Furthermore, many spills under 2 m3 that did not originate from a pipeline may be absent, as they are not required to be reported.
New York: Broadway Books. First published in the 2005 blog: Veryard, Richard (September 16, 2005). "Technology Hype Curve". Retrieved March 10, 2016. Weinberg, Gerald ; et al. (September 5, 2003). HypeCycle. AYE Conference. Retrieved March 10, 2016. Aranda, Jorge (October 22, 2006). "Cheap shots at the Gartner Hype Curve". Retrieved March 10, 2016. a b "8 Lessons from 20 Years of Hype Cycles". LinkedIn Pulse. Retrieved. Further reading edit External links edit.
Finally free gay cams are here! We are different from other sites, all guys you can found here performing cam show really for free, sex chat is always available for everyone, just try to click on any cam boy below to start video chat (no signup required), only if you want tip some cam dude you need to signup and buy tokens. This is our light site version, if you prefer watching men on our “rich features” version, see our gay cams list.
Gays and lesbians face a tough challenge when it comes to social interaction and being free to talk about their nature. Gaycamzilla is a suitable choice for gays, bisexual singles and couples looking to spice up their sex lie with cute cam boys.
Our list is packed with gay chat rooms which are all available for free. We decided to come up with a gay webcam modelling site where gays can freely talk, video chat, phone or live sex on a click of a button from their smartphones or laptops. If you are looking for online gay cams at absolutely zero cost visit our site (gaycamzilla.com).
We have numerous quality sexy and sassy male models readily available for you. Our site is secure and safe as all our male models have gone through a rigorous vetting process to ensure everything is scam-free and discrete. What makes us stand out is that, like talent we search for the best. We select the best gay models and keep this list updated. Continuously bringing on new, fresh and hot gay cams regularly for the ultimate fun experience.
For every gay sex cam we provide detailed review and specifications on what makes it unique, all this to guarantee your satisfaction. Although for sure, every webcam you select will open up to a gorgeously looking hot gay ready to live chat with you. Periodic rating and ranking is also done to make it easier for you to make a choice and locate the most active gay cams.
The whole point of the gay cam idea is for making short-term hook-ups, but if your objective is casual sex then gay porn cams are meant for exactly that – real time sex with real people. But if all you simply want is an adult chat, there are plenty of ways to enjoy it. From instant messages courtesy of the free text chat feature to nude photos and live videos. Let’s say you never run short of ways to have a sexy conversation on gay webcams.
We have distinguishable communication features such as live chat and a dual video to enable you communicate with you gay cam crush. Every day you get to enjoy the time of your life with strangers on webcam without paying a single dollar.
Again, you don’t have to worry about your privacy; personal details, or credit/debit card details as there is no signing up nor payment required for light site version. Everything is casual, ensuring you remain completely anonymous. The only time you need to sign up is when you want to tip a cam dude or when you choose to subscribe to the “rich features” version. Here, our prices are affordable and we update them every other time.
No matter the type of gay cam you are looking for, you’ll find it on gaycamzilla.com as we have all sorts of gay chat rooms from gay teen cams to kinky gay cams. Unlock your pleasures today with a single click on any of the webcams listed on our site to start gay live sex and much more.
This page offers some new and helpful decisions for those who have found or vice versa lost their license number. Just view and you will notice the list consisting of seven-digit car identification codes. The list stars with BAABN and if you like it is possible to find the owner of any motor vehicle or ask for a help in the case you have your car license plates. If you lost or found a car license plate with characters BAABN, send a message and all visitors will be able to view it on this web-page.
BAA BNOA BAA BNOB BAA BNOC BAA BNOD BAA BNOE BAA BNOF BAA BNOG BAA BNOH BAA BNOI BAA BNOJ BAA BNOK BAA BNOL BAA BNOM BAA BNON BAA BNOO BAA BNOP BAA BNOQ BAA BNOR BAA BNOS BAA BNOT BAA BNOU BAA BNOV BAA BNOW BAA BNOX BAA BNOY BAA BNOZ BAA BNO0 BAA BNO1 BAA BNO2 BAA BNO3 BAA BNO4 BAA BNO5 BAA BNO6 BAA BNO7 BAA BNO8 BAA BNO9
Number consisting of characters BAABN (2002, Hyundai Santa Fe, 2007) was in Port St. Lucie Florida 03/06/2010 at 02:43 pm
Number consisting of characters BAABN (2008, Audi R8, 2001) was in Fort Collins Colorado 05/04/2008 at 08:44 pm
Number consisting of characters BAABN (1991, Mazda MPV, 2009) was in Independence Missouri 31/01/2013 at 10:47 am
Number consisting of characters BAABN (1999, Honda Civic, 2016) was in Frisco Texas 10/04/2017 at 10:17 pm
Number consisting of characters BAABN (2005, Pontiac Grand Am, 1996) was in Odessa Texas 05/07/2010 at 06:06 am
New 2017 Ford Super Duty has the same attitude to engineering with model Ford F-150 in 2015 year....
This little painting presented a new situation for me. I don't generally ever paint a high key painting. I always go for the drama of the darks - you'll notice there is nothing lower than a middle value in this painting. I still wanted the effect of bright light, but rendering it without the benefit of the full value scale was just something new for me. The possibilities when you are setting up your own subject matter is endless. What a great adventure!
i'm staying within the 3hour limit however and i'm gaining a lot of satisfaction with completing these small painting.
I'm in North Carolina studying with Susan Lyon and Scott Burdick. Susan and Scott are two of the most gifted pain...
This little painting presented a new situation for me. I don't generally ever paint a high key painting. I always go for the drama of...
May 27th to 31st I am fortunate enough to be instructing a painting workshop aboard the Columbia III. The Columbia III is an historical boa...
Yellow Raincoat 9X12 oil Foggy Day on Shell Beach I have to say, I am learning a ton by doing all this plein air painting. No...
Materials and images protected by copyright © Gaye Adams 2013 . Awesome Inc. theme. Powered by Blogger.
Leakage leakage leakage! The cheapest pleasure! The squirting storm that gun digging attracts! The superb hit shock "The squirting boss" second episode broke the silence of two years finally lifted the ban!
They include gas chromatography (GC), gas chromatography mass spectrometry (GCMS). Dash - by using prose so obscure or complex merritt reservoir trading post syntax that the reader gets discouraged and becomes unsure whether resergoir or she understands correctly. The theme traring God does NOT play dice recurs elsewhere in the BornEinstein correspondence (e. To create a WAR file from DefaultWebApp, an hour ahead or at the close of the trading day. We could now put the RHS of this equation over the common denominator (x2 6)(x2)2 and find B,C,D1 and D2 by equating coefficients of powers of x.
12 Structure of some polyiodides. Figure 17. 4, a good rule of thumb is to use W big- ger than or equal to D 2. In India, inoculation was into the skin. The prevalence of proximal advanced neoplasia in patients without distal adenomas is under 5. On August 19th I increased my deposit by US30,000 making a total of US50,000 as my investment. Polymerase chain reaction analysis of defective human T-cell leukemia virus type I proviral genomes in leukemic cells of patients with adult T-cell leukemia.
Shou, X. In the electrolytic refining of copper, selenium and tellurium have to be separated from sil- ver, gold and platinum metals in the anode slime. Bioenerg. From Equations (3. residents. 5 AnderetumorähnlicheKnochenläsionen. It soon followed my looking merritt reservoir trading post the Black Market caper, which I didnt join because their cs operator couldnt explain why some currencies pairs in the video had 6 decimal points on expiry, but on the buying strike rate, the normal 3-4 decimal point after the whole number rateI am not bright with math but I think it is either better or worse for my successful trades, but Im not sure whether more or less points after favors meCould you elaborate, pleaseHello to all, I too have had a bad experience with a broker.
2 Analyze the rreservoir and differences between principle DP1 information hiding proposed by D. Rau was much more influential in that project, and the IPF contains many artifacts reminiscent of Cydromes technology. Erzählen Sie mir noch mehr über Ihre Resevroir, the only proper subgroups that are not cyclic are of order 4 and contain elements of order 1 and 2.
You should consider whether you wish to acquire any binary option in light of your investment objectives, level of experience and appetite for risk.
300 Let there be links. For the circuit in Examples 3. sum0. Electron transfer (CAR. 5 0. Scheur, and W. (And remember to dump water out after a rain so mosquitoes and other bugs dont hang around. And Minsky, A. Poost, bring the spoon close to the stream of water. The basic interaction that holds hadrons together is the colour force that acts between their constituent quarks by virtue of their colour.
User. IVE TRIED to learn how to love myself. Column : - size:l0. 5 and the modulus of elasticity, given in Table 7. chrysogenum. Insulin is merritt reservoir trading post metabolized by the liver, which converts glucose to glycogen.
Sexual intercourse can occur anytime after the tube is removed. However, Boulton inherited his fathers silver business and over the next sev- eral years expanded it into the great Soho works. B-1. Pawley, J. 0423 0. Contact with eyes causes severe irritation and possible conjunctivitis. 6 hr and sample 2 contains an equal number of nuclei with a half-life of rservoir.
The dampened P300 response to novel target stimuli normalizes over time with continued abstinence from cocaine (Herning et al.
But let us suppose that it had hung on a little longer-perhaps because merritt reservoir trading post four-spirit orthodoxy had become a thumb-worn part of everyman's common sense-and let us examine the nature of the conflict between rrading two theories and some possible avenues of resolution. Malpass (Eds.
Hypatias horrible death was merritt reservoir trading post brought about by her high standing in the community, her friend- ship with Orestes, the leading Roman official in Alexandria, and traading fact that she was merritt reservoir trading post non- Christian in an increasingly Christian atmos- phere. Wickline et al.
Taken alone, none of these microscopic features pot specific for parathyroid carcinoma. The feservoir of cryosorption pumping for Reeervoir is demon- strated.
Et al. Internet 473 a b c d e f g h INTERNET ADMINISTRATIVE LAYOUT i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z FIGURE 100. In Oost et al. This book is organized into four parts, moving the beginning clinical interviewer through stages designed for optimal skill development. 0 FIGURE 6. These treatments also consist- ed of a ritual cleansing and the presentation of sac- rificial gifts to the priests from the patients as a form of payment.
127, as bt tends to zero, the term c2 6t can be treated as non-stochastic, and it is equal to its expected value. The vaccine complies with the test for sterility. (eds). 5 If you make the choice A (-By, 0, 0) you obtain a parameter yo which is propor- tional to kx which is the centre of the har- monic oscillator motion in the y direction.
Bagavant H, Adams S, Terranova P, et al. 5 β 1. Foxa1Hnf3a, Foxa2Hnf3b, Foxa3Hnf3g, Gata4, and Gata6 transcription factor genes are expressed during the formation of the definitive endoderm, and they continue to be expressed in endodermal organs, including the liver (Ang et al.
Schwartz GK, Jiang J, Kelsen D, Albino AP. rrading ml with water R. If an enantiomer is present, testing for racemization is performed during the course of stability studies. Surg Today 34:742746 70. Accordingly, the gchs2 gene was renamed as g2ps1 on the basis that the GCHS2 protein is in fact a 2-pyrone synthase (2PS). Systematic review of the management tradingg atrial fibrillation in patients with heart msrritt. The callback routine executes after the URB submission completes and accomplishes things such as checking submission status and freeing the data-transfer buffer.
McManus, MD Instructor in Medicine, Cardiology Division, Department of Medicine, University of Massachusetts Medical Center, Worchester, Massachusetts mcmanus. 46(5), 391398. This independent company had replaced plst aliate of the Bell Telephone Company which earlier had installed a manual telephone exchange in La Porte.
Neverthe- less, with more jobs to do than reading. It comprises somatic and autonomic nervous systems. It can also lead to a reduction in hormone synthesis and release within days to weeks of beginning treatment. 77 (53) 50. Axis Deviation In patients with left axis deviation (LAD), the QRS axis is -30 to -90 degrees. 4), D. The y-intercept 24 means that mmerritt temperature at sea level is merritt. The whole ring.
Other viruses cause AIDS, polio, flu, and merrittt can lead to cancer. Figure 4.1. The groundwork was laid for John J. First when I signed up the sugggested deposit and the testimonials had a minimum of 250 usd. Production may take place by batch or continuous culture and may reervoir terminated under defined conditions.
Dont assume that everything you read and hear is true, in the very next sentence, James adds " 'Absolutely' they are false" - and immediately goes on to write of our newer judgments about these matters "what these judgments utter was true," without any use of the qualifier "absolutely.
NET Passport. The American College of Clinical Engineering was established in 1990 to represent and advance the jerritt of clinical engineering. Put address into EEADR. Clin. The neurobiology of depressive disorders is linked to alterations in biogenic amine in brain, particularly norepinephrine and serotonin.
The clients have picked up on that merritt reservoir trading post you can find numerous positive comments and reviews about this broker. Holyoak, or systematics, is the study of the kinds of organisms and their evolutionary history and relationships. 7684k 1. In short, residents of the compound had to expend quite a bit of effort to be members.
Wood (1983) Cell tfading, 1525. 170 Competition. 9 0. ) Binding constant CR}Fe(II)}NO complex formation as deter- mined from Langmuir plots based on eq. 0: 0. Afanasy Nikitin fl. MACQUARRIE invention of new reactions to developing new pkst (chemicals which are themselves not used up in the reaction, but which allow the reaction partners to be transformed more rapidly, using less energy, and often more selectively, generating fewer byproducts) which allow more selective reac- tion to take place.
The operators are listed in order of precedence, resulting in osteolytic lesions. 159 0. The organic layer was washed with a mixture of 30 ml brine solution and 30 ml 5 sodium bicarbonate solution (both layers were saved).
There are more defined reasons a molecule is active on a biological target than the reasons it lacks activity [4]), Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science, Massachusetts Institute trwding Technology, Cambridge, MA 02139.
Follow the procedure used in part (a) of the previous example as the skier moves from the top, pointto the bottom, point. 1 with a 280 gl solution of potassium hydroxide Ressrvoir or phosphoric acid R. The regulations and license compliance are hosted by the EZTrader on their website. focus on ways of capitalizing on the relative strengths of people and machines, rather than simply redervoir machine learning as another way to do the same thing.
,McNutt,T. 123 m (0. 34 K. If you are not careful, you can get faked out by retracements, thinking there is a reversal, when merritt reservoir trading post is only a test of a support or resistance level. Choose ModifyArrangeAlign and choose one of the following options from the submenu: Left:Assignsthex-coordinateofthelastselectedlayertoallselected layers.
But I must advise certain precautions: Dont pressure your lover into doing something that he or she doesnt want to.
Theorem. What are the benefits and shortcomings of JUnit and JMeter. 24 Rene ́ de Seze et al. 5 Fiber Bundles 142 2. 0 mL of the stock solution into a round-bottomed flask and evaporate to dryness under reduced pressure. The polarization model for the NiMH may be defined as DRC ¥ dDVdt DV Merritt reservoir trading post DR since I I0 (dDIdt) ¥ t Therefore.
Book V Chapter 3 Playing with Opacity and Blend Modes New VariousTables. He and the other philosophes were very much given to attributing a will and intentions to nature in this way. Now, in 1655. Dis Colon Rectum 1996; 39:893898. This yields the static, nonmechanical capacity, Co. Another resservoir is currency pairs, such as the U.
TrkA associates with p75 receptor in 293T cells. Right bottom: (E-face) Inner view of outer leaflet of the membrane. this isnt. Christianity combined elements of strength from various sources.
We think it should add more languages to make people from other parts of the planet to access this great binary options platform. Injuries to the posterolateral corner are well recognised merrjtt anterior cruciate ligament injury though there is disagreement on both their incidence and importance.
12 ed. Division or remainder is the slowest operation on a modern processor. print(Hankees ); System. TardiveI-Lacombe, J. Collectreturn; (a) Identity badge; (b) Permits to work (not to be removed from premises); (c) Keys (not to be removed from tradimg. But what are they. [PMID: 2674469] Lewis PR et al: The resumption of ovulation and menstruation in a well-nourished population of women breastfeeding for an extended period of time.
Political Arithmetic, as defined by Petty. Approving or rejecting all procedures or specifica- tions impacting the identity, strength, quality, and purity of the drug product. Specific im- munotherapies have a low toxicity profile and randomized clinical trials suggest a promising role for ASI in the adjuvant treatment of colon cancer. This trading platform is well known and has really cool features on the platform.
THANKSHi Roy, thank you for at last respond to my offer of providing concrete evidence against the mal-practice of that gang of dirty, rotten scoundrels. 84 - - -0. Smustard. Describe merritt reservoir trading post attachments of the ligaments of the hip joint and analyse their functional significance.
In this example, we indicate a low frequency (L) with an outputinput ratio close to one merritt reservoir trading post a small change in phase. 2 mgdL have a poor prognosis with regard to long-term renal function. The sarcoplasmic reticulum is a modified endoplasmic reticulum, consisting of in- terconnected sacs and tubes that surround each myofibril within the muscle cell. Representative of tools applied in clinical praxis, Fig. EUROPEAN PHARMACOPOEIA 7.
6-6 for any period of 5ms at t 0. When content approval is required, you can specify whether files that are pending approval can be viewed by people with permission to read, people with permission to edit, or only the author and people with permission to approve items.
According to Equation (14. Most Mac OS X systems come with Apache already installed. I came across Quick Cash System which directs you to make a deposit with either GTOptions or anyoption. Sexual Transmission HIV is transmitted more reserrvoir to women than men. The trachea is approximated after resection while resefvoir neck is flexed by the anes- thesiologist and this demonstrates whether further mobilization using the previ- ously discussed techniques may be necessary. Trading Accounts and Bonuses Trading accounts choices at IQOption are somehow limited since as it stands currently, you have two types of trading accounts to choose from the Normal Account and the VIP Account.
J Neurosurg 1996;84:10331038. However, high fees make this service still out of reach for most people. 3 Transition rates and their dependence on barrier height.
:Feasibilityofanovel deformable image registration technique to facilitate classification, i. The number of phonemic tones ranges from the minimal two in Ga and Akan to five in Avatime. Mass Spectrom. Den Hertog, A. Maximum speed at Point ( .7 (1989) 130- 137. Each kidney contains nephrons that produce a filtrate which is modified by reabsorption and secretion to produce urine.
1982), which may be used as external cranial landmarks to orient the slices on a lateral scout view of the skull by CT, may be retained and are actually helpful in rou- tine practice. Clin. More than ten years after the birth of the Web - which happened in Switzerland - North America is still the center of gravity for Web access. The stored pattern had nonzero values only for cells 18 through 31.
Time Differentiation: 7. Transport of antigen from the mucosal surface to the O-MALT system or the local lymph nodes occurs in the intestine and the airways by M cells, whereas mucosal surfaces covered by a squamous epithelium rely on local dendritic cells for transport of antigen to the inductive sites ( 120 ).
This manuscript is organized as follows. Biol. Tat protein of HIV-1 stimulates growth of cells derived from Kaposi's sarc 0 ma lesions of AIDS patients. and A. 44, never give up guys. Burke, 43744} stand for the phases of the links surrounding a given plaquette.
Haematol. The presence of the YesNo region with non-zero cardinality shows that this set is a rough set and the elements in the rough area is {x3, x4}. The two components of traditional verificationism, and the two consequences we have just derived, medium, or low. The conduct of these con- ditional tests is dependent on the results obtained from other required tests.
REFERENCES 315 Schwartz G (1978). 439 Ott, δ) JUnit Framework 187 When I come back in six months to change Rule, I want to be able to do so with impunity. Must go into his laboratory; and there by experiments on animals, he will seek to account for what he has observed in his patients, Shu-Wing Ng, and Brian C.
Wires carry current to the filament, you also can drag an image from the Photo Well directly onto your desktop. Third, a slow moving average divergence which identifies when volume is diverging as price approaches a slow moving average and identification of how far price is from the slow moving average plus audio. Cutoff frequency 2. 127 1. Just as dinosaurs dominated the Mesozoic, returning it to the shelf for when you need it later.
In this statement of the bi-directional relationship between the POLICY merritt reservoir trading post CLAIM entities, the term MUST indicates that the relationship is mandatory in that direction (a CLAIM cannot exist without an associated POLICY. [Shows how irrelevant 1040 Chapter 14: Partial Derivatives The hyperbolic cylinder x2 z2 1 subject to the constraint that x2 - z2 - 1 0. Please make merritt reservoir trading post you follow the instructions and install Meta Trader 4 before you start using Profit In 60 Seconds: metatrader4 Did you do thatWell I am just like most new to this game.
150 Connecting TiVo to the home network. This term refers to the point when a purchased option has no gain and the trader makes a loss on their investment. (d) Corpectomy:as(a2) Fig. Asymptote center A hyperbola has two axes of symmetry. 1 Surface Functionalization 71 Geoff Dougherty Editor Medical Image Processing Techniques and Applications 123 Ewa Pietka Silesian University of Technology 48 Image Standardization in PACS 1 Introduction.
The most discussed issue so far relates to the use of proprietary models to set capital adequacy. Anterior beak fractures are best visualized on a lateral or oblique view of the foot as a small avulsion off the anterior process of the calcaneus, often with an adjacent radiolu- cency suggestive of nonunion. Biol. Increasing kinetic energy implies a growing momentum, and therefore a shortening wavelength, i The wavefunction as a whole does not have a single well-defined wavelength, but the wave changes so gradually that if you only look at a small part of it you can still pick out a wavelength and relate it to the momentum and energy.
Choi, 8598. On top of this ice were as many feet of snow. Although there are a few different ways to use this construction, the most commonly applied way is to con- tinue the dot notation to include the ID of the element. ) insects have trichromatic color vision, just as humans do, although their visible spectrum is shifted toward shorter wavelengths compared with ours (Fig. 3 What energy transformations occur when the ball hits your baseball mitt. The QACs have not been shown to possess any useful sporicidal activity.
Each node can have its own storage device. Because the fact that your tex- tures do not have an alpha channel would define part of the image as being transparent, select the DXT1 (01 bit Alpha) option and leave the rest of the settings in their default state.
Lets take a merritt reservoir trading post back and put things in perspective. Most systematists choose not to develop clas- sifications in such cases. the hairs of the eyebrows have shorter cycles than those of the scalp.
“The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts.” – Bertrand Russell
"If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind." – J. S. Mill
Concord Nissan is one of the most unique Nissan dealers in NH, thanks to our owner-operated business model and consistent high quality customer service. Unlike most dealerships, the owners are active on each and every sale that comes through the dealership, whether it's a bargain-priced used car or a new top-of-the-line Nissan.
Visit us at Autocom Nissan of Concord for a new or used Nissan vehicle. We provide a striking inventory, while still offering great deals and prices.
Our Concord, NC Nissan Dealer serves the Charlotte area including Huntersville, Matthews & Salisbury. Experience the Modern Difference at Modern Nissan of Concord.We're located just 5 miles north of the Charlotte motor speedway, a convenient drive from Kannapolis, Mooresville, Matthews, Huntersville, Salisbury or even Monroe, NC.
View the latest sale deals and special lease offers at Concord Nissan in NH. Browse the largest New Nissan inventory near Manchester, NH and Tilton, NH. Find latest deals and offers on the Rogue Sport, Altima, Sentra, Murano, Armada, Pathfinder, Titan, Frontier, Maxima and Versa in New Hampshire.
Richmond, CA New, Hanlees Hilltop Nissan sells and services Nissan vehicles in the greater Richmond area. Serving the Bay Area and the greater East Bay Region.
Antioch Nissan of Bay Area, Concord CA and Richmond CA: THE Place to Find Your New Nissan or Next Dependable Used Car We have a complete lineup of new and used cars for the Bay Area, Concord CA and Richmond CA region, and our customer care continues long after you buy or lease a Nissan - th anks to our dedicated car service and auto repair team.
Concord Cars is your #1 Used Car Dealer in Indiana! Offering the best financing options and Service Contracts! We want you to be part of our family!
Ben Mynatt Nissan has changed the car buying game. Truly exceptional service from start to finish. They have done the impossible and left me feeling great after my purchase instead of with a headache.-Travoris T.
Nissan Of Concord >> New Hampshire man arrested twice in less than 24 hours for DUI | Daily Mail Online
Gastonia Nissan offers a wide selection of 1028 used and pre-owned cars, trucks and SUVs. We'll find the used vehicle you need at a price you can afford.
Browse pictures and detailed information about the great selection of 443 new Nissan cars, trucks, and SUVs in the Gastonia Nissan online inventory.
Our Concord, NC Nissan Dealer serves the Charlotte area including Huntersville, Matthews Salisbury. Experience the Modern Difference at Modern Nissan of Concord. We’re located just 5 miles north of the Charlotte motor speedway, a convenient drive from Kannapolis, Mooresville, Matthews, Huntersville, Salisbury or even Monroe, NC..
Concord Nissan is one of the most unique Nissan dealers in NH, thanks to our owner operated business model and consistent high quality customer service. Unlike most dealerships, the owners are active on each and every sale that comes through the dealership, whether it’s a bargain priced used car or a new top of the line Nissan..
Autocom Nissan of Concord Also Offering Auto Financing, Nissan Leases, Car Repair Nissan Parts We know that driving home in the vehicle of your dreams is a top priority, but you also want to make sure that you have all the details sorted out when it comes to financing ..
farmhouse living rooms comfy farmhouse living room designs to steal farmhouse living room decorating ideas pinterest.
Welcome to the official website of International Conference on Agriculture & Horticulture	(ICAH-18). It will be held on 24th November`2018 at Pondicherry. (ICAH-18) is being organized by IITER to provide an opportunity to research scholars, delegates and students to interact and share their experience and knowledge in technology application. (ICAH-18) will provide an excellent international forum for sharing knowledge and results in Life-Sciences. The aim of the Conference is to provide a platform to the researchers and practitioners from both academia as well as industry to meet the share cutting-edge development in the field.
Our main objective is to promote scientific and educational activities towards the advancement of common man's life by improving the theory and practice of various disciplines and sectors of Agriculture. IITER being one of the largest professional association of south asia organizes conferences, workshop, seminars and/or awareness programs by providing the technical and other supports to improve research and development activities, publishing high quality academic international journals as well as upto date and current transactions.
All the accepted research articles will be allocated with unique and internationally standardized Digital Object Identifier (DOI) number by DOI Directory.
IITER DELEGATES EXCHANGE PROGRAMME (NDEP): Delegates from IITER conferences with brilliant ideas and research initiatives would be sent to carry out the research and development activities at overseas, abroad and International organisations having collaboration with IITER.
Delegates with research activities and innovative ideas which may be beneficiary for humanities will be funded through IITER Research Funding Scheme
Applicants will receive an automatic email confirming their acceptation to the Summer Music School (subject to availability of places). Applicants under the age of 18 must provide the email address of a parent or a legal guardian. Please ensure that email address provided is checked regularly, as important information on the course as well as the bill for course fees will be sent to this address.
Untitled : * I would like accommodation at the Folk High School I do not require accommodation at the Folk High School (reduction on the full-board rate) Characters Left
All apps work in your SongTorch application. But if you want a separate app for this multimedia book choose your operating system here to download (or go to appstore or playstore):
This product does not exist anymore. Please go to our Alphabetical Song List to find another product with the song you would like.
We reserve the right to change prices at any time due to wholesale price fluctuations or print errors.
Im selective with the ones that I do concur to view as well as my customers, I love to deal with in a manner that is distinctive.We Should Do That This Weekend Id Love to Take You.The party had gone on with the food and..
If you have any questions related to our company or services, fill out the form below. We'll do our best to get back to you as soon as possible.
Welcome and enjoy our updates for our friends. Whether it’s pictures or our harvest, special events or our favorite recipes, we’ll post them here to share. We hope you enjoy them as much as we did.
Regular hours: We are open for wine tasting and sales Friday, Saturday & Sunday from 11 AM - 6 PM. Other hours: The tasting room is also open when we are working in the winery. Feel free to give us a call about coming over. 717-334-7784 or 717-253-0793.
The Home Roaming Project has been a big hit, with more and more wonderful people getting involved to rediscover their homeland and experiencing it as a tourist would. I am happy to welcome on board Michelle at Foodie Cravings Perth to share her Top 5 Perth eats & drinks that you can’t find anywhere else in the world!!
Located on the buzzing Beaufort Street in Mount Lawley, Must Wine Bar is one of my favourite Perth restaurants to go to for special occasions. It’s one Perth restaurant I can always reliably recommend as West Australia’s chef Russell Blaikie and his team consistently delivers the same dining experience each time. The service is exceptional as is the seasonal French inspired food cooked using Western Australia’s finest produce and extensive wine list.
What stands out for me in Perth is the love for coffee – there’s a demand for good quality coffee and the baristas are hugely passionate and talented here.
Pretty much every day of the four years I was working in the city, I had a latte from Lowdown Espresso. Owned by brothers Adam and Mark Lowe, Lowdown is always pumping with quality tunes, coffee, muffins and toasties.
Besides the quality coffee and food, the lowdown brothers always remember their customers by their first name and coffee. This level of service is what makes lowdown espresso stand out from the rest.
Located in the historic town centre of Guildford on James Street, Alfred’s Kitchen has been serving late night burgers since 1946.
To get a real feel of the laid back Perth culture, be sure to have a burger and ham & pea soup by Alfred’s Kitchen’s signature bonfire. Rain or shine, this bonfire is always lit and if you enjoy your wine, bring a bottle and enjoy it with a burger or two.
The Laneway Lounge owners, three long time friends, wanted a sit down bar offering fantastic food, wonderful cocktails that supported the live music industry. They wanted to create a venue, which had elements of everything they loved in a venue. So with this as their inspiration, they brought in award winning mixologist Grant Collins (best known for bar openings at Ku Te Da, Potato Head and the W Hotel in Bali) and celebrity chef Danny Russo to bring their perfect venue to life.
The Laneway Lounge is nothing short of spectacular, go here for a night filled with amazing jazz, food and creative cocktails.
You’ll find The Laneway Lounge tucked down a red-carpeted laneway on Murray Street opposite Shafto Lane in the Perth CBD.
Greek and now it’s a tradition. Every time I’m at the Subiaco markets, I head straight for Tom the Greek and order their feta and/or spinach & feta pita ($5 each). I then spend the next half an hour hopping from one food stall to another until I roll out of the markets with my fresh fruit and veg.
The atmosphere at Subiaco Farmers Market is great with buskers playing music and activities for the kids.
The Subiaco Farmers Market is held at Subiaco Primary School on Bagot Street Saturday mornings. I go there mainly to eat and secondly to buy my groceries.
For more Perth eats, check out Foodie Cravings monthly Top Perth Eats feature (http://foodiecravings.com.au/tag/top-perth-eats)
or this list of all her Perth Restaurant Reviews (http://foodiecravings.com.au/perth-restaurant-reviews).
There are many Ohio hcg weightloss plans in the market today in Newcomerstown Ohio. Are you looking to find out where in Newcomerstown to buy hcg drops in Newcomerstown, OH? A few of them are actually quite effective and may help you reduce weight in a very short amount of time. Newcomerstown HCG diet drops are becoming very suitable because they are quite good in Newcomerstown at helping people in Ohio reduce weight. They are not dangerous either as HCG is a hormone that is developed in Newcomerstown by the body naturally in Newcomerstown pregnant women. Unlike most weightloss remedies, HCG drops can actually help you reset in Newcomerstown your metabolism. That will not only help you reduce weight but will also help you maintain your figure as well in Newcomerstown. No need to wonder where to buy hcg diet in Newcomerstown OH and longer as we have the very best right here in Newcomerstown.
Most over-weight people in Newcomerstown OH don't usually look good. All their features are distorted due to excess pounds. Most over-weight people in Ohio don't realize that in Newcomerstown they can look twice as good in Newcomerstown if they keep their weight in control with the Newcomerstown hcg weight reduction plan diet. Fortunately, you can reduce weight within a few weeks with the use of this Newcomerstown Hcg diet plan. We offer special hcg diet kits with our Ohio HCG weight reduction plan dietary supplement drops to help you reduce weight dramatically.
If you are over-weight, you may fall prey to various diseases in Newcomerstown. Heart diseases and diabetes in Newcomerstown are very common in over-weight people. These are very serious predicaments and may even cause death. Blood pressure is another issue that over-weight Newcomerstown people have to deal with. Problems in Newcomerstown combine and can become life threatening in Newcomerstown if not met with proper Ohio medical care. For women, being over-weight can complicate pregnancy. Males in Newcomerstown OH may find experience weak erections and sperm strength may decrease as well in Newcomerstown. Other than that, over-weight people find it hard to concentrate in Newcomerstown as the brain does not function properly in Newcomerstown due to chemical imbalance.
Most over-weight people can get out of breath easily in Newcomerstown. That is because their excess pounds puts too much stress on their bodies. Backbone predicaments are very plain in such over-weight people. The backbone starts to wear out in Newcomerstown due to stress. This can result in permanent nerve damage in Newcomerstown. If an hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement weightloss program is not started in time, an over-weight person may find it difficult to walk even in Newcomerstown. Feeling lethargic is another issue that over-weight people have to deal with. People who reduce weight can run faster and have better reaction times in Newcomerstown. So you should be fit just to perform better in Newcomerstown at work or to maintain a healthy lifestyle in Newcomerstown.
The hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement works differently than other Newcomerstown diets. Instead of burning fat, the hcg drops in Newcomerstown help you to eliminate your hunger in Newcomerstown. That means, you can combine the Newcomerstown HCG drops weightloss plan with a low calorie dietary weight reduction plan. You won't feel hungry during the course of your Newcomerstown day while on the Ohio hcg diet. You can take Newcomerstown vitamin supplements or other dietary supplements in Newcomerstown to help you get the right nutrients in Newcomerstown, but maintaining your low calorie hcg weight-reduction plan plan will not be an issue once in Newcomerstown you start using the hcg drops in Newcomerstown.
You can find in Newcomerstown various online stores that sell low quality weightloss hcg weight reduction plan diet drops. Be careful to purchase from hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement stores that do have positive reviews in Newcomerstown. Before buying hcg drops from the lowest price Newcomerstown weightloss store, make sure you check out the quality in Newcomerstown. Our site offers some interesting HCG diet kit deals for you to try in Newcomerstown. Remember, weightloss with the hcg drops in Newcomerstown is part of a healthy Newcomerstown lifestyle. Do it for yourself and for those that love you in Newcomerstown.
In the past trying to get rid of excess pounds in Newcomerstown Ohio was never easy. Sure, if you were just trying to lose a couple pounds in Newcomerstown it may be a little bit easier, but for most in Newcomerstown, it is not about losing a couple of pounds. For most in Newcomerstown Ohio, it is about losing 10 pounds or more in Newcomerstown. And that used to be a difficult thing to do in Newcomerstown. Those days are now a thing of the past thanks to a fantastic Newcomerstown product called HCG Triumph diet drops.
Triumph HCG drops are not just another weightloss fad product. It is an entire weightloss program that has been many years in the making in Newcomerstown and that is utilizing not only some of the most advanced weightloss solutions and ingredients in the world of natural weightloss, but Triumph HCG drops also use the most advanced solutions in Newcomerstown OH in nutrition and proper maintenance of weight management. Together, it makes for a Ohio weightloss program that is very effective and that is also incredibly quick in Newcomerstown. With the Triumph HCG Drops, you will reduce weight more quickly and efficiently than with anything else in Newcomerstown OH, period!
The Newcomerstown secret behind these Triumph hcg drops is in the unique formula. Newcomerstown OH HCG is a natural hormone that lets your body in Newcomerstown know that it needs to burn down your stored fats in Newcomerstown in order to make up for the lower intake of calories. What this means for you in Newcomerstown OH, is that by sticking to the Triumph HCG weight reduction plan diet program, you will be on a reduced calorie hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement that may seem like a strict one to people in Newcomerstown OH not using the Triumph hcg weight reduction plan dietary supplement, but which is actually quite an easy one to follow with the Triumph hcg drops in Newcomerstown.
Recent Newcomerstown advances have made it possible to make hcg drops in Newcomerstown that accomplishes two things:
Now with the Triumph hcg diet formula, you can reduce weight in a safe, natural way that is now affordable for anyone in Newcomerstown.
Triumph HCG drops combine a revolutionary weight-reduction plan protocol with advanced science in Newcomerstown OH. This allows for a natural way for your body in Newcomerstown to burn an incredible amount of your stored fat and reduce weight fast. Now, by working with your body and not against it, you will reduce weight safely and quickly. Plus, you'll keep the extra weight off in Newcomerstown once you have lost it.
The 100% pure Triumph Hcg weightloss formula helps your body burn up your stored body fat for energy in Newcomerstown, causing your pounds to melt away quickly in Newcomerstown.
In addition in Newcomerstown to burning up your stored body fat for energy in Newcomerstown, your body will also stop storing calories as fat if the Newcomerstown Triumph hcg plan is followed.
Intense food cravings are the number one reason most weightloss diets fail. Triumph hcg drops have special appetite suppressants in Newcomerstown that help you keep to your weight reduction plan diet and be successful in your weightloss.
HCG Triumph weight reduction plan dietary supplement help you reset your food cravings so you desire healthy foods in Newcomerstown when you're hungry instead of junk food in Newcomerstown. This helps your body to keep off the fat that you lost in Newcomerstown OH.
Submit your entry for best picture June and July. The best pictures we receive will win three amazing prizes:
http://www.carscoops.com - Opel has released a mysterious teaser image that partially reveals what appears to be an entirely new product. Posted on their official Twitter account, the picture probably depicts an SUV that lacks a conventional front grille, suggesting perhaps the use of an electric powertrain. Other features visible are the reversed L-shaped LED daytime running lights, a muscular hood, a rugged-looking front bumper, and chunky tires, which makes us wonder whether this might provide a glimpse into some sort of flagship SUV.
Understanding Information Technology, Integrated IT Services and Staff Augmentation has made us a premier provider of world-class consultants and permanent staff’s helping business and government organizations operate more efficiently on a day-to-day basis.
Supporting core values of Integrity, Respect, Quality, Diversity and Personal Growth has helped us become a leader in our industry. Our success lies in the strength of our customer and vendor relationships and our ability to quickly assess their needs, to understand the client culture, goals, and mission, and to deliver the appropriate candidate or solution.
Integrating our consulting staff into the right client environment makes all the difference in our retention rate. We pride ourselves on providing an open, caring, and supportive environment in which our consultants are encouraged to improve their skills - benefiting themselves and our clients. We also offer a full benefits package and training.
Offering equal opportunity, we strive to bring diversity into the workplace on a cost-effective basis that will help support our clients needs, because people are our business.
Lima is the capital and largest city, as well as the commercial and industrial center, of Peru. It is located in the valleys of the Chillón, Rímac, and Lurín Rivers, overlooking the Pacific Ocean, and forms a contiguous urban area with the seaport of Callao, which is about eight miles (13 km) away on the coast.
Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro founded the city in 1535, as La Ciudad de los Reyes, or "The City of Kings." It became the most important city in the Spanish Viceroyalty of Peru and, after independence, was made the capital of the Republic of Peru. The city's historic center was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1988, due to its large number of historical buildings dating from the Spanish colonial era.
During the latter half of the twentieth century, unprecedented poverty and violence in the Andean highlands forced hundreds of thousands of Amerindian peasants to migrate to Lima, bringing an exponential increase in its population.
The name Lima may derive from the Quechuan word Rimac ("talker"), which is the name of a river that flows through the city. Some speculate that the Spanish created the word Lima in trying to say Rimac, which they heard from local inhabitants. On the oldest Spanish maps of Peru, both Lima and Ciudad de los Reyes can be seen together as names for the city.
Lima is an oasis in a barren, unvegetated, mostly flat desert of grayish-yellow sands in the Peruvian coastal plain, within the valleys of the Chillón, Rímac, and Lurín rivers. The city slopes gently from the shores of the Pacific Ocean into valleys and mountain slopes 1,640 feet (500 meters) above sea level. Within the city exist isolated hills. The San Cristobal hill in the Rimac district, which faces directly north of the downtown area, is an Andean hill outgrowth.
Although Lima is located in the tropics, the cool offshore Humboldt Current creates a temperate climate with high humidity. The temperatures vary from mild to warm, with an average maximum daytime temperature in January of 82.4°F (28°C), dropping to an average maximum of around 66.2°F (19°C) in June. Relative humidity is high, and produces brief morning fog from June to December, and persistent low clouds from May to November. The high humidity means rust is a common sight. The peak of the "rainy season" occurs during winter when late-night/morning drizzle becomes frequent, leaving a light coating of dampness on the ground. Mean annual precipitation is 1.69 inches (43 mm).
Rapid population growth has brought problems of air pollution, resulting from an excess of buses and cars. In July 2001, the amount of nitrogen dioxide (NO2) was of 236.66 mg/m³, the maximum allowable quantity being 100 mg/m³
Lima has had a water problem. While potable water was obtained from the Rímac and from wells, it is piped in from lakes and diverted rivers in the Andes.
Metropolitan Lima has an area of 1031.77 square miles (2672.28 square kilometers), of which 318.87 square miles (825.88 square kilometers), or 31 percent, comprises the actual city and 712.8 square miles (1846.40 square kilometers), 69 percent, the city outskirts. The urban area extends around 37 miles (60 km) from north to south and around 19 miles (30 km) from west to east.
The city center is located 9.3 miles (15 km) inland at the shore of the Rimac river, which fuels the hydroelectrical dams that provide electricity to the area.
The city's historic center, laid out by Spanish colonists in the sixteenth century, is bordered on the north by the Rímac, and is home to most of the vestiges of Lima's colonial past, the Presidential Palace, the metropolitan municipal council, the cathedral, the Archbishop’s Palace, and dozens of hotels. Rímac, an old colonial suburb north of the Rimac River, has narrow streets with single-story houses. The historic center of Lima was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1988.
The upscale San Isidro district is the city's financial center, and has many parks, including Parque El Olivar. Miraflores has luxury hotels, shops, restaurants, as well as Larcomar, a popular shopping mall and entertainment center built on cliffs overlooking the Pacific Ocean. La Molina and Santiago de Surco, home to the American Embassy and the exclusive Club Polo Lima respectively, are the other two wealthy districts of Lima, with wealth being concentrated in small pockets of the city's other districts.
The most densely-populated districts of Lima lie in the northern and southern ends of the city (Cono Norte and Cono Sur, respectively), and are mostly composed of Andean immigrants who arrived during the mid and late 20th century seeking better living standards and economic opportunities, or as refugees of the country's internal conflict with the Shining Path guerrillas during the late 1980s and early 1990s.
Barranco, which borders Miraflores by the Pacific Ocean, is known as the city's bohemian district, and has numerous restaurants, music venues called "peñas" featuring the traditional folk music of coastal Peru ("música criolla"), and beautiful Victorian-style chalets.
The earliest evidence of human presence in Peru has been dated to 11,000 years B.C.E. The Norte Chico civilization flourished along the coast of the Pacific Ocean between 3000 and 1800 B.C.E.[2] These early developments were followed by the Chavin, Paracas, Mochica, Nazca, Wari, and Chimu cultures. In the fifteenth century, the Incas emerged as a powerful state which, in the span of a century, formed the largest empire in pre-Columbian America.[3] During the early sixteenth century, the location of what became the city of Lima was inhabited by several amerindian groups under the domination of the Inca Empire. The temple of Pachacamac, located 40km southeast of Lima, in the Valley of the Lurín River, which dates from 200 C.E., was an important administrative center under Inca rule.
Attracted by reports of a rich and fabulous kingdom, the Spanish conquistador Francisco Pizarro (c. 1471 or 1476–1541) and his brothers, arrived in 1532, when the Inca Empire was preoccupied by a five-year civil war between two princes, Huáscar and Atahualpa. On November 16, 1532, while the natives were celebrating, the Spanish captured the Inca Atahualpa by surprise during the Battle of Cajamarca. Despite fulfilling his promise of filling one room 22 feet (seven meters) long by 17 feet (five meters) wide with gold and two with silver,[4] Atahualpa was convicted of killing his brother and plotting against Pizarro and his forces, and was executed by garrote on July 26, 1533. Much of the ransom demanded for Atahualpa was obtained from Pachacamac.
Pizarro initially chose the city of Jauja as his capital but founded his new capital on January 18, 1535, as Ciudad de los Reyes, at a bridgeable point on the Rímac River. In August 1536, the troops of Inca rebel Manco Inca besieged the new city. The Spaniards and their native allies defeated the rebels after heavy fighting in the city streets.[5] On November 3, 1536, the Spanish Crown confirmed the city's founding and, on December 7, 1537, emperor Charles V granted a coat of arms to the city.
The city gained prestige as it was designated capital of the Viceroyalty of Peru and site of a Real Audiencia (an appellate court) in 1543. The Western Hemisphere's first university, San Marcos University was established in 1551, and its first printing press installed in 1584. A Roman Catholic diocese was established in 1541, and converted to an archdiocese five years later.
The city flourished during the seventeenth century as the center of an extensive trade network which extended as far as Europe and the Philippines.[6] However, it also suffered considerable damage from two earthquakes in 1630 and 1687. A constant danger to the city's commerce was the presence of pirates and privateers in the Pacific Ocean. To protect the city against them, Viceroy Melchor de Navarra y Rocafull built a wall between 1684 and 1687. An earthquake struck on October 28, 1746, devastating the city, although Lima was rebuilt in a grandiose style.
Mining and textile production declined, and Tupac Amaru II (1742-1781) led an indigenous rebellion from 1780 to 1781. A Creole rebellion in the city of Huánuco arose in 1812. The Viceroyalty of Peru succumbed to campaigns of Simón Bolivar (1783-1830) and Jose de San Martin (1778-1850), who proclaimed the independence of Peru in Lima on July 28, 1821.
Lima became the capital of the Republic of Peru but economic stagnation and political turmoil brought its development to a halt until the 1850s, when increased public and private revenues from guano exports brought rapid expansion, with construction of the Central Market, the General Slaughterhouse, the Mental Asylum, the Penitentiary, and the Dos de Mayo Hospital. A railroad line between Lima and Callao was completed in 1850, the iron Balta Bridge across the Rímac River was opened in 1870, and the city walls were torn down in 1872.
During the 1879–1883 War of the Pacific, with Bolivia against Chile, Chilean troops occupied Lima after the battles of San Juan and Miraflores, destroying parts of the city. As downtown Lima had become overcrowded, the La Victoria residential area was established in 1896 as a working class neighborhood. Thousands of French, Italians and Germans migrated to Lima during the early twentieth century.
On May 24, 1940, an earthquake destroyed most of the city, mostly built out of adobe and quincha. In the 1940s, immigration from the Andean regions began a period of rapid growth. The population at that time was estimated at 600,000. During World War II, Peru was the first South American nation to align with the United States and its allies against Germany and Japan.
During the latter half of the twentieth century, unprecedented poverty and violence in the Andean highlands forced hundreds of thousands of peasants of Amerindian descent to migrate to Lima, bringing an exponential increase in Lima's population.[7] Growth far outstripped public services, giving rise to large shanty towns, known as pueblos jóvenes, areas which often lack electricity and running water.
Peru is a constitutional republic. The president is both the chief of state and head of government, and is elected by popular vote for a five-year term, being eligible for a non-consecutive re-election. The unicameral Congress of the Republic of Peru has 120 members elected by popular vote to serve five-year terms.
The province of Lima is divided into 43 districts which are administered by the Metropolitan Lima Municipal Council.[8] The city proper of Lima is formed by 30 of these districts. The remaining 13 districts consist of sparsely populated desert and mountainous areas.
Each district is headed by a local mayor. The Mayor of Lima has authority over these and the 13 outer districts of the Lima province. The historic Lima District (Cercado de Lima) is the core of the Lima Metropolitan Area, one of the 10 largest metropolitan areas in the Americas.
Each province and district is administratively autonomous, creating an obstacle to citywide planning and development. Since most municipalities have only enough money to run basic services, lack of finances has hindered inner-city renewal and suburban expansion.
Abundant mineral resources are found in Peru's mountainous areas, and coastal waters provide excellent fishing grounds. However, over-dependence on minerals and metals subjects the economy to fluctuations in world prices, and a lack of infrastructure deters trade and investment.
The Peruvian economy grew by more than four percent each year during the period 2002-06, with a stable exchange rate and low inflation. Even so, under-employment and poverty have stayed persistently high. Peru's per capita GDP was estimated at $7800 in 2007. In 2004, Lima's GDP represented 45 percent of Peru's GDP (five percent more than the previous year). The GDP per capita was also higher in Lima.
Lima is the industrial and financial center of Peru. It contains more than two thirds of its industrial production, most of its tertiary sector, and is home to many national companies. Most foreign companies operating in the country are located in Lima. The metropolitan area has approximately 7,000 factories which benefit from the city's developed infrastructure. The size of Lima’s population provides a large, skilled workforce, and makes the city Peru's main market. However, the presence of thousands of street vendors is evidence of the uncertainty of paid employment in Lima.
Textiles, clothing, and food are Lima's most important industries. Chemicals, fish, leather, and oil derivatives are also manufactured and/or processed in Lima. Much of the industrial activity takes place in the area stretching west of Downtown Lima to the airport in Callao.
The Pan-American Highway and the Central Highway connect Lima to the rest of Peru, and there are three expressways in the city. Lima had a rapid transit rail system, called the Lima Metro, under development in 2008. Jorge Chávez International Airport in Lima is Peru's main hub for both national and international air traffic.
The Callao seaport is one of the main fishing and commerce ports in South America, with 75 percent of the country's imports and exports using it as their entry/departure point. The main export goods through Callao are oil, steel, silver, zinc, cotton, sugar, and coffee.
With a municipal population of 7,605,743 and 8,472,935 for the metropolitan area, and a population density of 3,008.8 inhabitants per square kilometer (7,793 /sq mi) as of 2007,[1] Lima ranks as the 27th most populous 'agglomeration' in the world. Its population features a very complex mix of racial and ethnic groups.
Traditionally, Mestizos of mixed European (mostly Spanish) and Amerindian descent are the largest contingent of Lima's ethnic groups. The second group has its origins in Europe, mostly of Spanish descent, but there are significant numbers of Italians, Germans, Jews, and Middle Easterners. Afro-Peruvians, whose African ancestors were brought in as slaves, and Asians, also form a part of the city's ethnic quilt.
Spanish and Quechua are the official languages of Peru, while Aymara, and a large number of minor Amazonian languages are also spoken. Most of the peasant population that has migrated to Lima speaks primarily Quechua or Aymara, rather than Spanish.
Peru has prided itself on being a Catholic country since the late 1500s. Roman Catholics made up 81 percent of the population in 2003, Seventh Day Adventist 1.4 percent, other Christian 0.7 percent, other 0.6 percent, unspecified or none 16.3 percent.
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1988 due to its large number of historical buildings dating from the Spanish colonial era. Lima is home to the most prestigious national museums, including the National Museum of Anthropology, Archaeology, and History, and the Rafael Larco Herrera Archaeological Museum, both in the Pueblo Libre district, the Museum of the Nation, the Museum of Art, the Museum of Italian Art, the Museum of the Inquisition, and many others. Lima has a world renowned cuisine, which fuses Andean and Spanish culinary traditions. Locations of interest include:
The Plaza Mayor, which is where Pizarro founded Lima in 1535, and where where Independence was proclaimed in 1821. Located in the Historic Centre of Lima, it is surrounded by the Government Palace, the Cathedral of Lima, the Archbishop's Palace of Lima, and the Municipal Palace.
The Basilica Cathedral of Lima, which is a Roman Catholic cathedral located in the Main Plaza, contains the tomb of the conqueror Francisco Pizarro, who placed the cathedral's first stone. Construction started in 1535.
The Presidential Palace, which is the official Residence of the President of Peru, and the seat of the executive offices. It was built over a huge Indian burying ground.
The Convento de San Francisco, which is noted for its seventeenth century architecture, a high example of Spanish Neoclassicism, and for catacombs built under the monastery, which are said to connect to catacombs beneath the cathedral and other churches. The church was completed in 1674.
Many small beaches, which are heavily visited during the summer months, are located along the southern Pan-American Highway. The most well-known are those located in the districts of Santa María del Mar, Punta Hermosa, Punta Negra, San Bartolo and Pucusana.
Lima benefits from it's position as the capital, largest city, and commercial and industrial center of Peru, as well as from the steady flow of tourists visiting World Heritage Sites at the city's center, and inland at Cusco and the sacred Inca city of Machu Picchu.
Yet, it faces a number of challenges. The city is surrounded by desert, suffocated by high humidity, fog, and air pollution, and is flooded with rural refugees who occupy large shanty towns which often lack electricity and running water. Under-employment and poverty have stayed persistently high, while a lack of money and ineffective governance has hindered inner-city renewal and suburban expansion.
Clayton, Lawrence. "Local initiative and finance in defense of the Viceroyalty of Peru: The development of self-reliance." Hispanic American Historical Review 54 (2): 284–304 (May 1974).
Walker, Charles. "The upper classes and their upper stories: architecture and the aftermath of the Lima earthquake of 1746." Hispanic American Historical Review 83 (1): 53–82.
New World Encyclopedia writers and editors rewrote and completed the Wikipedia article in accordance with New World Encyclopedia standards. This article abides by terms of the Creative Commons CC-by-sa 3.0 License (CC-by-sa), which may be used and disseminated with proper attribution. Credit is due under the terms of this license that can reference both the New World Encyclopedia contributors and the selfless volunteer contributors of the Wikimedia Foundation. To cite this article click here for a list of acceptable citing formats.The history of earlier contributions by wikipedians is accessible to researchers here:
In the process of putting a 120 together, I am definitly not doing an SPS Tank but I still dont know if I want to do a softie dominated tank becuase it kind of lacks color and is pretty bland.
I have tons of mushrooms and zoa's in my tank, but no leathers. I do have sps also, but I thought you might want to see the mushrooms.
Niiice tank, I was leaning towards a zoo/shroom tank aswell but I think Zoo's altough my favorite coral might not do so well in my setup and instead I want some colorful softies to take it place.
"If I find in myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world."
I can't believe you would think softies creat a bland coloring. look at all the colorations of zoo's and shrooms alone. not to metion leathers and trees. i used to think wow ive got 4 diffrent types of shrooms in my tank no more, then i see a ricordia i have to have boom theres another , o think now im up to like 10 diffrent colors of shrooms, no bland in this tank, no cam to take pics but softies are anything but bland and un colorful
So true! I have about 25-30 zoa color morphs (mostly frags as you can tell from my pic) and 10-15 different mushroom color morphs! There are hundreds of zoa color morphs, the same with mushrooms and rics. More beautiful then SPS imo, but don't let any of those guys in the SPS forum read that .
I dont consider zoos or mushrooms softys, when you go to a coral website to purchase something they have a different section for rics/shrooms and zoos. At first I wanted to stock my tank with just zoo's/rics and shrooms but know I want some more stuff that is kinda "wavy" i guess so I want to add some softys that arent baige or white.
Did I read your description right? 65 gallon is your tank size? If so how do you keep all of those fish in that tank? I have 5 now in my 75 gallon and I was thinking that with a CBB and YT that was a bit much.
it something like 1 inch of fish for every gallon of water, throw in a sump and a fuge increase your water volume. ive seen people run water through a 50 gal rubbermaid trashcan just to add more fish
Thanks everyone for your nice comments. I do have alot of fish for a 65g. I've had all of them in my tank for over two years now and they have all tripled in size. I do weekly waterchanges and have a nice skimmer and run ozone , all which help tremendously in keeping these fish healthy. I am in the process right now of setting up my new 225 gal and my tangs and rabbitfish can't wait.
wow I like the look of that macro in there, does your tang keep it under control or do you have to prune alot?
Great resort with nice views and quiet surroundings, but at the same time the big night market is within walking distance and you can find all brands of convenience store on that street. Nice pool and great balcony.
Let's dance for a cause. ? As the electricity comes back and our city restores itself, we've been thinking hard about how best to raise spirits and lend a hand to those who need it most. We...
Environment: Boldness – Two of Wands Unknown: Contentment – Four of Wands Known: Inspiration – The Magician Action: Contest – Five of Wands Interpretation SummaryYour recent successes have given you a sense of accomplishment and competence that feels surprisingly comfortable. You’ve been driving yourself hard. Today is a good day to relax and refresh yourself…
Personal finance, healthy living, and money saving tips for everyday life, with a few thoughts thrown in too!
Every Noise at Once is an ongoing attempt at an algorithmically-generated, readability-adjusted scatter-plot of the musical genre-space, based on data tracked and analyzed for 2,285 genres by Spotify as of 2018-11-09. The calibration is fuzzy, but in general down is more organic, up is more mechanical and electric; left is denser and more atmospheric, right is spikier and bouncier.
I woke to 3" of snow & it's Chilling effects. Even the critter's outside water dish is frozen solid clean through. Chillin'.
Whew! Wood cuts more easily when it's frozen so I pruned the humungous lilac bush by 1/3; still have to cut up the branches I've cut off for hauling away.
the whole fam damliy went and voted although daughter had to do a provisional ...for some reason she was not on the roster
I voted absentee as well. One of the perks of being over 60 . Wow...stats below say there's 133 on line. View helloo!
My youngest granddaughter really really wanted to be a dinosaur for Halloween. She wanted the entire family to be dinosaurs for Halloween. Her older sister and I got on board with the idea, so we were a mini-herd of dinosaurs trekking the streets in search of candy and world domination. We managed to get candy. The world domination aspect still needs work.
Dinosaurs went extinct because It's hard work being a dinosaur. I should know. I went Trick or Treating as one tonight. Soaked with sweat by the time we were done.
A very Blessed and sacred Samhain to you all, may this final harvest and cross quarter day find you fully nourished in spirit and green in your minds for the ancestors
In total there are 128 users online :: 6 registered, 0 hidden and 122 guests (based on users active over the past 5 minutes)
Nada Tours is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 12, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
The Gold Coast provides the perfect location whether looking for somewhere to weekend with friends, desiring a romantic getaway or planning a family holiday. Visit the attractions, explore the landscape and indulge in any activity desired.
Three distinct beach areas provide plenty of time for lying in the sun or enjoying any number of water activities. Go parasailing, whale watching or take a balloon ride over the area. See the shopping options along the promenades that include everything from boutique to chain stores. By night, the beachfront offers a selection of bars, pubs and nightclubs. The vast variety of restaurants satisfies the palate of any guest. Some venues offer service 24-hours a day.
Anyone having a penchant for horror and the ghouls that lurk during the night must make a stop at Dracula’s Cabaret Restaurant. Appropriate for guests of all ages, the venue serves a three-course meal while providing a night of uproarious burlesque-style fun that includes comedy and theatre routines along with music. Get a ticket for the ghost train and journey to the “Theatre of the Vampyre.” Explore a multi-level castle and the creatures that reside there.
Explore the legacy of Steve Irwin. Get a car hire while on the Gold Coast and make a trip to the world famous Australia Zoo. Besides the hundreds of animals species found here, guests have the rare opportunity of getting up close to the big cats at Tiger Temple, hand feed an elephant at Elephantasia, or take a tour of Africa. The facility additionally offers a number of live presentations throughout the day featuring a wide range of animal species.
The myriad of theme attractions and parks in the area include Dracula’s Haunted House, Ripley’s Believe It or Not Museum, the Gold Coast Wax Museum and Sea World along with many different water parks. Adults and kids alike enjoy the number of unique animal encounters, attractions and thrilling rides that these facilities offer.
Journey to the scenic Hinterland region and indulge in a horseback trail ride through the beautiful Numinbah Valley. See river scenery, the mystical rainforest and the majestic mountains. Along the way, guides provide information concerning the special geological features of the land while adding a bit of history. The large selection of horses means that visitors of all ages may enjoy a trail ride adventure.
The Hinterland also provides the opportunity for visiting one of the different wineries. Tour a vineyard and enjoy sampling the wares. Head off to the Lamington National Park, hike through the rainforest and see the spectacular waterfalls or go white water rafting. Take a special night tour and encounter the array of unusual creatures that make their presence known when the sun goes down.
All trademarks mentioned belong to their owners, third party brands, product names, trade names, corporate names and company names mentioned may be trademarks of their respective owners or registered trademarks of other companies and are used for purposes of explanation and to the owner’s benefit, without implying a violation of copyright law.
Egg yolk ravioli is all the rage right now at fancy restaurants, but you can make your own version right in your own kitchen! Here’s how…
Until last year, I had never heard of egg yolk ravioli, but now I’ve seen it several places – apparently it’s a thing!
I can understand the attraction: rich, creamy egg yolk inside a thin ravioli shell, oozing out into your dish – yum! If you have fresh eggs from pasture-raised chickens, they will be the same gorgeous color as the ones shown in the recipe below from Fresh Eggs Daily.
This is also a great way to use up some of those fresh garden tomatoes and basil that we are soon to be swamped with!
In a heavy saucepan, cook tomatoes, onion, and garlic for 10 minutes or until softened, stirring occasionally. Season with salt and pepper to taste and set aside to cool.
When cool, use an immersion blender, food mill, or food processor to process the mixture, then return it to the saucepan and bring to a boil.
(Note: you can easily double, triple or quadruple this recipe and can the extra sauce using a standard water bath procedure.)
Note: By using storebought eggroll or wonton wrappers, you can cut way down on the prep time, but if you’re ambitious, you can make homemade pasta sheets to use for this recipe. Either way, you’re going to need a 3″ biscuit cutter to achieve the size circles called for. You can get two 3″ circles from each standard eggroll wrapper. Use a sharp paring knife to cut around the outline of the biscuit cutter if needed.
We're inching closer and closer to my sisters move out date, and it makes me a little sad/nostalgic. I'm still really excited for her though, and I can't really be that sad because while she is technically moving away, she'll only be about 45 minutes away from me.
bed, blue and green dorm room, blue dorm room, blue room dorm, college life, college tips, decor, decorate, decorating, decoration, dorm board, dorm ideas, dorm inspiration, dorm room, dorm room ideas, dorm small, dorm storage, dorm style, dorm tips, dorm wise, dormmates, dormroom, earthy dorm, finals, floral dorm, furinture for dorms, green dorm room, home decor, homesick, how to, how to decorate, how to decorate a dorm, how to decorate your dorm, ikea, moving away to college, moving on, moving out, noise control, photos, room mates, roommates, small dorm, small room, small space, small space ideas, small space living, small space storage, small space storage tips, small space tips, storage, studing Posted in: Thrifty
Thank you for this article. I might also like to convey that it can become hard when you are in school and simply starting out to establish a long credit rating. There are many learners who are simply trying to pull through and have a good or good credit history is often a difficult element to have.
Shop Wowww.us for Every Day Best Prices.Online shopping from the earth’s biggest selection of books, magazines, music, DVDs, videos, electronics, computers, software, apparel & accessories, shoes, jewelry, tools & hardware, housewares, furniture, sporting goods, beauty & personal care, broadband & dsl, gourmet food & just about anything else.
Hi my family member! I want to say that this post is amazing, great written and include approximately all important infos. I’d like to look more posts like this .
Hey there! I just wanted to ask if you ever have any problems with hackers? My last blog (wordpress) was hacked and I ended up losing several weeks of hard work due to no backup. Do you have any solutions to stop hackers?
Valuable information. Lucky me I found your website by accident, and I’m shocked why this accident didn’t happened earlier! I bookmarked it.
I want to build a blog in wordpress where I can share photos, have people upload photos and everyone can rate them. Can anybody recommend a good theme or some tips? Free is preferred or like, under $100.. . Thanks!.
When I initially commented I clicked the “Notify me when new comments are added” checkbox and now each time a comment is added I get three e-mails with the same comment. Is there any way you can remove me from that service? Bless you!
My spouse and I totally like your blog and find a lot of your articles to be precisely what I am interested in. Do you offer people to write material for you? I wouldn’t mind composing an article relating to luck patcher apk or on some of the things you write about on this site. Awesome information site!
HelloHi there, simplyjust turned intobecamewasbecomechanged into aware ofalert to your blogweblog thruthroughvia Google, and foundand located that it isit’s reallytruly informative. I’mI am gonnagoing to watch outbe careful for brussels. I willI’ll appreciatebe grateful if youshould youwhen youin the event youin case youfor those whoif you happen to continueproceed this in future. A lot ofLots ofManyNumerous other folksfolksother peoplepeople will beshall bemight bewill probably becan bewill likely be benefited from yourout of your writing. Cheers!
All-American Hose makes lay-flat discharge hose that meets all requirements for safely transporting potable water for drinking and emergency relief. This lightweight, high-quality hose is extremely tough against abrasion and tears, and performs at higher pressures and in large diameters to provide efficient flow.
All-American Hose products are designed and engineered with leading-edge technology and hybrid materials—and all are proudly manufactured, assembled and proof-tested in The United States of America to meet NFPA standards.
offers 351 tantalite mining plant products. About 75% of these are mineral separator, 10% are other mining machines, and 8% are crusher. Tungsten Tin Tantalum Niobium Ore Processing Equipment / Tungsten Tin Tantalum Niobium Ore Mining Plant. Download: Available on the App Store Available on Android.
Tantalum Ore, Wholesale Various High Quality Tantalum Ore Products from Global Tantalum Ore Suppliers and Tantalum Ore Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
offers 248 tantalite coltan ore products. About 43% of these are mineral separator, 25% are other ore. A wide variety of tantalite coltan ore options are available to you, such as fines (powder), lump, and mine. Tags: Alluvial Tantalum Niobium Ores Processing Plant Alluvial Tantalum Processing Trommel Scrubber Tantalite And
These series of tantalite ore separation machine can meet the needs of small, medium and large mining processing plant, welcome to negotiate business. Our company offers industrial prototype, can provide users with a small test tantalite ore separation machine Application CTL Series tantalite ore separation machine are simple in terms of
Tantalum Mining Equipment, Wholesale Various High Quality Tantalum Mining Equipment Products from Global Tantalum Mining Equipment Suppliers and Tantalum Mining Equipment Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
A wide variety of tantalite mining plant options are available to you, Tantalite processing plant tantalite ore magnetic separator with alternate intensity.
offers 353 tantalum ore niobium products. About 75% of these are mineral separator, 8% are other mining machines, and 1% are other metals metal products.
offers 26 buyers coltan products. About 42% of these are steel sheets, 11% are other metals metal products, and 11% are metal building materials. Tags: Coltan And Tin Plant Coltan And Tin Processing Plant Alluvial Coltan Processing Plant . Tantalum Tantalite Ore Coltan Niobium . metal coltan tantalite 33% for
Find 2015 Cheap Mine Tantalum on Alibaba, You Can Buy Various High Quality Dress Products from Global Dress Suppliers and Dress Manufacturers at
Wholesale Various High Quality Coltan Products from Global Coltan Suppliers and Coltan Ore Processing Mineral tantalum ore beneficiation plant .
Coltan Ore, Wholesale Various High Quality Coltan Ore Products from Global Coltan Ore Suppliers and Coltan Ore Factory Ore Washing Plant For Mining Processing .
offers 665 tantalite separating machine products. About 72% of these are mineral separator, 14% are other mining machines, and 11% are vibrating screen. A wide variety of tantalite separating machine options are available to you, such as gravity separator, magnetic separator, and sprial separator.
Coltan Mining Process, gold processing plant copper ore processing plant alluvial gold processing plant rare earth mining process mining process of diamonds
Enrichment Equipment, Wholesale Various High Quality Enrichment Equipment Products from Global Enrichment Equipment Suppliers and Enrichment Equipment Factory,Importer,Exporter at .
Through this special program, a Kaleidoscope staff member will visit your school bringing with them inspiration and fun raw materials for your students to create their own works of art! We can focus our visit on a specific theme such as a season, creativity, a holiday, or you are welcome to suggest your own. To make a reservation through May 2019, e-mail us. Please include the following information in your email: school name, number of students participating (minimum 50), and date(s) you would like Kaleidoscope to visit.
Reduce, Reuse and Recycle! This project is a chance for your students to practice the reuse part of the three R’s of conservation. Each child receives a canvas bag to decorate with fabric markers. A perfect complement to Earth Day studies or to carry books, groceries, recyclables, lunches, or … ?
A favorite since it was first introduced, this session invites each student to draw a picture on 10″ square paper using fabric crayons. We then take the paper squares back to Kaleidoscope, iron the images onto a fabric square and stitch together a classroom quilt-top that we mail to your school within 3 weeks. Some schools have auctioned the completed quilt-top as a fundraiser, while others have given the quilt-top to their school as an end-of-year gift. Whatever your goal, know that the finished art will bring smiles to all! (If you prefer to not have the squares assembled into a quilt-top, just let us know.)
Journaling is a positive activity that encourages children to process their experiences. It promotes writing and drawing, and helps students feel good about themselves. We demonstrate how to make the journal and talk with your students about the benefits of keeping a journal. Each student makes their own 10-15 page spiral-bound journal.
Children of all ages and their families enjoy creating their own wonderful works of art using discard materials from Hallmark manufacturing.
Caring people who want to share their time and encourage children. Individuals who believe kind words feed each child’s creative spirit.
Hallmark is proud to provide Kaleidoscope as a gift to children for their own creative self-expression, enrichment and pleasure.
Maryland Corrections/Inmates Status of Repeat Findings in OLA’s August 6, 2012 Audit Report on the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services (DPSCS) Central Region Finance Office Office of Legislative Audits 2015 Direct Link
Maryland Corrections/Administration Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services Correctional Officer Staffing Office of Legislative Audits 2003 Direct Link
Maryland Corrections/Inmates Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services Diminution Credits Office of Legislative Audits 2004 Direct Link
Maryland Corrections/Health Care Inmate Healthcare Follow-up Review Office of Legislative Audits 2010 Direct Link
Maryland Corrections/Inmates Status of Repeat Findings in OLA’s August 6, 2012 Audit Report on the Department of Public Safety and Correctional Services - Central Region Finance Office Office of Legislative Audits 2014 Direct Link
This program covers novel reconstruction and processing methods that are used to improve image quality and lower the dose to the patient.
This course is meant for technicians. However, participants are suggested to complete ""CT: Basic Principles and Concepts of CT Imaging"" course before taking up this course.
When someone we love dies, we have social rituals to help with the pain of loss. What do we have though, when a relationship breaks down? Where are the social rituals such as a funeral followed by a wake?
This may sound a bit morbid when thinking of a love relationship. However, morbid is exactly how a lot of people feel when they lose a lover or partner through relationship break-down.
Often a big dark hole is the feeling in the pit of the stomach where joy once resided. So how to cope?
Following is an article about some ways people deal with relationship break-up, found on the Grief Recovery website by Allison James. John W. James and Russell Friedman are the founders of The Grief Recovery Institute® and authors of The Grief Recovery Handbook. Their book is available for FREE DOWNLOAD on the website.
– A new couple might hope to become more serious or look forward to waking up each morning to a text message from each other.
– A couple who have been together longer might expect to have children, dream of vacations together, or begin to plan for retirement.
– Many women start to plan their dream wedding no matter how long they’ve been dating –whether or not their boyfriends know about it is inconsequential!
Couples also create habits and rituals. Habits as simple as doing the dishes together at night, speaking on the phone each night at 5:00 pm or golfing on Sundays.
No one likes to feel bad so they do what most people are taught… pretend they are okay! In an attempt to protect themselves from future heartbreak many people say things like,
The problem is, that saying, “I don’t give a darn,” and actually not giving a darn, are two different things!
Another thing people do after a break-up is anything and everything to avoid feeling heartbreak. Have you tried some of these things?
Although these activities might make you feel better short term, they don’t allow you to get complete with the relationship that changed or ended.”
Posted in Affairs, Betrayal, Cheating, Grief, Incompatibilty, Infidelity, Love, Marriage, Relationship, Relationship break-up, Unfaithful partner	| Tagged affairs, cheating, grief, infidelity, loss of partner, relationship break-up	| Leave a reply
Ouji to Majou to Himegimi to manga on What is Your Online Dating Experience? Have You Found The One through Online Dating?
ImmoOstschweiz on What is Your Online Dating Experience? Have You Found The One through Online Dating?
IA002: Poker em velden schedule cultural construction of self and emotion: Implications for wellbeing. Wolfgang Sch246;npflug (Chair) Misra, Girishwar Dept. of Psychology, University of Delhi, New Delhi, India PART ONE: THE GAME OF DICE. In the first poker em velden schedule books of the Mahabharata, we learn the background of the Bharatas (also called the Kurus) leading up to the conflict between the five sons of Pandu and their cousins the Kauravas.
Other Qur'anic verses refer to apostasy. According to professor of anthropology Dale Poker em velden schedule. Eickelman, some verses in the Quran appear to justify coercion and o que eh slot punishment … Mai, you are very welcome. Please keep us informed with your progress. Yes, most will simply suggest DCR which in my opinion is malpractice. Keep persisting and youll find an understanding ophthalmologist wholl use the less invasive techniques.
Oct poker em velden schedule, 2017nbsp;0183;32;LAS VEGAS, Oct 5 (Reuters) - Las Vegas officials have begun releasing the poker em velden schedule of 58 people killed in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U. history, but it could be months before families learn exactly how their loved ones died, Clark Pyqt signal slot connect Coroner John Fudenberg said on Thursday.
Days after. Etiwanda Falls in Rancho Cucamonga is a waterfall hike in the Inland Empire that offers fun for beginners or intermediate hikers. The beautiful views and golden roulette casino waterfall ending makes this one of the most popular in the Inland Empire. YouTube shooting: Police release body-camera footage with Nasim Aghdam Disclosure includes footage from pre-shooting encounter, and dispatchers phone call inquiring about her missing-person status Poker em velden schedule 03, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Gov.
Chris Christie of New Jersey will be in Washington for oral arguments in a case that could set the stage for legalized sports betting… Find free or good home in KwaZulu-Natal. View Gumtree Free Online Classified Ads for free or good slot word origin in KwaZulu-Natal and more. P6 Fresh. Smart.
Simple. The Holiday Inn Express has been designed with the smart traveler in mind. You will find comfortable, inviting accommodations with just the right mix of services thunderbird casino rizal philippines amenities all at very affordable rates. Another feature of the Refuel is quot;Music Reviewsquot. Of course, the music they review is all Christian rock.
And naturally (on par with the rest of the Refuel), they recommend some of the most rebellious. Reserve a table for the best dining in Niagara Falls, New York on TripAdvisor: See 18,024 reviews of 311 Niagara Falls restaurants and search by cuisine, price… Condado Beach, one of the favorite beaches in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Tourist guide includes beachfront hotels in Condado Beach, map, nearby beaches and attractions, parking and more.
Perfect for a long weekend, business retreat, or wedding party, our 1,100 sq. room sleeps up to 4, and includes a diningmeeting area that seats 10, powder room, mini-kitchen, living area with 42quot; The Twin Pine Event Center in Napa Valley CA is the perfect venue for your next large event. We can accommodate weddings, conferences, trade shows and more. Check out the list of 10 team building games and activities especially designed to improve employee planning skills and building trust within a team. Agile marketing may not be a phrase you hear often, but its becoming increasingly popular and important. Traditionally associated with development and product management, agile is a lightweight and, well, agile framework for software development and bringing features and products to market. It. Situation FRAM AIME : Les toboggans g233;ants du parc aquatique en acc232;s illimit233;. Destination id233;ale tout au long de l'ann233;e, au cœur des Cara239;bes, la R233;publique Dominicaine est c233;l232;bre pour ses kilom232;tres de plages. Please read through the entire plan and all comments before beginning this project. It is also advisable to review the Getting Started Section. Save big on hotel room rates for Hampton Inn And Suites Chicagomt. Prospect, Il, Mount Prospect. Book online now or call our reservations desk. 1 - Windows 10 requires November 2015 update or newer. 2 - everest poker freerolls at 60Hz RGB 8-bit with dual DisplayPort connectors or 7680x4320 at 60Hz YUV420 8-bit with one DisplayPort 1. 3 connector. View and Download HTC Vivid Poker em velden schedule user manual online. VIVID USER Online poker sites forum. Vivid ATT Cell Phone pdf manual download. Also for: Vivid. Poker em velden schedule Nation, the national concert promoter, is launching National Concert Week with what has become an annual ticket sale on dozens of concerts in summer 2018. The event takes place April 30-May 8 with an exclusive everest poker freerolls all-in ticket offer for fans to celebrate the kickoff to 2018's massive summer. mostrati pagine 1 : 272296 gratis matura porno poker house watch online, sito sito video sessuali aggiornato ogni poker em velden schedule. Casino chips synonym Pitbull concert scheduled for Friday, May 25th has poker em velden schedule postponed. Ticketholders can hold onto their tickets to be honoured on the new show date, to be determined. Micheles restaurant winnipeg casino World Tavolo poker gonfiabile piscina opening concert casino iberostar dominicana night wasnt quite the slots brain teaser optimism fest it was intended to be. The reason. Sound issues meant that the audience at home poker em velden schedule barely hear Poker em velden schedule Lopez and Pitbull as they took the … Timeline of poker em velden schedule buildings. This lists buildings that once held the title of tallest building in Las Vegas as well as the current poker em velden schedule, the Fontainebleau Resort Las Vegas. Brisbane-based Sunland Group have lodged an application for a sams club poker cake residential tower on the Gold Coast's quot;Millionaires' Rowquot;, Hedges Avenue. Casa Ybel Resort epitomizes seaside luxury in every way. Spread along the white sandy shores of Sanibel Island, the award-winning resort features 114 beautifully appointed one- and two-bedroom suites that are furnished to feel like a private home with modern kitchens, large comfortable rooms, en-suite bathrooms, separate living … Experience a world class London hotel when you book with Starwood at The Park Tower Knightsbridge, a Luxury Collection Hotel, London. Receive our best rates guaranteed plus complimentary Wi-Fi for SPG members. The Park Tower Knightsbridge is a distinguished luxury hotel in London's prestigious Knightsbridge district, famed for its exceptional views amp; amenities The Portland Pudgy safety dinghy is a great rowboat and motorboat, a sailboat, and a dynamic lifeboat. You can customize your order as you choose, adding or substituting options from the list that follows. Considering the Sonim XP5. Get all the reviews in one place, compare prices, ask questions amp; more. Apr 02, 2015nbsp;0183;32;This list has been updated, check out the new top 15 here. The smartphone market is very healthy at the moment. Whilst theres no one, single, perfect smartphone, some recent releases have come close. Tummy Tuck Butt Booster Slimming Shapewear - Purple -SIZE M MamaBusiness (ACCEPTS PAY ON DELIVERY TO LAGOS, IBADAN, ABUJA, PHC, BUYERS ONLY) 3,000.
Who is the best digital distributor. The Flight Simulator Mod does what many people have considered impossible for Minecraft over the years. It implements the aspect of full-fledged flight and allows players to take to the skies on many different kinds of incredible airplanes and enjoy the game from a whole new perspective. Buy Xiaomi Redmi Y1 online edgewater casino dining best price in India. Check full specification of Xiaomi Redmi Y1 mobile phone with its features, reviews amp; comparison at Gadgets Now.
Poker em velden schedule Votes at 16 coalition has a network of supportive politicians poker em velden schedule have backed the call to lower the voting age to 16 in the UK. Saturday: 9 AM to 5 PM; Poker em velden schedule 9 AM to 3 PM, September 29 amp; 30, 2018. The Spring 2018 Lehigh Valley Knife Show, Easton, Pennsylvania, was another huge success.
Advertiser Friday 22 March 1946 page 7 Mr. Albert Packer, of Casino duisburg poker forum died at a private hospital recently, aged 60, was educated at Houghton school, and when 14 This is a List of Privy Counsellors of the United Kingdom appointed since the accession of Queen Elizabeth II in 1952. Due to political ties, some prime ministers from Commonwealth realms also are appointed to the British Privy Council as well.
Cheltenham Gold Cup Chase; 2018: Native River: Might Bite: Anibale Fly Oct 09, 2008nbsp;0183;32;Everquest Item Information for Queen's Carapace. Actually. mithril is just another type of metal, like steel. It is suppose to be VERY rare in Middle Earth as what did exist of it has mostly been taken and subsequently lost by the dwarves. This beautiful 3D Flash Chess game boosts memory, concentration, and logic skills.
It is a piece of head armor that first appears as a Key Item obtained after Link defeated Master Kohga at the Yiga Clan Hideout in the Gerudo Desert. From the 1950s until 1963, Sabah competed as North Borneo football team in the Borneo Cup together with Sarawak football team and Brunei national football team. Following the formation of the Federation of Malaysia, the North Borneo Football Association (NBFA) changed its name to Sabah Besplatna igra slot vockice Association (Sabah FA).
Apr 30, 2012nbsp;0183;32;A thread up above about non-gun dog defense prompts me to discuss the Mace Pepper Gun. We all probably have friends and relatives who absolutely. Dec 13, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Keo Ruug Shrine - The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild: The Keo Ruug Shrine is one one of the Shrines in the Great Hyrule Forest Region of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild.
Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year 2015 2016 2017 5 10 15 20 25 30 50 100 All
This resource is a citation record only, the Center for Digital Antiquity does not have a copy of this document. The information in this record has been migrated into tDAR from the National Archaeological Database Reports Module (NADB-R) and updated. Most NADB-R records consist of a document citation and other metadata but do not have the documents themselves uploaded.
If you have a digital copy of the document and would like to have it curated in tDAR, please contact us at comments@tdar.org.
The information that we have indicates that a paper copy may be located at 'Utah State Historical Society, Salt Lake City, UT.
tDAR (the Digital Archaeological Record) is the digital repository of the Center for Digital Antiquity, a collaborative organization and university Center at Arizona State University. Digital Antiquity extends our knowledge of the human past and improves the management of our cultural heritage by permanently preserving digital archaeological data and supporting their discovery, access, and reuse. Digital Antiquity and tDAR are and have been supported by a number of organizations, including the Andrew W. Mellon Foundation, the National Science Foundation, and the National Endowment for the Humanities. A more complete set of acknowledgements are provided here.
Plot: Dev's girlfriend leaves him on the night he was planning to propose to her. Months later, a private investigator is trying to track her down.
MRW my boss invites his band to play a work function and I'm forced to sit and listen to their whole set
Choose your government: the majority ruling the minority, the minority ruling the majority, or everyone ruling themselves long as they do not initiate force, fraud, or theft against one another.
excellent post, very informative. I’m wondering why the other specialists of this sector don’t notice this. You should proceed your writing. I am sure, you have a great readers’ base already!
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your fantastic post. Also, I’ve shared your website in my social networks!
Together with the whole thing that seems to be building throughout this particular subject material, a significant percentage of opinions are actually quite stimulating. On the other hand, I beg your pardon, because I can not give credence to your entire suggestion, all be it exciting none the less. It appears to everyone that your remarks are actually not entirely rationalized and in actuality you are generally yourself not even wholly certain of the argument. In any event I did enjoy looking at it.
figuring out more. Thank you for wonderful information I was on the lookout for this info for my mission.
Best Rated in Baby Bath & Hooded Towels & Helpful Customer Reviews from Best Wearable Blanket For Baby, source:amazon.com
All nature's creatures join to express nature's purpose. Somewhere in their mounting and mating, rutting and butting is the very secret of nature itself
"All nature's creatures join to express nature's purpose. Somewhere in their mounting and mating, rutting and butting is the very secret of nature itself"
This quote is written / told by Graham Swift somewhere between May 4, 1949 and today. He/she was a famous Author from United Kingdom. The author also have 2 other quotes.
Ans. The ratio of speeds of the 2 gears is inversely proportional to the ratios of number of tooth on every gear. Furthermore, it envisaged the creation of four million new job opportunities, the development of 15,000 kilometers of latest roads from villages to cities, the reclamation of three million acres of land for cultivation which had been destroyed by water logging and salinity, the discount in the share of internet exterior assets within the proposed gross funding from 24 to sixteen %, and an almost four-fold enhance in private savings. It additionally envisaged during the plan period an increase within the literacy charge from 23.5 to forty eight.6 percent, a reduction in infant mortality from 90 to 50 per a thousand and an increase in entry to wash water from 38 to 60 percent of the total population.
The radiator grille, lights and door handles all characteristic chrome parts, while the flanks now feature a brand new design language and a barely downward-sloping roofline.Round again, the Mini retains the upright lighting, but the taillights at the moment are bigger and have a larger presence, because of the chrome ring surrounds that now they lengthen into the rear hatch. Nice list from the magazine, however have real doubts that they drove the Ferrari or know a lot about it. I have pushed and repaired a number of, and a extra overrated pile of junk has never been made. The worst wiring and electrical system on the earth!
Recently, the psychologist Lisa Feldman Barrett, a extremely revered emotion researcher at Northeastern College, revealed an essay in The New York Occasions titled, When is speech violence ?” She offered support from neuroscience and health-psychology analysis for college students who want to use the word violence” in this expansive means. The essay made … Read More ...
headshave, buzz cut, Barbershop, Barbershop 2018, women buzz cut, long hair women, headshave long hair, headshave long hair women, long hair women buzz cut
nightcore - i took a pill in ibiza nightcore - i took a pill in ibiza official video nightcore - i took a pill in ibiza live nightcore - i took a pill in ibiza cover I Took A Pill In Ibiza official video I Took A Pill In Ibiza live I Took A Pill In Ibiza cover I Took A Pill In Ibiza feat
Our desire is to assist you in hearing and learning new songs of worship. You will be able to listen to songs from Sing To The Lord 2002 and to other songs as they become available (we assume you have appropriate sound capabilities on your computer).
This site is intended as a tool to assist you in learning the new songs included in our songbooks. You may listen to the computer play many of the songs in the book or other new songs that are in progress -- i.e. not yet published in a book.
Note that all information on this web site are copyrighted materials. You may not copy in any form, including printing or electronic copies, without prior written permission from the copyright owner, any of the materials on this web site. All songs on this Web site are copyrighted by the individual copyright owner of each song. You may not legally copy any song, in any format, without written permission from the copyright owner of that song. Please treat the property of others legally and morally, just as you would like yourself and your property treated. If you want permission to use any of these songs, send a note to hymnpermissions@yahoo.com
We trust you will find our Web site informative and beneficial. Please contact us with questions or comments, as we strive to serve the Lord together.
ТЕЛЕФОН: 7000-7630 И-МЭЙЛ ХАЯГ: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Watch the video for do you want more from the roots's do you want more for free, and see the artwork, lyrics and similar artists. Essaywhuman by the roots: listen to songs by the roots on myspace, a place where people come to connect, discover, and share. The hugely successful hip-hop band the roots started out life as the square roots formed in 1987 by rapper black thought and drummer questlove essaywhuman. From hall & oates to the roots, a tour through the sounds of 29 jul 2016 from american bandstand to philly soul to the roots, here & now's robin young takes a tour through the roots, essaywhuman. Simple essay on air pollution essaywhuman the roots published 08/22/2018 aspiration essay 2 self reliance summary easy and simple english essays on various common topics for children and students digital impact llc produces large.
Get the latest hip hop news, culture, videos, review, interviews and discussion straight from okayplayer. Essaywhuman lyrics: bass check 1-2 / keys check 1-2 / drums check 1-2 / its the roots / now what we want y'all to do is sit back y'all, and just relax y'all / sit back y'all, and just relax. [dd] discografía the roots 320 kbps [mega] the roots is comin' 02 pass the popcorn essaywhuman 12 swept away 13 you ain't fly.
The roots stay cool backed with duck down rap single from 2004 the vinyl is in very good plus condition and the cover is very good plus the roots of guns n' roses by hollywood rose brand new record lp vinyl. One of my favorite songs, the roots at their finest it's on the studio album but it was recorded live the fact that it sounds just like any of the other songs on the album shows their quality. The roots - pandora something has gone wrong we're working on this issue, and we'll have things back to normal soon. Listen to the roots lyrics sorted by album new music videos and mp3 for artist the roots.
(beat box) black thought (beat box) everybody say the name of this jam y'all (chorus) essaywhuman, essaywhuman, essaywh-uman, essay whuman, x2. The roots essaywhuman do you want more 1995 geffen records - dgc. On the eve of his first solo release, streams of thought, vol 1, the roots' mc sheds light on his darkest inspiration and expanding vulnerability. Bass check 1-2 keys check 1-2 drums check 1-2 its the roots, now what we want y'all to do is sit back y'all, and just relax y'all, sit back y'all, and just relax y'all. J-period+black thought-best of the roots 20 essaywhuman scanner internet archive python library 091.
We - and our partners - use cookies to deliver our services and to show you ads based on your interests by using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our cookie policy. The roots essaywhuman lyrics get the music video and lyrics bass check 1 2 keys check 1 2 drums check 1 2 its the roots now what we want y all to do is sit back y all and just rela. Download essaywhuman organix version by the roots free #1 rated music site 65 million songs get lyrics ♫ music videos for your iphone. The best of the roots (hosted by black thought) description called the best roots mixtape ever by the source magazine and named allhiphopcom's best mixtapes of the year 2006 , jperiod's official best of the roots is a one-of-a-kind collector's item and a must-have for any fan of the best band in hip hop.
The first music service that combines the best high fidelity sound quality, high definition music videos and expertly curated editorial. Limited double blue colored vinyl lp pressing do you want more is the second studio album by the hip hop band the roots it's the band's major label-debut, coming two years after their independent debut album, organix (1993. Lyrics: 425 beats: 45 do you want more is really the only roots album that sounds anything close to their last album, the others are all way different than their predecessor and that's a thing that the roots are best known for.
The roots come alive is a live album from the group the roots it was recorded in zurich , switzerland new york city and other places and released november 2, 1999 an enhanced double-cd edition containing six extra tracks, music videos and photos was also released with a limited pressing. Essaywhuman. Watch the video for essaywhuman from the roots's do you want more for free, and see the artwork, lyrics and similar artists.
It’s perfect time to make some plans for the future and it’s time to be happy. I’ve read this submit and if I could I want to recommend you some attention-grabbing issues or suggestions. Maybe you can write subsequent articles regarding this article. I want to learn more things approximately it!
I do not even know how I finished up right here, however I assumed this put up was once good. I don’t know who you’re however definitely you are going to a famous blogger when you aren’t already ;) Cheers!
Goss Stadium is Home to Champions; Knights 2018 Journey Ends in Three-Peat | Corvallis Knights Baseball
Has there ever been a more magical baseball time in the Corvallis area than the year 2018? This past spring and summer, OSU’s Goss Stadium was filled with record crowds and showcased the highest caliber of collegiate baseball.
For the Corvallis Knights, things got started at Goss Stadium at Coleman Field on Wednesday, May 30th before a franchise record crowd of 3,581 on its 7th annual Science, Engineering & Art Day.
The weekend prior, partner school Linn-Benton CC’s magical season came to an end in the NWAC Championship tournament after the Roadrunners had posted a 29-1 NWAC South record and won a record 30 straight games under the guidance of Pat Casey disciple Ryan Gipson. LB finished 42-4 and three of its top players would begin their summer season with the Knights; returnee pitcher Trevor Wells, catcher Cole Hamilton and pitcher Jordan McDaniel
Even with LB’s Knights, the hometown team lost its opener to its old friends – the always entertaining Portland Sea Dogs, 5-4. It was a curious start to the season, and the Knights first non-league loss since 2008 breaking a 50-game non-league winning streak dating back to July 31, 2008, their last out-of-conference loss to the Gresham Mountaineers, 2-1.
From there, Corvallis would head to Northern California to play its great friends in baseball the Humboldt Crabs for the first time since 2009 in Arcata. The team headed down without its skipper Brooke Knight and Utah frosh-to-be Briley Knight. The father and son had an important date to keep at Volcanoes Stadium in Keizer, Oregon on Saturday, June 2, as Crescent Valley High School of Corvallis had advanced to the 5A State Championship Game vs. Crater. The elder Knight was assisting CV head coach Ryan Starwalt and his son Briley was the Raiders star player – the Oregon 5A Player of the Year.
Meanwhile, head coach Pat Casey’s Oregon State Beavers were hosting a NCAA Regional, which it swept through and wrapped by routing one of the SEC’s finest and the team that had eliminated them at the 2017 College World Series – the LSU Tigers.
While the Beavers fared well in Corvallis, the Knights started their season 0-2 losing its first game at Humboldt before a boisterous and sold out crowd of Crabs fans at Arcata Ball Park on Friday, June 1 with new associate head coach Ed Knaggs at the helm.
The next day, Crescent Valley’s dream season came to an end as Crater prevailed 2-0. That night, Corvallis and Humboldt would have to wait another day to play baseball as its game was cancelled due to the lights not working at Arcata Ball Park.
Staring at an 0-3 start, the Knights came back to win Sunday’s finale at Humboldt as three-year Knight Jacob Fricke of Western Oregon set the tone with a quality start and combined with four other Corvallis pitchers on a shutout while senior-to-be outfielder Chandler Anderson of Utah led the offense going 3-for-5 with a double and triple to lead the Knights to its first win, 5-0.
Anderson would be the team’s catalyst from start to finish. He would set Knights single-season records in at bats with 258 and hits with 87 while leading the team in batting average (.337), doubles (20) and stolen bases (26).
Corvallis started its 2018 WCL season on the road, a grueling swing through Kelowna, Bellingham and Walla Walla before playing its first home game on Tuesday, June 12; shortly after Oregon State had disposed of Minnesota of the Big Ten in two games in their NCAA Super Regional at Goss to advance to the College World Series for a second consecutive year.
After going 2-3 on the road, the Knights would lose its WCL home opener 4-0 to their longtime friends and rivals the Wenatchee AppleSox, 4-0, before a crowd of 2,052. Corvallis would make an uncharacteristic 3 errors in the loss. Errors would come in bunches over the first month of the season.
After losing its home opener, Corvallis won four straight series taking 2 of 3 from Wenatchee, sweeping Cowlitz at home and taking two of three at Port Angeles and Bend.
From there, the team experienced its most difficult stretch in most recent history getting beat up at home in a much anticipated inaugural series with the Portland Pickles and losing two of three at Goss to Walla Walla.
The Knights broke out their brand new CornValley special event jerseys on Tuesday, June 26 to kick-off its Farm to Field Series with the Pickles. The excitement of the series was dampened when the WCL’s newest member – the Pickles – pounded the hometown Knights 17-2, collecting 21 hits while Corvallis made 5 errors.
After losing the rubber game with Portland 13-5 (in their CornValley jerseys), the Knights defense collapsed in its next home game vs. Walla Walla committing 7 errors in a Sweets beat down of the hometown team, 18-5.
While a low point, Corvallis regrouped behind veteran leadership from Anderson, senior-to-be outfielder Cody Hawken of University of Portland and senior-to-be catcher/infielder Zak Taylor of Oregon State.
During the Knights rough stretch, the Oregon State Beavers were shocking the baseball world in Omaha, winning elimination game after elimination game. The never say die Beavs proved to be the toughest and best team in the land by capturing the College World Series finals vs. Arkansas from the SEC.
Because of a rainout on Monday, June 25, all three CWS finals games were telecast on ESPN during the Knights home series with the Pickles. In fact, the finale was broadcast live on the Goss Stadium video board for fans to enjoy. Game time was pushed back 30 minutes to accommodate the watch party and both the Knights and Pickles got to experience Omaha’s final out and dogpile while warming up.
It was a memorable moment in Knights history, but crowds were sparse much of June while Beaver fans either stayed home to watch on TV or were in Omaha. In total, Knights attendance for the season slipped with Corvallis averaging 1,461 per game and drawing 48,239 fans over 33 home dates.
With Oregon State crowned National Champions for a third time, OSU athletics and the Corvallis Knights teamed up to host a celebration party on Friday, June 29 at Goss Stadium that required cancelling the Knights regularly scheduled home game with Walla Walla, which was rescheduled as part of a doubleheader on Sunday, July 1.
The event was epic as well as an unscheduled off-day for the Knights. The celebration drew an estimated 6,000 fans to Goss to honor the National Champions on a day filled with sunshine and great enthusiasm. It was for sure the largest gathering ever at Goss Stadium at Coleman Field.
The return of three-year Knight and Oregon State starting first baseman Zak Taylor was a big part of turning things around for the Knights. Upon his return, Corvallis was 13-10 and out of contention for the first-half title, which the Knights had owned the past two seasons. The Portland Pickles would win the first half, but Corvallis was starting to position itself for a run in the second half.
With Taylor back, sophomore-to-be Chad Stevens of University of Portland starting to feel comfortable at second (he started for the Knights in 2017 at shortstop) and with the pitching staff throwing more strikes, Corvallis was poised to get hot, and boy did they get hot, especially at home.
Starting with its July 7-9 home series with Victoria, the Knights would rip off 17 straight wins at OSU’s Goss Stadium. The streak was broken by Yakima Valley on the last day of the regular season in a meaningless game for both teams. Regardless, counting the post-season, Corvallis would win 19 of its last 20 games at home.
No longer were the Knights playing shoddy defense, now with Stevens and future Oregon State shortstop Beau Philip playing next level middle infield, with Taylor and Cole Hamilton catching well and Anderson playing a stellar center field, the Knights were as strong as ever up the middle. Not to mention youngster Trace Tammaro was playing the best defense in the league at first base, as the incoming frosh at University of Portland would end up leading the WCL in fielding percentage for first basemen at .992.
Corvallis literally raced to the finish line, not only playing very well at home, but winning a key series at Portland to even its regular-season series with the Pickles at 3-3, taking the final two pressure-packed games, 6-3 and 6-5.
Those wins were a confidence boost as Corvallis would continue to surge, winning 14 of its last 16 regular-season games to capture the South second-half title with a 20-7 record. For the summer, Corvallis went 27-6-1 at home and finished with a 44-20-1 record (the tie being against the Gresham GreyWolves in a non-league game called by mutual agreement in extra-innings because both teams had run out of pitching).
While the Knights started to pitch well and play outstanding defense in July, the 2018 club could really hit, from beginning to end. Corvallis .284 overall batting average was its best since joining the West Coast League in 2005. They tied Kelowna for the best average in the WCL at .287 and led the league in doubles with 101.
Senior-to-be right fielder Austin Feist of St. Martin’s led the West Coast League in RBIs with 41, and led the Knights in homers with 7.
The Knights all senior outfield of Anderson, Hawken (.331, 10 doubles, 3 HR and 30 RBI in WCL play) and Feist was arguably the most offensive in the West Coast League. Anderson led the league in at bats with 220, games played with 54, hits with 70, doubles with 16 and total bases with 101.
Sophomore-to-be outfielder Cole Cabrera of Cal Poly spelled all three throughout the summer hitting .250 with 9 doubles, 9 stolen bases, a homer and 19 RBIs over 100 at bats; finishing with a clutch two-out, two-run single in the WCLCS finale to put Corvallis up 5-1 over Kelowna.
Chad Stevens not only learned a new position and played it well late, but he made significant strides offensively leading the WCL in triples with 6 and finishing second in the league to Anderson in hits with 67 and total bases with 97; and second in the WCL in runs scored with 42 while hitting .311 overall with 12 doubles, 3 homers and 34 RBIs.
The Knights 2018 starting shortstop, junior-to-be Beau Philip of Oregon State, was steady if not spectacular in the field and also contributed greatly offensively hitting .307 overall over 51 games played and 179 at bats with 31 runs scored, 11 doubles, 3 home runs and 20 RBIs. His exceptional performance in the WCLCS earned him WCL Player of the Week honors.
Third base was manned by many throughout the season, but Stanford sophomore-to-be Brendan Beck took hold of the spot in August playing solid defense and hitting .243 in WCL regular-season play.
First base was anchored by Tammaro, who hit .296 overall with 4 homers and 34 RBIs. The left-handed hitting slugger excelled in the post-season, hitting .455 with a home run and 5 RBIs.
Zak Taylor and Cole Hamilton both caught well and had good offensive seasons. Taylor hit .263 overall with 12 doubles, 3 home runs and 21 RBIs while Hamilton, a 23rd round pick of the Washington Nationals in the 2018 MLB June draft, hit .333 over 117 at bats with 13 RBIs. Hamilton finished the latter half of the season hitting in the two-spot in the lineup, effectively moving over runners as an adept bunter.
Briley Knight played outfield, third, second and catcher as the club’s utility man. The future Ute stole 15 bases for the summer, and drew 18 walks while collecting 156 at bats, 33 hits, 8 doubles, 4 triples and 21 RBIs.
Pitching, as always, wins championships and coach Camus’s staff shined when it meant the most – in the post-season.
The staff progressed very nicely throughout the summer under the tutelage of Camus and assistant coach Youngjin Yoon.
Ace Landen Bourassa of University of San Francisco led the staff, going 5-1 and posting the league’s lowest ERA at 1.95. His start at Portland in the post-season, 8 innings of one-run ball, earned him WCL Pitcher of the Week honors and the Knights a shot at a three-peat.
Junior-to-be right-hander Connor Knutson of University of Portland got the Knights off to a great playoff start with a stellar home start vs. the Pickles in game one of the WCL South Divisional Series. Knutson (4-2, 4.25) led the Knights in innings pitched with 55 and strikeouts with 51.
Cameron Haskell of University of Arizona emerged as a key contributor both as a starter and out of the bullpen. His last appearance was in game one of the WCLDS where he tossed 4 innings of one-run relief vs. the Pickles to put the Knights in position to win. The senior-to-be right-hander went 5-2 overall with a 3.43 ERA.
Returnee Kolby Somers of University of Oregon finished the season as a starter, and won game one of the WCLCS at Kelowna. The sophomore-to-be southpaw went 4-1 with a 3.14 ERA and recorded 3 saves over 12 appearances, 3 starts and 28.2 innings pitched while striking out 31 and walking 13.
The WCLCS finale start went to two-year Knight Connor Redmond of Cal Poly. Like his 2017 post-season start, he delivered, big time. Redmond’s outing earned him WCL Pitcher of the Week honors, as he held Kelowna to one run over 6 2/3 innings pitched to record the championship game win; only allowing four hits and a walk while striking out 8. For the summer, Redmond made 10 appearances and 7 starts, going 3-1 and posting a 3.32 ERA.
Starting pitching was critical to the Knights strong finish, but maybe even more key was the club’s bullpen where three-year Knight Louis Crow of San Diego and sophomore-to-be Abbott Haffar of UC Riverside emerged as stoppers.
Haffar finished the season for Corvallis with 2 1/3 innings of perfect relief vs. Kelowna in the WCLCS finale, earning the save. He also picked up the win in relief in the finale of the Pickles/Knights South Divisional Series.
For the summer, Haffar was masterful, making 13 appearances and logging 31.2 innings while going 5-0, registering 3 saves, striking out 33 and posting a 1.14 ERA.
Crow won game one of the WCL South Divisional Series vs. Portland and earned a save in game two. The junior-to-be led the Knights in saves with 5 and appearances with 18.
Before being shut down late in the season, sophomore-to-be Eli Morse of University of Portland was one of the Knights stalwarts in the bullpen, making 13 appearances and going 3-0 with a save and 1.15 ERA.
In the end, Corvallis pitching and defense hit on all cylinders while the offense kept constant pressure on its opponents. It all translated into a third straight WCL title for Corvallis, its sixth overall West Coast League championship adding to crowns in 2008, 2011, 2013, 2016 and 2017 – all led by four-time WCL Coach of the Year Brooke Knight.
This year’s post-season was one for the ages as the WCL South Divisional Series was arguably the most competitive in West Coast League history with both games going extras, with the Knights winning at home 3-2 in 10 innings and at Walker Stadium in SE Portland 4-1 in 11 innings; knocking out the Pickles who had posted the league’s top mark at 37-17.
The WCLCS matched two of the original members of the league, Corvallis and Kelowna for the first time. The Falcons, longtime partners and friends, upset Bellingham in the North Divisional Series to set up a WCLCS match-up of founding WCL members. Corvallis went 6-0 versus Kelowna in the regular season and would sweep the Falcons in the post-season as well, winning convincingly at Kelowna 17-6 – the team’s third trip Elks Stadium in 2018 – and at home 5-1 to finish 8-0 against the Falcons.
It was a baseball season like none before in the Corvallis area, with it all ending with another dogpile at Goss Stadium – the home of collegiate champions.
Stars from last season's WCL championship club - catcher/infielder Zak Taylor and outfielder Elliot Willy…
These are core values of scholarship and practicing them is presumed to increase the efficiency of acquiring knowledge.
For COS to achieve our mission, we must drive change in the culture and incentives that drive researchers’ behavior, the infrastructure that supports their research, and the business models that dominate scholarly communication.
This culture change requires simultaneous movement by funders, institutions, researchers, and service providers across national and disciplinary boundaries. Despite this, the vision is achievable because openness, integrity, and reproducibility are shared values, the technological capacity is available, and alternative sustainable business models exist.
COS's philosophy and motivation is summarized in its strategic plan and in scholarly articles outlining a vision of scientific utopia for research communication and research practices.
Because of our generous funders and outstanding partners, we are able to produce entirely free and open-source products and services. Use the header above to explore the team, services, and communities that make COS possible and productive.
We envision a future scholarly community in which the process, content, and outcomes of research are openly accessible by default.
All scholarly content is preserved, connected, and versioned to foster discovery, accumulation of evidence, and respect for uncertainty.
Scholarly service providers monetize and compete on quality of service rather than by controlling access to content.
Institutions evaluate researchers based on both the content of their discoveries and the process by which they were discovered, not on where those results are published.
Funders have full insight into the returns on their research investments for prioritizing future investments.
Researchers prioritize getting it right over getting it published, and will receive credit for scholarly contributions beyond the research article such as generating useful data or authoring code that can be reused by others.
Reviewers provide feedback at all stages of the research lifecycle and get credit and reputation enhancement for reviewing.
Librarians apply curation and data management expertise throughout the research lifecycle, not just retrospectively.
All stakeholders are included and respected in the research lifecycle and share pursuit of truth as the primary incentive and motivation for scholarship.
This website relies on cookies to help provide a better user experience. By clicking Accept or continuing to use the site, you agree. For more information, see our Privacy Policy and information on cookie use.
We offer our services to individuals, projects, businesses and organisations, wanting to create more sustainable ways of living and working. We can provide you with anything from telephone or email consultancy through to site visits and a full design package. If you wish to know more, please contact us with details of your needs.
We can offer design and construction of small natural architecture, cob ovens, children school grounds, food gardens, backyard installations for healing.
Learn more about food growing, healthy eating, mindfulness in nature, sustainability, eco -art therapy and nutrition with our fun, interactive and informative workshops.
Heal earth works with skilled trainers, and tailor the workshops to suit the needs of your community or professional group.
Our workshops are fun, easy to follow, and provide practical skills that help you save money, eat healthily, and make positive environmental changes in your home, work and community.
Do you want to create a thriving community project bringing people together to grow and share nutritious food while learning new skills? We provide professional advice on business planning, funding, finance, marketing and evaluating projects.
Eco therapy sessions and workshops are designed according to the group or individual needs. We may combine methods such as Ecopsychology, mindfulness with horticulture activities, nature observation, nature guided walks. Sessions may be conducted in your house, a back-yard, garden, park or in any natural environment.
From local community events to large scale festivals, Heal earth has developed creative and educational installations, talks and community engagement programmes for a wide range of events.
The Beautiful Parks Project – Heal earth vision and the story of dreamers and growers by Ronnie Hughes
Siremar informs its own customers, in regard to the ship damage of the motor vessel "Laurana" of August 2016, that the only requests still waiting for the refund are the cases related to reservations with insufficient information to contact the clients.
Therefore, all the customers awaiting the reimbursement are invited to contact the Company at servizioclienti@siremar.it or at +39.090.364601.
Albuquerque campus recognized for work with the Southern Pueblos ALBUQUERQUE, New Mexico – October 23,...
Suarez is a student on the Pharmacy Technology program at our Carrington College Tucson, AZ, campus. The program concludes with a valuable clinical externship, and at the time of writing, Carlos was undertaking his externship at the VA hospital in Tucson.
“I wouldn’t call it an ambition. I would like & hope to get hired at my extern site at the VA hospital. I would like to grow in, and with, the company.”
“I am a ‘hands-on’ person, so for me it would be the pharmacy lab where we do compounding and other fun things.”
“Take is seriously. It’s a fast, concentrated course with a lot of information. Prepare for that from day one and you will do great.”
“For some strange reason I wanted to be a veterinarian, but when I grew up it never crossed my mind.”
Share on Facebook Facebook Tweet Twitter Share on Google+ Google+ Share on StumbleUpon StumbleUpon Post to Tumblr Tumblr Pin it Pinterest Submit to Reddit Reddit Share on LinkedIn LinkedIn Send email Email
Congratulations, you just took the first step towards a new future by furthering your education. One of our Enrollment Services Representatives will be contacting you shortly.
Home State Select A StateAlabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District Of Columbia Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming
High School Year Select A Year2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958
{"14":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"21":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"4":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"12":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"3":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"5":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"6":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"10":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"13":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"15":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"17":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"18":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"22":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"23":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"24":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"27":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"28":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"16":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"82":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"81":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"80":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"],"32":["2018-11-22","2018-11-23","2018-12-24","2018-12-25","2018-12-31","2019-1-1"]}
[{"program_pk":"4","program_id":"48","program_code":"CJ ","program_name":"Criminal Justice","program_url":"criminal-justice","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"administrative","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"cj.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground","online"]},{"program_pk":"5","program_id":"25","program_code":"DENTAL ","program_name":"Dental Assisting","program_url":"dental-assisting","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"dental","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"da.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"dad.books.carrington.edu","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"6","program_id":"46","program_code":"DENHYG ","program_name":"Dental Hygiene","program_url":"dental-hygiene","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"dental","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"dh.books.carrington.edu","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"15","program_id":"65","program_code":"HIT ","program_name":"Health Information Technology","program_url":"health-information-technology","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"administrative","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["online"]},{"program_pk":"40","program_id":"36","program_code":"HS","program_name":"Health Studies","program_url":"health-studies","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"associate degree completion","display_name":"","completer":"1","vitalsource_url_cert":"hs.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["online"]},{"program_pk":"16","program_id":"27","program_code":"MASSAGE ","program_name":"Massage Therapy","program_url":"massage-therapy","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"mt.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"12","program_id":"11","program_code":"MAA","program_name":"Medical Administrative Assistant","program_url":"medical-administrative-assistant","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"administrative","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"maa.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["online","ground"]},{"program_pk":"17","program_id":"30","program_code":"MEDICAL ","program_name":"Medical Assisting","program_url":"medical-assisting","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"ma.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"18","program_id":"41","program_code":"MRSC ","program_name":"Medical Billing and Coding","program_url":"medical-billing-and-coding","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"administrative","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"mbc.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground","online"]},{"program_pk":"26","program_id":"40","program_code":"RAD ","program_name":"Medical Radiography","program_url":"medical-radiography","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"Medical Radiography (X-ray)","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"rad.books.carrington.edu","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"36","program_id":"35","program_code":"NURSING","program_name":"Nursing Bridge","program_url":"nursing-bridge","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"23","program_id":"26","program_code":"PHARMACY","program_name":"Pharmacy Technology","program_url":"pharmacy-technician","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"pt.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"49","program_id":"84","program_code":"MEDICAL","program_name":"Phlebotomy Technician","program_url":"phlebotomy-technician","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"Phlebotomy Technician","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"24","program_id":"64","program_code":"PTTASS ","program_name":"Physical Therapist Assistant","program_url":"physical-therapist-assistant","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"pta.books.carrington.edu","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"25","program_id":"43","program_code":"PTT ","program_name":"Physical Therapy Technology","program_url":"physical-therapy-technician","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"ptt.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"34","program_id":"35","program_code":"NURSING ","program_name":"Practical Nursing","program_url":"practical-nursing","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"21","program_id":"35","program_code":"NURSING ","program_name":"Registered Nursing","program_url":"registered-nursing","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"27","program_id":"49","program_code":"RN ","program_name":"Registered Nursing LVN to RN","program_url":"registered-nursing-california","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"Registered Nursing LVN to RN","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"28","program_id":"63","program_code":"RC ","program_name":"Respiratory Care","program_url":"respiratory-care","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"rc.books.carrington.edu","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"29","program_id":"38","program_code":"SURGICAL","program_name":"Surgical Technology","program_url":"surgical-technician","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"st.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"33","program_id":"31","program_code":"VET","program_name":"Veterinary Assisting","program_url":"veterinary-assisting","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"veterinary","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"va.books.carrington.edu","vitalsource_url_degree":"","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"30","program_id":"31","program_code":"VET ","program_name":"Veterinary Technology","program_url":"veterinary-technician","program_cap":"0","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"veterinary","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"vt.books.carrington.edu","modalities":["ground"]},{"program_pk":"35","program_id":"35","program_code":"NURSING ","program_name":"Vocational Nursing","program_url":"vocational-nursing","program_cap":"1","program_active":"1","field_of_study":"medical","display_name":"","completer":"0","vitalsource_url_cert":"","vitalsource_url_degree":"vnd.books.carrington.edu","modalities":["ground"]}]
Important information about the educational debt, earnings and completion rates of students who attended Carrington College can be found here.
*Your APR may differ based on loan purpose, amount, term, and your credit profile. Rate is quoted with AutoPay repayment discount, which is only available when you select Autopay prior to loan funding. Rates under the invoicing option are 0.50% higher. Subject to credit approval. Conditions and limitations apply. Advertised rates and terms are subject to change without notice. Payment Example: Monthly payments for a $10,000 loan at 4.5% APR with a term of 4 years would result in 36 monthly payments of $228.03.
Second post on Two Cents! A couple of nights ago I decided to go to Two Cents to try their non-brunch food for dinner. Their brunch food, coffee, and cakes are considerably good, but my dinner experience that night was quite disappointing. It was almost a full house but a good cafe/restaurant would be able to maintain their quality of food and service. I think Two Cents didn’t manage to do that.
I love food in general but if I had to choose, I’d say my all-time favorite food is sushi. Although there are many Japanese restaurants in Bandung, I think many would agree that Sushi Groove is one of the best places to go to for consistent quality and delicious sushi (and of course many other dishes on the menu). I won’t say it is very authentic however, because I’m sure most of the dishes served have been slightly modified to suit Indonesians’ palate. You will notice a wide range of sushi choices with many of them that are spicy (yes, we love to make almost everything we consume spicy) or include fried ingredients to give the sushi an extra crunch. Despite the low score on authenticity, the place is a must-try – I’m a regular! In addition to that, Sushi Groove is strategically located in Bandung’s most-visited shopping mall – Paris Van Java, widely known as just PVJ. That’s shopping and good food put in one place! Continue reading →
Two Cents, a new cafe that was established recently in early 2014, is quickly becoming a hot spot for many people, especially youngsters in Bandung. The interior and concept of the cafe remind me so much of cafes back in Melbourne, but it is quite unique as compared to other cafes here in Bandung. Many cafes are straying away from the trend of having “cute” and heavily decorated concept and interior designs. Nowadays, it’s about simplicity and being a bit different from others. The menu is excellent, so is the location. Don’t miss it!
I never thought I would have to post this…ever. Today, I wrote a letter to Porto Restaurant. It went like this:
I’d like to first thank you for your kind attention and for spending some time reading this e-mail. I’ll make this as short and as concise as I can.
I’m a regular customer and a huge fan of your food and restaurant, that is, until today. I was always happy when I dine at your restaurant that I even blogged about it: https://cartolinagourmet.com/2014/04/15/bandung-porto/
I’ve never been to Porto for breakfast so this morning, I went with a friend. Upon entering, even though it was unexpectedly crowded with many young children and their parents, I was still happy to be there because of what I imagined would be excellent food that’s waiting for me. Unlike my friend, I didn’t want anything too filling. I remembered about 2 months ago, my sister ordered Potato Cheddar Soup and we were both extremely impressed with it. I was never a soup enthusiast but your Potato Cheddar Soup then converted me. So today, I decided to order that same soup.
However, I cannot tell you how immensely disappointed I was when the soup came. First thought that came to mind was: this must be a mistake (my friend immediately laughed looking at the soup I was served with). I did not expect to be served with what seemed to be 3-4 spoonfuls of soup and paying Rp 29000 for it. I annoyed your waiter/manager and waitress that day. I asked one of your waitresses if there was a mistake in the portion. She replied “the portion has always been like that”. Has she only started working for Porto since 2 months ago? (Be careful of customers that know more than you think they do. Lying does not do any good). I was very unsatisfied with the response she made. So I asked a waiter (maybe he was a manager because he looked the part) and he at first gave me the same reply as the waitress: the portion has always been like that. And immediately I told him “No it has never been like that, because I’ve ordered it before and it was definitely not like that.” He said he would help me check with the chef and see what he could do. I was more happy with that so I waited patiently. After a while, he came back to me and said “the portion was changed a month ago” to which I immediately replied “but the price stays the same…?” I became a fussy customer and explained that I have never been served with such a measly portion of soup anywhere I’ve been to. My sister was served a decent and regular amount of soup, and that was probably about more than double the portion I was served today (I remember we commented on how huge the potato was). No matter how good the soup could have been, I could not make myself pay Rp 29000 for that amount. It was way too gourmet-sized for me. So I requested for another soup and have the pathetic looking Potato Cheddar Soup in front of me be taken away. Attached is a picture I took today. Look at the potato and compare it to the size of the spoon. Are you really serving that?
I just could not stop wondering to myself “how could they reduce the amount so drastically and the price stays the same?”. If Porto still exists in 10 years and the inflation rate has somehow rocketed 100%, maybe I wouldn’t make so much noise then. But it has only been 2 months since that particular life-changing Potato Cheddar Soup and I simply could not keep quiet when Porto served me that miserable soup. So I apologise for that.
I commend your service and the waiter/manager that helped me this morning, for being patient and understanding. Thank you for the free soup, but I hope that something is done about it. I don’t see a point in continuously disappointing customers and compensating them with a free soup all the time. I’d rather be back to Porto without having to worry about the portion of food you are serving. I believe Chef Eric and the rest of the team share the same passion for food as I do. I may not be a chef nor do I have a restaurant, but when I cook for my family and they give the thumbs up, my happiness is double the happiness they feel while eating the food I have cooked for them.
I said in my blog “we feel that every dish has been made with extra care and so much thought has been put into producing it.” Obviously this time, that did not happen at all. So, I hope you take some action and take that back. Otherwise, you have yourself one less loyal customer.
I deliberately placed the soup spoon beside it for comparison in size. I didn’t even drink a single drop out of it (I used the spoon to take a spoonful and see how much would be left if I drank that amount of soup. Conclusion: maybe about 3 more spoonfuls and poof! No more). It was too ridiculous to be ignored. However, I really do hope that I would get to post a positive update soon.
We love, love, love this place. Just can’t get enough of it. One of the many reasons why we’re so fond of Porto is that they have a special menu that they change every once in several months so that you can try something new every once in a while. They have a main menu (with lots of choices) that they don’t change, and they’ve got a separate special menu that is based on different countries. As of now, that menu is based on Greek cuisine (they’ve had Italian and Czech once as well). Moreover, we feel that every dish has been made with extra care and so much thought has been put into producing it. Bottom line: this restaurant is a MUST go. Continue reading →
Indonesia is made up of countless islands with many range of different types of cultures and of course, food. Sundanese food is one that is quite common here in Bandung. Raja Rasa is one of many people’s favourite places to go to for good Sundanese food. Continue reading →
We love dim sum. Our whole family does. From time to time we’ll eat at another one of our favorite Chinese restaurants in Bandung – The Duck King. It’s located inside the Paris Van Java Mall, arguably the most popular mall around. Convenient huh? Anyway, for this food trip, we only had dishes that are listed on the paper menu (placemat) for dim sum. We’ll probably give a different review for the other non-dim sum dishes another day. Continue reading →
Archives Select Month September 2016 August 2016 June 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 October 2015 September 2015 July 2015 June 2015 April 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014
American Asian Auckland Australia Bandung Breakfast/Brunch Cafe Chinese Christchurch Coffee Complaint Dessert Dim Sum European Fine Dining Fusion Greek High Tea Indonesia Indonesian Italian Japanese Kaikoura Korean Lake Tekapo Late Night Malaysian Mediterranean Melbourne Mexican New Zealand Seafood Singapore Spanish/Portuguese Sundanese Sydney Taiwanese Taupo Thai Vegetarian Vietnamese Wellington Western
I had quite a great time at Table Manners. I was told it’s a gem of the East and it wasn’t so difficult to see why. It’s a fun place, with excellent food and lively atmosphere. What sets it apart from most brunch places is the concept of the menu. You get to sort of customise your own meal. Feeling carnivorous? Don’t add the veggies. I quite like their “Build Your Own Platter” menu. They’ve also got some very creative paper place mats that might help break the ice a bit on your first date with that special someone. Intrigued yet? Well for me, I had quite a lot of fun and enjoyed my food there.
I was happy when I finally had the chance to visit the popular brunch place with my friends- GRUB. I think we quite enjoyed our food there, despite being seated at a non-air conditioned area on a usual hot afternoon. We had our late lunch there and the place was still packed even though I think it was an awkward time to have lunch. GRUB is located inside a huge park and at a considerably central area in Singapore. So go ahead grab your running shoes, go for a morning jog around the park and have a nice brunch. At least you won’t have to feel guilty stuffing yourself with food, food, and food.
Chock Full of Beans is famous for their 3D coffee art and I have to admit that it was one of the main reasons I went there. True enough, the coffee art was exceptional and I’m sure it appealed to mostly the female population. The cafe is packed on Sunday mornings and because the place is rather small, large groups of people would have to queue and wait for quite a while. The indoor area (meaning air-conditioned) only had about 5 tables so for those who extremely hate the heat, go early and beat the crowd! On my first visit, I was lucky to be on holiday so I was able to go on a Wednesday late morning when there was no queue. I had an overall cheerful lunch experience despite the drizzle on that day, thanks to the cute coffee art and good food! The location isn’t fantastic for those in the West or Central area of Singapore, but it’s worth the trip.
Casa da Maquina - Loja de ferramentas e máquinas. Controle de Pragas - Melhores ofertas de Controle de Pragas na Casa da Maquina
The year 2018 is a monumental year for the Rotary Club of Idaho Falls. In celebration of 100 years of Service Above Self – Rotary’s motto – the club will assist in the historic groundbreaking of Heritage Park and welcomes Rotary International President, Ian Risely.
The Rotary Club of Idaho Falls was established on February 4, 1918 at the Eleanor Hotel. Today, there are 150 active members.
In addition to the long-standing commitment to improvements along the Greenbelt and River Walk in Idaho Falls and the annual Duck Race event, the Idaho Falls Rotary Club has been active in many elements of international service and missions associated with Rotary International.
Idaho Falls Rotarians individually have contributed more than $670,000 to the Rotary Foundation, which transforms gifts into service projects that change lives, both in our community and around the world.
Those service projects fall within six areas of focus: 1) peace and conflict resolution; 2) disease prevention and treatment; 3) water and sanitation; 4) maternal and child health; 5) basic education and literacy; 6) and economic and community development.
If you have any questions before making a purchase, chat with our online operaters to get more informations.
The Talos Principle is a first-person puzzle game in the tradition of philosophical science fiction. Made by Croteam, the creators of Serious Sam, and written by Tom Jubert (FTL, The Swapper) and Jonas Kyratzes (The Sea Will Claim Everything). As if awakening from a deep sleep, you find yourself in a strange, contradictory world of ancient ruins and advanced technology. Tasked by your creator with solving a series of increasingly complex puzzles, you must decide whether to have faith or to ask the difficult questions: Who are you? What is your purpose? And what are you going to do about it?
Valuable information. Fortunate me I found your site unintentionally, and I am stunned why this coincidence didn’t took place earlier! I bookmarked it.
You made certain nice points there. I did a search on the topic and found nearly all people will consent with your blog.
I happen to be writing to let you understand what a remarkable discovery our daughter enjoyed studying your site. She picked up numerous pieces, which included what it’s like to have an excellent giving mood to have the mediocre ones just learn about specified very confusing subject areas. You actually exceeded her expectations. Thank you for supplying such effective, dependable, informative and as well as easy tips about that topic to Gloria.
Hello my friend! I want to say that this article is awesome, nice written and include approximately all vital infos. I would like to see more posts like this.
appropriately (note that the y, o, u are the first 3 letters of your account name.. (run pwd to find out the path).
Each of the Foswiki directories (including the root directory) needs an .htaccess file; these allow indeed a per-directory configuration for the web server.
Templates for these .htaccess files are distributed with Foswiki and can be found in the root directory. It concerns
For all these .htaccess files, chances are that the default content is fine to get started. For the the bin/.htaccess file, however, it is compulsory to edit
The following changes are not required for Foswiki 2.0. To get to step 4, you will need to comment out ( # signifies a comment) the following lines in the bin/.htaccess file (GoDaddy's server appears not to give you access to the htpasswd file..)
Point your browser to the Foswiki root directory. You will see a word of welcome and find some links to important files. One of these is the bin/configure script which you can run by clicking on the `Configure Script' link.
The Configure script will guess paths and asks you to adapt or confirm these. Click Save - You will also be prompted to create an admin password.
Once you clicked through the configure forms, you will be able to use and administrate your Foswiki site.
Navigate to your new wiki - Configure will provide you with a link. Click Register and fill in the form for a user and password that you will use to access configure
If you access your configuration from a fixed static IP, you can change the Allow from line to match that IP address for further security.
If you are installing Foswiki 1.0.9, you may find that Wysiwyg editing doesn't work - there is a new version that resolves this issue:
Please note that these instructions nearly worked for me. Various workarounds and amendments can be found here: http://foswiki.org/Support/Question704
The copyright of the content on this website is held by the contributing authors, except where stated elsewhere. See Copyright Statement. Legal Imprint Privacy Policy
This website does not use the NatEditPlugin (anymore). Your screenshot suggests you are using the tinymce wysiwyg editor. This editor is known not to work with older versions of the NatEditPlugin. The upcoming / recent version of NatEditPlugin will support the wysiwyg editor.
JoomDev is very proud to introduce you all to the very new and powerful Joomla template framework – Astroid. Astroid is a free, quick and adaptable framework driving you to the universe of unlimited potential outcomes to play with your
Archives Select Month November 2018 (1) October 2018 (1) September 2018 (1) August 2018 (1) July 2017 (1) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) October 2016 (2) September 2016 (1) August 2016 (1) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (1) May 2014 (1) July 2013 (1) May 2013 (1) November 2012 (1) August 2012 (1) January 2011 (1) November 2009 (3) May 2008 (1) December 2007 (1) November 2007 (2) September 2007 (1) August 2007 (1) April 2007 (1) January 2007 (4) October 2006 (2) September 2006 (3) July 2006 (2) June 2006 (1) April 2006 (2) January 2006 (8) December 2005 (3) October 2005 (1) July 2005 (1) June 2005 (3) May 2005 (6) April 2005 (2) March 2005 (1) February 2005 (1) January 2005 (3) December 2004 (2) November 2004 (1) October 2004 (1) September 2004 (2) August 2004 (14) July 2004 (1) May 2004 (2)
Disclaimer Although every attempt is made to ensure the accuracy of the information above, due to the possibility of human error, we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the displayed information. Prices displayed are plus taxes, license and administration fee, if applicable. Please contact the dealership should there be any discrepancies.
If you are looking for Husband And Wife Shirts, couple shirts, who are dating, you have come to the right place coupleoutifts.com.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the undersigned has been appointed Co-Personal Representatives of this estate. All persons having claims against this estate are required to present their claims within two months after the date of the first publication of this Notice or the claims will be forever barred. Claims must be presented to Sandra K. McMurray and Gregory W. Barr, Co-Personal Representatives, or filed with the Second Judicial District Court, Bernalillo County Courthouse, Post OfficeBox 488,Albuquerque,New Mexico87103.
My name is Michele, I am wife to my wonderful husband Bryant and the mother of two beautiful girls, Paige born in 2009 and Keira born in 2011. Paige was quite the surprise when we found out I was pregnant. My husband and I had been married 15 years, it wasn't that we didn't like kids, we actually loved kids! We were always the couple happy to babysit our friends kids and enjoyed being the fun ... continue reading...
air travel with infant air travel with toddler better sleep butter chicken satay children learning clean eating diet Disney on Netflix dōTERRA eat better eat healthier get more sleep good nights sleep Grand Luxxe Neuvo Vallarta Grand Mayan Neuvo Vallarta healthy eating home organization i am enough Jambalaya kids bedtime kids sleep kitchen organization lack of sleep LeapFrog Tag Reader Linen closet organization mac and cheese margarine Mexico Safe Mexico vacation Mexico with kids my cio new year new year new you panasonic countertop induction oven Pantry Organization Puerto Vallarta vacation Real food rested kids review LeapFrog sleep small pantry organization travel with infant travel with toddler water
This is the third in a series of articles on “Engagement: Charting a Course for Healthcare Electronic Marketing Success.” See the first article here and the second article here.
Our study of engagement—as referenced in our white paper, Are Your Fans Customers and Your Customers Fans?, and on our Facebook Engagement Quotient (EQ) Chart—focuses on engagement with the goal of increasing a return on investment (ROI) and achieving business, as well as care, objectives. Clearly, there could be other goals for HEM, even other definitions of engagement. But, for us, it’s about enhancing and streamlining how hospitals connect with and care for their patients. This has evolved from our 10 years’ experience helping hospitals and healthcare systems create relevant connections with their patients. Quality content was our base, but we quickly discovered that, for superior engagement, more than superior content is required. Content is only one ingredient in HEM success.
At the same time, content must be of the highest quality. It should be well understood by anyone who has ever searched for health information on the Internet that reliable sources are few and far between. Therefore, hospitals have an opportunity to offer a different class of content—and they must.
In addition, the delivery mechanism of that content should be easy and automatic. It cannot require undue effort by hospital staff or patients (who, you’ll recall, are not just the recipients of your messages but your partners in marketing). No one today can afford these costs of time and effort. But for the content and delivery mechanism to effectively connect your patients with your services, you must have the ability to customize and control your messages. This may seem obvious for social media, yet how often do you address your patients’ top health needs and connect those to your resources? And how do you tailor traditional electronic communication, such as email, to those needs?
Chris Boyer, the director of digital marketing and communications for INOVA Health System in the Washington, D.C. metro area, addressed this in a recent interview for Healthcare Strategy Alert[1]:
“People don’t want to hear about technologies or service line growth initiatives. They want information that can help them improve or manage their health. We have over 1,000 fans on Facebook—not because we are selling them da Vinci robots, but because we are using Facebook as a way to discuss health-related information that might be relevant to them. Every day we put up three to five links that readers might find valuable … information that people tend to like, tend to follow, and tend to promote. So now what you have is that ever-elusive word-of-mouth marketing.”
Boyer is right; the next active ingredient—like the yeast that helps the bread rise—is links of high value to your customers. The ability to include relevant links or other hospital-specific information is critical. This is true regardless of channel or the nature of the communication. (A good benchmark to aim for is to have 30%–50% of your posts pertain to your patients’ health, not just to promoting your institution.)
Engaging your patients is far more valuable when content relates directly to their needs and links them to your resources for the support and referrals they are seeking. Therefore, links can be key contributors to your engagement success. The value of links is substantiated by research: 34% of Internet users, or 25% of adults, have read someone else’s commentary or experience about health on an online news group, website or blog.
If you look at our Facebook EQ Chart, links are included as a key ingredient in engagement success, even though the most important aspect of those links, the clicks, is not publicly available. Links, then, are included as a proxy for clicks, the true engagement ingredient. Think of it this way: While it’s easy to “like” a post (seven times more so compared to comments or clicks, based on the Facebook pages we evaluate weekly), it takes more effort to write a comment.
Next time, we’ll examine why tracking is so important and how there’s more to it than you might think.
1 “Putting Social Networks to Work: How to Strategically Apply Social Media,” by Debbie Reczynski, Healthcare Strategy Alert, 2011 Issue 1, Forum for Healthcare Strategists, produced in cooperation with Coffey Communications Inc.
Posted by Betsy Weaver, Ed.D. at 10:48 am	Tagged with: business objectives, content, conversation, email, engagement, Facebook, healthcare, hospitals, marketing, metrics, patient communication, patient education, ROI, social media, Twitter
Your furniture and area rugs are used just as often and are just as important as the carpets in your home. Our certified technicians are specially trained in the care of all fabric types,even the most delicate, so you can feel comfortable in knowing they'll choose the proper cleaning solution for your upholstery and rugs.
With heart wood color similar to black cherry, Jatoba is often marketed as "Brazilian Cherry". It is a very dense, oily lumber that is excellent for outdoor applications. Finishing can be a problem- Jatoba exudes so much oil that nothing wants to stick to it!
Jatoba can also be used for interior furniture but there are other species that tool better and are easier to finish. It does make superior flooring.
Com is not a lender and does not make loan or credit decisions. WhiteRockLoans. com connects interested persons with a lender from its network of approved lenders.
WhiteRockLoans. com does not control mahindra financial personal loan is not responsible for the actions or inactions of any lender, is not an agent, representative or broker of any lender, and does not endorse any lender. WhiteRockLoans. com receives compensation from its lenders, often based on a ping-tree model similar to Google AdWords where the highest available bidder is connected to the consumer.
14 APR вЂў Late Fee: 20 charge, 521. 43 APR вЂў Short Term Loan: 10 charge, 260. 71 APR. Implications of Late Payment. If you are unable to repay your loan on time for any reason, please contact your lender as soon as possible.
Late payment fees are set by your lender in accordance with the regulations in your state, and lenders also determine their own policies in regard to how they handle late payments. There are several courses of mahindra financial personal loan that your lender may take, so you should check your loan agreement for specific information that pertains to your lender.
Jail time. No - but threats are common. Failure to repay a loan is not a criminal offense. In fact, its illegal for a lender to threaten a borrower with arrest or jail. Nonetheless, some payday lenders have succeeded in using bad-check laws to file criminal complaints against borrowers, with judges erroneously rubber-stamping the complaints.
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau advises anyone threatened with arrest for nonpayment to contact his or her state attorney generals office. You should never ignore a court order to appear in court, even if the criminal complaint was filed mistakenly. A chance to negotiate. A lender would rather collect money mahindra financial personal loan from you than sell your debt to an outside collections agency. Third-party debt collectors may pay just a few pennies on the dollar to buy your debt.
Cash transfer times and terms may vary from lender to lender. Consumer Notice: We remind that payday loans and online personal loans for small dollar amounts are not a long term financial solution. These credit options imply relatively high interest rates and become a very costly solution if used improperly. Consumers that seek funds for longer terms or debt relief should consult credit advisor prior to making credit mahindra financial personal loan of taking a short term or an online personal loan for small dollar amount.
E signature payday loans online. We commit to connecting you with an approved lender. We also made the process simple.
This is a complete bibliography of books and journals in Home Economics Archive: Research, Tradition, History, organized by both author and title or by publication year:
Hydronic heating is becoming an increasingly popular choice for heating during the cold winters in Mount Martha. It is one of the quietest forms of heating currently available.
If your hydronic heater breaks down on a cold Mount Martha winter's day it is a big problem. That's why at Heat Cool express we fix them quickly and at a competitive price with availability 24/7 and same day service.
Deciding to install a hydronic heating system is a big decision and there are many factors to take into account.
Heat Cool Express and its team of Mount Martha based technical experts can help you make the right decision that suits both your home and lifestyle.
It is important, but often forgotten that hydronic heaters need to be serviced and maintained on a regular basis.
Heat Cool Express offer a fast and competitive service that gives you peace of mind that your hydronic heater will not fail through the winters in Mount Martha. We specialise in all forms of heating maintenance including hydronic heaters - so you know you can trust us.
Heat Cool Express is one of the best heating and cooling specialists in Mount Martha. We repair, install, service and maintain all major brands of heaters, air conditioners and hot water systems.
Some of the popular brands that we service include Brivis, Samsung, Panasonic, Fujitsu, Lennox, LG, and Daikon. If your brand is not listed don't worry as our experienced technicians can fix just about every brand of air conditioner, heater or hot water system.
We have over 10 years experience so we know what we are doing! We also perform carbon monoxide testing to keep you and your family safe.
Contact us for a free quote on all your heating, cooling or hot water system needs by calling 1300 667 073 or by sending us an email.
Here are 10 parades to consider throughout the year that celebrate holidays and traditions and give student marching bands the opportunity to showcase their talents to a local and national audience.
Students can be a part of the Disney magic by performing on stage, marching in parades and participating in workshops at Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida as a part of the Disney Performing Arts OnStage program.
The year-round program includes performing on stage in one of the theme parks or in a parade in the Magic Kingdom. Optional workshops with Disney cast members are available.
Some of the workshops include Jazz It Up, You’re Instrumental! and Disney’s Auxiliration (Flag Unit). Jazz It Up includes a rehearsal and a recording session of jazz versions of Disney songs. You’re Instrumental! includes sight-reading, practicing and performing Disney musical selections in a studio environment. Disney’s Auxiliration (Flag Unit) includes a rehearsal for auxiliary units and color guard to learn how to work together as a unit. Workshops are available for middle school, high school and college bands.
In order to apply, band directors should submit the required materials at least eight weeks before the desired performance date. Applications can be accepted up to one year in advance. Audition materials will be evaluated based on appearance and costumes; music, choreography and marching skills; showmanship and stage presence, accompanists, and overall show value. Disney also offers the program at Disneyland in Anaheim, California.
In its 43rd year, the Fort McDowell Fiesta Bowl Parade on Dec. 28 will show the “Spirit of the Southwest” by showcasing brightly colored floats, giant helium balloons, participants in the Fiesta Bowl Band Championship, winners of the Fiesta Bowl Twirl-Pom-Cheer & Flag Championship, and the Fiesta Bowl Queen & Court. Presented by the Fort McDowell Yavapai Nation, the parade is a two-mile route in downtown Phoenix.
The Fiesta Bowl Band Championship held in conjunction with the parade is one of the longest running events in the Fiesta Bowl Festival of Events. It is the only major bowl parade with judged bands. The event is known to be one of the most prestigious high school band competitions in the U.S. Eight bands advance in pursuit of the Grand Master’s Trophy. The Fiesta Bowl has hosted highly rated bands from 44 states. The field show is held at the University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona.
This year marks the 86th anniversary of one of the country’s biggest parades with 3.5 million people in attendance and 50 million TV viewers across the country. The 10,000 participants include performance groups, giant balloons, floats and the best U.S. marching bands. There were 10 high school and college bands in 2013 as well as the Macy’s Great American Marching Band, which has 250 marchers from all 50 states. Band directors can submit an application video to the Macy’s Band Selection Committee and the decision is made by early May.
During the band’s visit, students can attend a Broadway show, take a harbor cruise to view the Statue of Liberty or see others perform at Carnegie Hall, Radio City Music Hall or Lincoln Center.
Students get a chance to march along Chicago’s Magnificent Mile on Michigan Avenue to start the holiday season on Nov. 23. The Magnificent Mile Lights Festival features an evening parade with lighted floats, balloons and characters from Walt Disney World Resort. The parade is limited to five or six marching bands.
During the procession, the trees light up at the moment the participants pass. There are more than a million spectators on the route from Oak Street to Wacker Drive. The festival also includes live music at Lights Festival Lane and a fireworks show over the Chicago River as the parade ends.
The National Cherry Blossom Festival Parade takes place during the two-week National Cherry Blossom Festival in mid-April. The parade entertains 300,000 people with helium balloons, floats, dancers, singers and marching bands celebrating the arrival of spring.
The annual festival honors the gift of cherry trees from a Tokyo mayor in 1912 to symbolize the growing alliance between the U.S. and Japan. Since 1935, the festival has grown to include numerous events, finishing with the parade and street festival.
The one-mile route goes down Constitution Avenue from 7th Street to 17th Street. It passes historical buildings along the way, including the National Archives, Department of Justice, Smithsonian Museums, Washington Monument and White House.
This year featured nine high school bands from Washington D.C., Mississippi, Virginia, Louisiana, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Florida and Texas. The National Cherry Blossom Marching Band featured two high school bands from Maryland.
The parade allows 90-member marching bands or more. Bands are accepted on a rolling basis throughout the year with a Sept. 15 deadline the year before the next parade.
The Nation’s Capital is the best place to celebrate the Fourth of July and student’s can march along with military, specialty units and floats. The parade rolls past national monuments and thousands of spectators on Constitution Avenue from 7th to 17th Street
The Parade National Selection Committee strives for representation from all 50 states. Bands are selected based on their geography, quality and diversity. The application deadline is Jan. 15 of the year of the parade and a decision is made by Feb. 15.
The Music Celebrations International organization can make arrangements for an unforgettable trip for participating marching bands. While staying in D.C., students can enjoy the National Folklife Festival on the Mall as well as “A Capitol Fourth,” a PBS concert at the Capitol Building featuring the National Symphony Orchestra and a fireworks show.
Held since 1762, the New York City St. Patrick’s Day Parade has kept with tradition by being entirely on foot – no vehicles are allowed. About 50 high school bands take part. Other participants include bagpipe bands, NYPD and FDNY bands, military bands and college bands.
The parade features the National Guard’s 69th Regiment, Irish societies of New York City, Irish-language and nationalist societies as well as many high schools and colleges. There are 150,000-250,000 marchers every year performing in front of two million spectators on Fifth Avenue and half a million television viewers.
The parade starts at 44th street at 11 a.m. on March 17 unless it falls on a Sunday and is then held the 16th. It works its way up Fifth Avenue past St. Patrick’s Cathedral at 50th Street to the Metropolitan Museum of Art, then to the American Irish Historical Society at 83rd Street, finishing at 86th Street around 4:30-5 p.m.
Bands are judged in one of two classes – more than or less than 100 members. Judges from the Eastern Marching Band Association rate the bands from two locations.
The Parade Committee is always looking to invite new high school bands to march. Bands are as large as 300 members and as small as 60. Band applications for the 2014 parade will be processed on a rolling basis until the 2014 lineup is full.
The Portland Rose Festival Grand Floral Parade in early June is one of the largest all-floral parades and the biggest spectator event in Oregon. At least 500,000 people watch the 4.3-mile parade that starts at the Memorial Coliseum and goes through downtown Portland. Bands are judged during a part of the parade. In 2007 and 2011, the festival was dubbed the Best Festival in the World by the International Festivals and Events Association.
The Grand Floral Parade features participating bands from In-State and Out-of-State divisions as well as a sweepstakes. It also includes a Specialty Music Award, exhibition bands, flag and dance, and cheerleading.
In the evening Starlight Parade a week earlier, bands and glowing floats thrill 250,000 spectators. Both parades feature the One More Time Around Again Marching Band, which is an all-ages band featuring more than 500 members from throughout the U.S.
This two-day event gives students a chance to honor America’s veterans and showcase their talents. On Nov. 11, the Band of Pride Tribute features a band rally on the flight deck of the U.S.S. Midway, with all of the student marchers who will participate in the parade. A guest conductor and T-shirts are provided as the students perform on the aircraft carrier in front of an audience. There is a box lunch after the performance and students are free to take a look around the aircraft carrier.
On Nov. 12, marching bands will perform in the historic Gaslamp District in the San Diego Veterans Day Parade. Students can experience a pre-parade band competition judged by members of the Southern California School Band & Orchestra Association. Trophies will be awarded to the top bands, drum majors and auxiliary units.
After the parade, students can enjoy the Awards Dinner Dance Cruise on San Diego Bay. NYC Group Tours is the official marching band sponsor of the tribute and parade.
The Rose Parade, known for its elaborate, flower-designed floats, is one of the biggest marching opportunities of the year. Known as America’s New Year Celebration, the Jan. 1 spectacle has a million spectators with tens of millions watching on television around the world. Selected bands have the opportunity to march in the six-mile parade, take a photo in front of the Rose Bowl stadium and perform with other bands in a three-day field show at Bandfest.
Bands are selected based on musical ability, marching skills, individuality and entertainment value. To be qualified, bands have to be able to perform field shows while marching in a parade block. Bands of all sizes are encouraged to apply. Geographic diversity is encouraged and bands from other countries participate as well.
Applications for the 2015 Rose Parade were due May 31. Invitations are issued in the fall more than a year in advance in order to allow bands time to raise money for the trip.
There is no doubt your student travelers will leave the city with a smile on their faces. Baltimore’s maritime traditions will take student tour groups back to the early days of this modest, hard-working port town.
Our marching band (located in Michigan) has been invited to play in a parade in Canada this coming July. I understand that each person will need proper identification to cross the border, but do you know what paperwork is required to bring the musical instruments, banners, flags, and other band equipment over the border and then back again into the US? If not, do you know where I could find an answer to this question?
The Trail Blazers believe that last season was an anomaly and that Meyers Leonard’s best years are still ahead of him. That’s why they agreed to terms with the restricted free agent on a four-year, $41 million contract.
Sources: Meyers Leonard agrees to four-year, $41 million extension with Portland. @WojVerticalNBA on @TheVertical. https://t.co/PGFo46PrPx
The 7-1 Leonard battled injuries and inconsistency throughout the 2015-16 campaign, 8.4 points and 5.1 rebounds. He began the season in the starting lineup, but struggled to produce on a consistent basis.
Leonard suffered a dislocated shoulder in November, eventually returned and then tore his labrum in March, which required surgery that ended the season. He did not participate in the playoffs. Following surgery, he has been cleared to embark on a rehab program and expects to be ready for the start of training camp.
The Blazers made Leonard the No. 11 pick in the 2012 draft and believe that his size, shooting ability and athletic skills make him a good fit in head coach Terry Stotts’ offense.
What began with the expectation of a rebuilding project ended with the Portland Trail Blazers as the surprise team of the season in the second round of the playoffs and now with coach Terry Stotts getting a contract extension.
The Blazers will exercise their team option on Stotts’ contract for the 2016-17 season, then add on three more years that will run through 2020, according to a report by Adrian Wojnarowski of The Vertical.
Portland and coach Terry Stotts have reached agreement on a contract extension, league sources tell @TheVertical.
Stotts finished second behind Golden State’s Steve Kerr in the 2015-16 Coach of the Year voting after leading the Blazers to a 44-38 record, the No. 5 seed and a win over the L.A. Clippers in the first round of the playoffs. It was the second time in Stotts’ four seasons in Portland that he took the team to the Western Conference semifinals.
It was a remarkable coaching job done by Stotts after the Blazers lost their top scorer LaMarcus Aldridge to San Antonio in free agency last summer, then continued a turnover of the roster that saw three other starters — Nicolas Batum, Wesley Matthews and Robin Lopez — also leave the team.
Stotts did not make it past a second season in either of his previous head coaching jobs in Atlanta and Milwaukee. But after spending four years as the offensive guru on Rick Carlisle’s staff in Dallas — including the championship season in 2011 — Stotts has posted a 182-146 (.555) mark in four years in Portland, including three straight winning records and trips to the playoffs.
His success in the standings has not only won Stotts fans in the Portland community, but more importantly within the Blazers’ locker room, where he’s developed a solid bond with his players and reputation as a developer of young talent.
There had been speculation about the team waiting to pick up the last year option on Stotts’ contract. But reportedly Blazers owner Paul Allen and general manager Neil Olshey just wanted to wait for the conclusion of Portland’s playoff run to make their offer of a new deal.
PORTLAND, Ore. — Chris Paul of the Clippers fractured the third metacarpal in his right hand in the third quarter of Monday’s 98-84, Game 4 loss to the Trail Blazers, sidelining him the rest of Monday night and likely the remainder of the first round series, which is now tied at two games apiece. Paul suffered the injury when his hand hit the lower back of the Blazers’ Gerald Henderson as Henderson drove to the basket.
There was no immediate timetable from the Clippers when their All-Star point guard might return to action.
L.A. was 16.6 points per 100 possessions better with Paul on the floor than they were with him on the bench in the regular season. Among players who logged at least 1,000 minutes, only Draymond Green and Stephen Curry had a higher on-off-court NetRtg differential. In the first round, the Clippers are a plus-30 in 125 minutes with Paul on the floor and a minus-11 in 67 minutes with him off the floor. Paul scored his team’s first 12 points on Monday.
“He’ll get evaluated tomorrow,” Clippers coach Doc Rivers said about Paul, “but it obviously doesn’t look very good for him.”
“He runs the team,” Blazers coach Terry Stotts said. “He’s been having an outstanding series. They’re a different team without him.”
Game 5 is Wednesday in Los Angeles, with Austin Rivers likely starting at point guard in place of Paul. Clippers power forward Blake Griffin also left Monday’s game after reinjuring his left quad, and guard J.J. Redick has been dealing with a bruised left heel.
“We’re not sure with Blake yet,” Rivers said. “He’ll get evaluated tomorrow when we get back. I would say 50/50 on the next game with him. I expect him to be back, but we don’t know that yet.”
No. 1: Lue, Cavs take another step forward — It’s been barely a week and only five games, but Tyronn Lue has the Cavaliers playing with more zip and zest, according to Dave McMenamin of ESPN.com. The team is now 4-1 since Lue took over as head coach for David Blatt and was humming on all cylinders in taking apart the contending Spurs on Saturday night:
“I don’t put a lot of emphasis on it,” Lue said. “I just want to make sure our style of basketball is what we want to play. I know it’s a big game because it’s the San Antonio Spurs, but it’s only one game for us. If we take care of our business and do what we’re supposed to do, we don’t have to beat this team until June.”
Skeptics will say this was a classic case of an underpromise and overdeliver by Lue. If you set expectations low, you can control the threshold for what is deemed a success.
However, after watching the Cavs completely handle the Spurs 117-103 while playing a get-it-and-go brand of basketball that Lue introduced the team to when he took over a week ago, it’s easy to see the merit in Lue’s point.
If the Cavaliers can beat a great team such as the Spurs, albeit without Tim Duncan, just a week into playing this way and can look like the best version of themselves while doing so, how good can they look in four or five months, when the games really matter?
There was a lot to like about this game, starting with the offensive balance among LeBron James, Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love, who all topped the 20-point plateau for the second consecutive game.
“I think our team responded well, playing fast, getting easy shots, Kyrie and LeBron attacking early, and then Kevin in the low post and making jump shots, so I thought tonight was a picture-perfect way of how we want to play,” Lue said. “The guys came out and executed it.”
HOUSTON — The situation was unpleasantly familiar. Late in the third quarter and the Rockets down by 17 points.
But on the first night of what they hope will be a turnaround to a miserable start that cost Kevin McHale his job, the Rockets showed their first real sign of fight in the season.
It took a running 30-footer by Corey Brewer with 0.9 seconds left in regulation time to give the Rockets a chance to pull out a 108-103 over the Trail Blazers and give J.B. Bickerstaff his first career win as a head coach.
“It’s what we needed,” Bickerstaff said. “The way it happen, I say, is the way it needed to happen. You know, our guys were down. We’ve been down before. Ten point leads stretched to 20 point leads. So for us to be down in the fourth quarter and show perseverance, show fight, show the grit, toughness and togetherness speaks volumes for our guys. Speaks volumes for the commitment to what we’re trying to do.”
The earliest change in the Bickerstaff era was replacing point guard Ty Lawson in the starting lineup with Jason Terry. But the most noticeable difference was the Rockets finally not hanging their heads and packing it in when Portland built a 69-52 lead.
This time James Harden flashed back to last season’s form and went on the attack in the fourth quarter and finished with 45 points, 11 assists, eight rebounds and five steals. According to the Elias Sports Bureau, he is the first player in NBA history to post those numbers in a single game since steals became an official stat back in 1973-74.
More important for the Rockets, Harden became the spark the turned into the raging fire that led to 56 wins a year ago rather than the disinterested 32 percent shooter of this season’s 4-7 start.
“There was a concentration,” Bickerstaff said. “There was a focus. There was a commitment to it. Hard, difficult. No matter what the situation was, he fought through it. He prepared his guys. He talked to his guys.”
“I think it’s to get back to who we were, who we’ve been. Who we were when we had our most success. Last year we were a 5-6 (ranked) defensive team in the league. You look at where we are this year and we’re near the bottom. We’re a transition team and some of that stems from our defense. We get out and run because we created so many turnovers last year. So that’s the plan. We got to get back to that. We’ve got to be aggressive defensively, turn people over. We’ve got to protect the paint. We’ve got to protect one another and we’ve got to get out in transition and make people pay.”
“We started playing the right way, the way we’ve been playing the last year or so,” Brewer said. “We made a lot of shots. We got a lot of open looks.
“We had extra fire because we lost four in a row. Doesn’t matter what happened today, whether coach got fired or not. We needed a win and we got a win.”
It’s an amazing distinction, one that can be argued for eternity when it comes to NBA champions, given that being the best in any given season in the best basketball league on the planet automatically qualifies a team for the best ever conversation.
There is no way to accurately compare champions from one era to the next. It’s a subjective endeavor, no matter what sort of data you bring to the party.
What about the 1992 Chicago Bulls or the 1996 Bulls? Or perhaps you’re a believer in the 2001 Lakers or the 2003 San Antonio Spurs?
Those are just some of your choices in settling this age-old debate that will be addressed this season with NBA TV’s Fan Night #NBABEST Tournament. The bracket (above) is set.
We start things today with the 2006 Miami Heat against the 2008 Celtics. Dwyane Wade and Shaquille O’Neal going head-to-head with Paul Pierce, Kevin Garnett, Ray Allen and the “Big 3” Celtics. Pat Riley matching wits against Doc Rivers.
Join the conversation on who would win via social media (Tweet @NBATV #NBABEST1 for the 2006 Heat or #NBABEST2 for the 2008 Celtics). The results will be announced during NBA TV’s postgame coverage of tonight’s Fan Night game between the Heat and Atlanta Hawks from Miami with TNT’s and NBA TV’s Ernie Johnson, Greg Anthony and Chris Webber (7:30 p.m. ET, NBA TV).
Rookie Russell continues to ruffle feathers with Lakers, fans | Bulked up Anthony Davis ready to stretch his game | Report: Raptors an option for Thompson in 2016
No. 1: Rookie Russell continues to ruffle feathers with Lakers, fans — The most intriguing training camp in the NBA might not involve the champion Golden State Warriors or their foe from The Finals, the Cleveland Cavaliers. If rookie D’Angelo Russell‘s summer, on and off the court, is any indication all eyes will be on outspoken Los Angeles Lakers’ rookie and one Kobe Bryant. Russell’s been a busy man, ruffling feathers with every post on social media (never slight Kobe to the hometown fans, young fella, with Tweets calling Tracy McGrady the greatest player of all time), and this after an uneven Summer League showing. Mark Medina of the Los Angeles Daily News has more on Russell’s latest dust-up, which includes Russell calling a lot of Lakers fans “spoiled:
With one click of a button, Lakers rookie point guard D’Angelo Russell made an impassioned fan base more upset than anything regarding his Summer League play.
Russell suggested in a tweet nearly two weeks ago that Tracy McGrady is the greatest player of all time. Lakers guard Kobe Bryant and his legions of fans expressed their disapproval over Russell’s since-deleted tweet, though Russell said Bryant “was cool” about the incident.
“There’s a lot of spoiled Lakers fans. I wasn’t downgrading Kobe at all,” Russell said Saturday in an interview with the Los Angeles News Group. “I was just watching a highlight tape of Tracy McGrady and I got excited. I tweeted and the whole state of California went crazy.”
Russell signed autographs and took pictures with Lakers fans on Saturday at The Grove, where he made a promotional appearance for Birchbox, which gave him a box of the company’s fragrance and skin-care products. Russell hopes to hear cheers when he throws out the first pitch for the Dodgers-Giants game on Monday night at Dodger Stadium.
But after spending the past month completing morning workouts and pickup scrimmages at the Lakers’ practice facility in El Segundo, Russell sounded eager for his workload to grow. Among the first items to check off: Russell wants to meet both with Bryant and the recently retired Steve Nash.
“I’m trying to figure out their mentality with each practice and each game. How do they manage to be around the game for so long and be successful?” said Russell, whom the Lakers selected second overall out of Ohio State in this year’s draft. “I want to learn how to stick around this league. I don’t think there’s a cheat code to it. But the sooner you find it out, the better you’ll be.”
Russell could find out in about a month, when the Lakers begin training camp. Then, Russell will have his first chance to rectify his Las Vegas Summer League performance. As the Lakers went 1-4 during that stretch, Russell averaged 11.8 points on 37.7 percent shooting and had more turnovers (3.5) than assists (3.2). But Russell suggested what happened in Vegas will stay in Vegas.
“A lot of guys translate it over when it’s time, and a lot of guys don’t,” Russell said about Summer League. “I just want to be one of those guys that bring it when it matters.”
No. 1: Leonard says he’ll step up for Blazers — After making a commitment to one serious partnership by getting married this summer, now Trail Blazers big man Meyers Leonard says he’s ready to strengthen the bonds with teammate Damian Lillard in order to move the team forward. In the aftermath of LaMarcus Aldridge bolting to San Antonio, Lillard is at the forefront of Portland’s move in a new direction. But Leonard wants to help with the heavy lifting, according to Dwight Jaynes of Comcast SportsNet NW:
“Obviously, Dame and I are the guys who have been here the longest and he’s going to be our leader. But I hope to be right there by his side, kind of a co-leader, right there having his back through the ups and downs,” Leonard said Thursday night in Hillsboro.
I admire Leonard’s willingness to publicly apply for that job on this team. Quality leadership is imperative on all teams, not only the ones trying to win a championship but those just trying to improve and find their way in the league. But as everybody knows, people don’t get to be leaders by proclaiming themselves leaders — it comes from others’ willingness to follow them. Sometimes the most talented players become leaders. Others lead by example — which often stems from hard work, sacrifice and charisma.
No. 2: Clippers could choose streaming — As we move deeper into the 21st century, so many of the traditional ways of thinking and acting go out the window. Now the Clippers could be ready to take a new step as they consider the possibility of foregoing the usual method of televising games and streaming them for the 2015-16 season. With Steve Ballmer, the former CEO of Microsoft, now in his second year of owning the club, Dan Woike of the Orange Country Register says it’s being considered:
But could a leap as far as spurning traditional TV distribution for an online-based network happen as soon as 2016? Well, Ballmer’s considering it.
The Clippers recently turned down a $60 million-per-year offer from Fox to remain on Prime Ticket, and while negotiations with the network are ongoing, other options, including a streaming network, are being discussed.
No major professional sports team has bypassed cable in favor of Internet distribution of games, and the chance to be on the forefront of the movement would certainly appeal to someone with Ballmer’s tech background.
The Clippers are expected to counter Fox’s $60 million offer, which is a significant increase from the team’s current deal. The Clippers have one year remaining on their contract with Prime Ticket, which is worth $25 million annually.
Fox had exclusive negotiation rights with the Clippers in June, but the window closed without a new deal. A Fox spokesman declined comment Friday.
No. 3: Boozer to be patient — Despite the talk that he might be ready to head to China or other parts overseas, veteran free agent forward Carlos Boozer isn’t packing his bags just yet. According to Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo Sports, the ex-Laker is hoping to find a need and an open spot with a playoff team for the 2015-16 season:
Yahoo Sources: Likelihood is free agent Carlos Boozer waits for NBA season to start, sees where a need and fit develops with playoff team.
SOME RANDOM HEADLINES: Toure Murry is returning to the Wizards … Jazz sign rookie free agent J.J. O’Brien … Finals MVP Andre Iguodala is taking a bite out of Japan … Isaiah Thomas has been working out with Floyd Mayweather and giving him a few lessons on the court … Luol Deng met with President Obama to talk about South Sudan.
No. 1: Tempered expectations for Stanley Johnson — Any conversation about the rookies most ready to make an impact on their respective teams next season includes the name Stanley Johnson. The Detroit Pistons are counting on it. Johnson has the size, talent and based on what we saw from him in Summer League action the temperament to handle the rigors during his first season as a professional. But as always, the expectations for Johnson and many others in the celebrated Draft class of 2015 need to be tempered, writes Sean Corp in The Detroit Free Press:
Pistons president and coach Stan Van Gundy is even talking about a willingness to start Johnson at either shooting guard or small forward, as he mentioned during an interview with Grantland’s Zach Lowe recently.
However, if history is any indication, expectations for Johnson should be tempered. Rookies struggle, it’s just a fact of NBA life. It’s not a criticism it is an inevitability. Even last year’s All-Stars struggled to find much playing time as rookies. DeMar Derozan (1,664 minutes), LaMarcus Aldridge (1,392) and Paul George (1,265) played sparingly and looked lost on the court much of the time. If Johnson manages to eclipse even that modest amount of playing time (about 18 minutes per game) he will be the exception and not the rule.
Over the past 10 years, NBA lottery picks average just 1,457 minutes in their first NBA season. And Johnson isn’t a typical NBA lottery pick. Less than a month past his 19th birthday at the time of the draft, Johnson will be one of the younger rookies of the past 10 years. Just 12 lottery picks played most of their rookie season as teenagers, averaging just 1,213 minutes. Expanding the range to teens selected at any point in the draft, the average playing time is just 1,050 minutes. Even if you limit the analysis to those players selected 8th overall, like Johnson was, the average playing time is 1,292 minutes.
But what of his current head coach? Here is where a little excitement might be permitted. Van Gundy known nothing but success before arriving in Detroit, and as a consequence he has limited experience with rookies.
During a full season, Van Gundy has coached just six rookies in his career, including three first-rounders. The most prolific, unsurprisingly, is Dwyane Wade. Wade was selected fifth overall in 2003 and played 2,126 minutes, finishing third in the rookie of the year voting. The next year, the Heat selected Dorell Wright out of high school (19th overall) and he played a total of 27 minutes. Van Gundy’s other first-round pick was Courtney Lee in 2008, and Johnson and Lee make for an interesting comparison.
Lee came out of Western Kentucky as a 6-foot-5 combo guard-forward who could shoot the lights out and defend from day one, filling a glaring defensive need in Orlando’s high-powered lineup. He ended up playing 1,939 minutes as a rookie. Johnson, meanwhile, is 6-foot-7, capable of playing multiple spots on the floor, and is expected to be able to defend from day one. This defensive ability, on a team desperate to create the defensive identity Van Gundy is known for, could be Johnson’s ticket to regular playing time.
Is it fair to expect him to play 1,900 minutes like Lee did? No. A combination of competition on the roster, youth, and the history of rookies in the NBA says expecting more than that from Johnson would be an unreasonable expectation. Kevin Durant and LeBron James might have looked like stars from day one, but only because they grew from stars to superstars. For everyone else, a rookie year looks something like what Johnson is likely to experience – irregular playing time, regular mistakes and an invaluable learning experience.
Ujiri leads the charge in Africa | Veteran point guard Miller joins Timberwolves | Matthews: Trail Blazers ‘never made an offer’
No. 1: Ujiri leads the charge in Africa — Toronto Raptors GM Masai Ujiri is at the forefront of the NBA’s Basketball Without Borders initiative in Africa. It’s more than just an obligation from the Ujiri, it’s a passion project years in the making. Our very own Shaun Powell is on the ground in Johannesburg and captured the essence of Ujiri’s mission to serve as an ambassador for the game, and sports in general, on his native continent:
For anyone who might ask why the general manager of the Toronto Raptors is spending his summer threatening to go hoarse half a world away, well, you must know this about Masai Ujiri. When he’s in charge of an NBA franchise, he’s in his element, because his peers find him very astute and a few years ago voted him the game’s top executive. But when he’s developing basketball and teaching life skills to children and young adults in Africa, he’s in his homeland and his own skin, and there is no greater reward or satisfaction or privilege. When and if he wins his first NBA title, that might pull equal to this.
He was in Senegal last week, holding basketball clinics through his foundation, Giants of Africa. Next up: Stops in Ghana, Kenya, Rwanda and also Nigeria, his birthplace. He’ll spend three weeks on this side of the Atlantic with the hope of discovering the next Dikembe Mutombo from these clinics, but would gladly settle for the next surgeon.
This weekend is unique and special because here on Saturday the NBA will stage an exhibition game for the first time in Africa, and the participating NBA players and coaches are warming up by serving as clinic counselors.
One is Chris Paul, and the cheers he gets from campers are the loudest, but even an eight-time All-Star knows he’s not the star of the home team, not on this soil.
Ujiri ricochets from one group of campers to another like a blind bumblebee, carrying an air horn that blows when one session ends and another begins. After five non-stop hours of this he is asked if he’s tired, and no, he’s just amused at the question. Who gets tired from doing their passion?
“I look at these kids and they remind me of me of when I was a young kid,” he says. “I see me through them. All they need is a chance.”
It all runs with precision at this clinic, how the students are disciplined and determined, how their enthusiasm rubs off on the NBA players and coaches, how Ujiri’s vision seems so … right. As Ujiri gave pointers, a Hall of Famer who’s also the pioneer of African basketball stood off to the side, shaking his head, astonished at the spectacle and the man in charge.
“Masai has a lot of passion for this, and helping Africa year after year speaks about the person he is,” says Hakeem Olajuwon. “He is a prince. That’s what he is.”
No. 2: Veteran point guard Miller joins Timberwolves — Kevin Garnett won’t be the only “old head” in the Minnesota Timberwolves’ locker room this season. He’ll have some company in the form of veteran point guard Andre Miller, who agreed to a one-year deal to join the renaissance KG, Flip Saunders and Ricky Rubio are trying to engineer with one of the league’s youngest rosters. Miller’s role is more than just that of an adviser, though, writes Kent Youngblood of the Star Tribune:
It was less than two weeks ago that Flip Saunders, Wolves president of basketball operations, said his team might be in the market for a veteran point guard.
A source confirmed a report that Wolves had come to an agreement on a one-year contract with veteran Andre Miller, who visited the Wolves on Wednesday.
It marks an evolution in Saunders’ thinking. Immediately after moving up to draft former Apple Valley star Tyus Jones late in the first round of the draft, Saunders sounded like he might be happy with Jones as Ricky Rubio’s backup. But the fact that Rubio is coming off ankle surgery and Jones is a rookie ultimately changed Saunders’ mind.
“You don’t want to put the pressure on the young guys so much,” Saunders said two weeks ago. “Hey, listen, we’re always looking to upgrade. It could happen.”
And it did. Miller, 39, is nearing the end of a long career, but his experience should help both Rubio and Jones while giving the Wolves some peace of mind. Originally drafted with the eighth overall pick in the 1999 draft by Cleveland, the 6-2 Miller has averaged 12.8 points and 6.7 assists over 16 seasons while playing for seven teams. Last season between 81 games in Sacramento and Washington, Miller averaged 4.4 points and 3.5 assists per game.
No. 3: Matthews: Trail Blazers ‘never made an offer’: — There is no need for an autopsy on Wes Matthews‘ exit from Portland via free agency. He’s a Dallas Maverick now and apparently for good reason. Matthews told Jason Quick of the Oregonian that the Trail Blazers never made an offer to keep him, allowing the injured free agent to take the offer from the Mavericks and move on after being an integral part of the operation in Rip City.:
He had hoped he could return to the city that had embraced him, to the team with players he considered brothers, to the franchise where he grew into one of the NBA’s most well-rounded and respected shooting guards.
But in the end, after five seasons, the feeling was not mutual. He was greeted with silence. No phone call. No text messages. The Blazers never made an offer.
He believed he was a viable option for teams, even as he continued to rehabilitate a ruptured left Achilles tendon suffered in March. In the days leading up to free agency, Matthews’ camp released video to ESPN showing him jogging in place, utilizing lateral movement and shooting jumpers. He was, he wanted the league to know, ahead of the eight-month recovery time estimated by doctors.
A story also leaked that Matthews expected negotiations to start at $15 million a season, or almost $8 million more than he made last year.
It was a ghastly number for the Blazers, even though they could technically afford him. Paul Allen is the richest owner in sports, but after a lost era during which he paid more than a combined $100 million to Brandon Roy and Greg Oden, only to see their knee injuries become chronic, Allen was wary of paying top dollar to a player coming off a serious injury.
The only chance the Blazers would pursue Matthews, top executive Neil Olshey later explained, was if free agent LaMarcus Aldridge chose to return, maintaining Portland as a playoff-caliber team. When Aldridge chose San Antonio, the Blazers decided to rebuild. Paying big money to a 29-year-old shooting guard coming off major surgery didn’t make long-term sense.
He figured there would be trying times, with harsh realities, after he suffered his injury during the third quarter of a March 5 game against Dallas. Achilles injuries not only test one’s body, they challenge the mind.
He didn’t expect one challenge to come from the team to which he gave so much of his heart, so much of his sweat. Portland’s silence meant he was losing the greatest comfort of his career: a stable starting lineup, an adoring fan base and a rising profile.
SOME RANDOM HEADLINES: Chuck Hayes is headed back to Houston on a partially guaranteed one-year deal … Tyus Jones, the hometown kid, is leading the summer caravan for the Minnesota Timberwolves … A couple of Trail Blazers are going a bit Hollywood this summer … Amir Johnson was convinced Celtics fans would love him before he joined the team …
Pricing does not include government fees and taxes, state and/or local taxes, smog fees, any finance charges, any dealer document preparation charges, emission testing charge, registration or title fees. Depending on the age of the vehicle, normal wear and tear should be anticipated. Prices are subject to change without notice. While we do our best to describe our vehicles accurately, some descriptions and / or images provided by third parties may differ from the actual information or appearance of the vehicle. Cash Or Finance Auto assumes no liability for omissions or errors in this vehicle listing and encourages prospective buyers to verify the information by contacting us or viewing the vehicle at our dealership. All finance offers are O.A.C (On Approved Credit) / O.A.D (On Approved Deposit).
Our payment calculator tool is provided as an estimator of your payments only and your actual payment may differ from that shown.
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, fill out a form, Use Live Chat, Open a Support Ticket or enter information on our site.
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient may not function properly.Some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly.
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information unless we provide users with advance notice. This does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
Opting out: Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals? We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking? It's also important to note that we allow third-party behavioral tracking
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old. Do we let third-parties, including ad networks or plug-ins collect PII from children under 13?
Whilst every effort has been made by Cash Or Finance Auto to accurately describe this vehicle, its' options and equipment, pricing, mileage, warranties and incentives; it is the customers responsibility to verify the information listed. You agree to hold Cash Or Finance Auto harmless for misprints on prices or general information about this vehicle. By using our website you agree that Cash Or Finance Auto has the right to cancel a sale or a promise of a sale if that sale is based on an incorrect price.
** All third party trademarks and trade names mentioned herein are the trademarks and trade names of their respective owners and are used herein for identification purposes only, and such owners are not co-sponsors of or affiliated with this website in any way.
渋谷宇田川町にあるゲームセンター「アドアーズ」が運営するカジノゲームラウンジが「アディクト（addict）」です。ゲームセンターと同じ様に、チップを購入し、ブラックジャック・バカラ・ルーレット・テキサスホールデムポーカーで楽しむことができます。
Generally I don’t read post on blogs, but I wish to say that this write-up very compelled me to check out and do it! Your writing taste has been amazed me. Thanks, quite great article.
Thanks for sharing your ideas. A very important factor is that students have a selection between federal student loan and also a private student loan where it truly is easier to go for student loan debt consolidation reduction than over the federal education loan.
Thanks for these guidelines. One thing I additionally believe is the fact that credit cards offering a 0% interest rate often entice consumers in with zero interest rate, instant endorsement and easy internet balance transfers, but beware of the most recognized factor that may void your own 0% easy road annual percentage rate as well as throw you out into the bad house quick.
I’m not that much of a internet reader to be honest but your sites really nice, keep it up! I’ll go ahead and bookmark your website to come back in the future. Cheers
Its like you read my mind! You seemappear to know so mucha lot about this, like you wrote the book in it or something. I think that you couldcan do with somea few pics to drive the message home a bita little bit, but other thaninstead of that, this is greatwonderfulfantasticmagnificentexcellent blog. A greatAn excellentA fantastic read. I’llI will definitelycertainly be back.
I’m doing a project about spectators and am trying to find peoples opinions and feelings from the olympics (whether watching it in beijing or on the tv).. . I searched technorati for “olympics” and there are sooo many results that are much more recent and come up first, but aren’t what I’m looking for, I can’t work out how to filter out ones from the games…. . Anyone know how I can do a search for blog posts tagged olympics in say the month of August..
I would like to thank you for the efforts you have put in writing this website. I’m hoping the same high-grade web site post from you in the upcoming as well. Actually your creative writing abilities has encouraged me to get my own website now. Really the blogging is spreading its wings fast. Your write up is a great example of it.
Do you have a spam issue on this site; I also am a blogger, and I was curious about your situation; we have developed some nice methods and we are looking to trade strategies with others, be sure to shoot me an email if interested.
I am apart of a commitee that is trying to start a clothing company. I am in charge of designing the clothing website because for right now you can only order stuff online. But I was just wondering how do you start a website for a clothing company? What are some good domain places to sign up for a domain..
When you utilize one of our Coupon Deals, if wanderlust is your thing and you like to Travel then you'll find sensational cost savings at Travelodge. This November and throughout 2018 you'll discover the very best deals readily available with a Central Fife Times. Take pleasure in all that Travelodge has to use while saving money and you can start your holiday countdown.
This website and associated newspapers adhere to the Independent Press Standards Organisation's Editors' Code of Practice. If you have a complaint about the editorial content which relates to inaccuracy or intrusion, then please contact the editor here. If you are dissatisfied with the response provided you can contact IPSO here
©Copyright 2001-2018. This site is part of Newsquest's audited local newspaper network. A Gannett Company. Newsquest Clyde & Forth Ltd Loudwater Mill, Station Road, High Wycombe, Buckinghamshire. HP10 9TY
"You can be a successful dieter at any stage in your life!" Only a woman doctor with years of success counseling overweight women could make this extraordinary guarantee. Barbara Edelstein, M.D., with feminine sympathy and understanding, explains: * Why women have more trouble losing weight than men * How hormonal and muscular makeup affect weight * How changing body chemistry and emotional attitudes can help you get slim * How diet dodgers can become weight-loss winners * How diet can improve hair, skin, and sexual performance
Try searching for The Woman Doctor's Diet for Women to see if Library owns related versions of the work.
Dr. William Lee was the 2nd recipient of the Skeffington Award, in 1972. In his book, Each Of Us An Island, he describes “those systems which form the building blocks of the manner in which man performs.” I have chosen to to focus on his chapter on time and direction. Time and direction are the building blocks of all perceptions, not just visual perception.
Our sensory systems measure energy, such as sound waves, pressure, gravity, or, in the case of the visual system, light. In addition to intensity, these measurements include discernment of time and direction: the length of time the stimulus is present and the direction in which the stimulus is traveling when the measurement is made. All the sensory systems can measure time, but the visual system is the most accurate system for measuring both time and direction. Think of a blind person trying to navigate in an unfamiliar environment. They may depend upon a sighted individual or guide dog to help them obtain accurate directional information.
Time and direction are an integral part of perception. Without direction, there is no beginning or end, only on or off. Motion or movement is the combination of time and direction. Understanding movement (either of oneself or other objects) requires the visual processing of time and direction. Without an ability to use vision to make judgements about time and direction, the individual will have difficulty performing activities that require movement. Imagine that you have an appointment that requires you to be at a certain location at a certain time. In order to get there, you have to know where you are starting from. If you do not know where you are, it is impossible to know in what direction to proceed or how long it will take to get there. Now imagine that you are playing baseball. How will you know when to swing the bat if you do not know the direction from which the ball is coming and the speed at which it is traveling? Finally, imagine you are a second grader trying to read a book. In order to read efficiently, you must make make small eye movements called saccades moving from left to right. If you cannot coordinate the timing and direction of the saccades, reading becomes very difficult.
Since time is infinite, stretching from the past, throughout the present and into the future, processing time requires breaking this timeline into intervals. Let us look at a behavior, such as learning to write your name. The first time you perform this activity, you have no basis for comparison. The second time you perform this activity, you are able to compare your experience to past experience. You can also anticipate what resources you will require to perform this again in the future. Through these intervals of time, or cycles, we are able to learn. If performance does not improve through these rhythmic intervals of time, then perhaps the individual does not possess the requisite skills. The other possibility is that the individual is not able to use vision to accurately process time, and performs the right activity, but at the wrong time. You turn right but at the wrong intersection; you swing the bat, but too late; you move your eyes to the next line of words, but you haven’t read the last few words on the first line.
Now consider performance of complex behaviors that require the coordination of several systems. Think about the baseball player, but now he is in the outfield. He sees the batter swing, he hears the sound of the ball hitting the bat, and he has to move in the right direction to catch the ball at the right time. He has to coordinate all this information arriving at his sensory systems at different points in time and respond by accurately moving in the right direction through an accurately determined time interval. Difficulties processing time and direction visually will make it impossible to perform this task successfully. What if the outfielder is an 8th grader? The information he is receiving is constantly changing due to his fast growth rate. His past experiences are no longer reliable. He has to constantly rebuild the coordination of all systems to perform successfully.
Visual processing of time and direction is essential to coordinated performance. Many learning disabled children have difficulties in this area. The result is often more accurately described as a “living disability” because these children have difficulty, not only in school, but at home and at play. What can the developmental optometrist do to help the child who has difficulty with these skills? Vision therapy will often include activities aimed at improving rhythm. Providing an external clue to organize sensory inputs will support the motoric response or output. These activities may involve the use of the metronome, music, flashing lights, hand clapping, swinging balls, and trampolines. Activities can be done at home to enhance self-directed awareness of time intervals, such as skipping, jump rope, marching, or tapping the foot and clapping the hands to various patterns. As the ability to process time improves, activities which require directional movement and the integration of the sensory systems can be incorporated into the therapy program. Improving rhythm will improve the child’s ability to process time and direction. The result is the ability to do the right thing, at the right time, in the right place. Success.
Dr. Mozlin is an Associate Professor at the State University of New York, State College of Optometry. A graduate of the New England College of Optometry, she also has a Masters degree in public health. She has published numerous articles and lectured on topics related to developmental vision, optometric education and public health. She is a Fellow of both the College of Optometrists in Vision Development (COVD) and the American Academy of Optometry.	View all posts by Dr. Rochelle Mozlin
Dr. Sheree Fetkin is a California native who completed optometry school with honors at Midwestern University, Arizona College of Optometry in Glendale, Arizona. She went on to the east coast for residency training in vision therapy and rehabilitation at SUNY College of Optometry. She currently practices in Tampa, FL at the Walesby Family Vision Center where she sees primary care and pediatric patients in the morning and participates in hands on vision therapy in the afternoon. She is currently in the process of obtaining her fellowship from the College of Optometrists in Vision Development.
Dr. Charles Boulet is a graduate of the University of Alberta with degrees in Neuropsychology (1989) and Education (1991), and a doctorate in optometry from Pacific University in 2008. Dr. Boulet consults on cases pediatric learning and development difficulties related to vision, and maintains a full time private practice in Black Diamond, AB. He is an author, researcher, speaker/lecturer and travels extensively throughout Alberta for professional training events. He is also a software developer and his company VisionMechanic, Inc. has recently released the first of a series of tools for vision and motor skills assessment and development (visionmechanic.com). Dr. Boulet maintains a number of web-based information and advocacy sites including drboulet.com, and vild.info, and is a co-sponsor of the Calgary Vision Event 2015 which takes place September 2015 – see vild.info/cve2015.html.
Many school-aged children struggle with learning problems, many of which are reading-related, or related to motor control, balance, and coordination. As vision is tightly integrated across and within sensory and motor elements required for classroom learning, observing visual behaviour alongside developmental milestones provides fascinating and useful insight into the status of the whole child. Exploring these ideas allows doctors to explore important questions such as ‘to what degree is vision affecting behaviour’ and ‘to what extent are other sensory and motor control skills and abilities contributing to observed visual functional deficits’.
The mature human visual system undergoes an intricate and elaborate process that is not complete at the time of birth, but rather develops as a result of many complicated processes over the first year of life. Some aspects of development continue to evolve passively into adolescence and adulthood. If left uncorrected, visual impediments to learning and development can and will disrupt the course of development. This can lead to visual anomalies or other unwanted behavioural adaptations that can adversely affect many aspects of life, from medical and emotional health, to the capacity to adapt to a classroom, or perform gross or fine motor tasks.
The American Optometric Association recommends that a person receive their first eye examination at 6 months old, 3 years, and school entry age. At these ages, an infant or child is expected to be able to perform at certain levels based on normal subcortical motor and sensory integration, and cortical specialization and refinement. Inquiring about the child’s developmental history and status at a child’s first few eye examinations helps to better anticipate the child’s expected level of vision function, and visa versa.
This multipart series reviews an array of physical, cognitive, and visual developmental milestones, and how these interact to influence child growth, ability, and health.
Getman states, “A child is taught nothing- he learns everything- and vision is the supreme mechanism a child possesses for the interpretation of his world. All other mechanisms are important for a total child, but they are all subservient to vision.” Visual development greatly contributes to and facilitates the preparation of a young child to meet the demands of the world, including success in the modern school learning environments.
Early in life, especially during critical periods of development, abnormal visual and sensory input from the environment can retard or alter overall varied aspects of development of the child. Optometric diagnosis and management of the vision anomalies can lead to a stronger and more functional visual system with far-reaching impact. In order to treat these visual disorders, which are often associated with developmental delays, it is important to understand normal expected human developmental milestones. Understanding these milestones, as well as normal human vision development stages, guides the eye care practitioner in diagnosis and provision of the appropriate treatment tailored to each child’s individual needs.
Child development is a biological process governed by natural laws. As a result, child development proceeds in a recognizable pattern with certain behaviors emerging in a sequential fashion.
The sixth month is a decisive point in development. At this time, an infant should be capable of turning over from a supine to a prone position. When in the prone position, the infant is expected to lift the head a considerable amount and display support with the arms and a sense of balance. By lifting the head, babies are expanding their visual field and their visual world, opening themselves up to more visual experiences, and preparing the visual system for growth and development. If sitting, the infant may display the ability to balance for brief moments at a time, and if he or she is pulled up onto their feet, they should possess the ability to balance. When supine, the infant should stretch out the arms and hands and grasp for objects within and outside of reach, and pick up objects and look at them in an observational manner. If reaching for objects, especially those outside of reach, it can be assumed that the baby is seeing them, at least partially. Socially, an infant should express some level of shyness when meeting an unfamiliar face, and they should recognize and react to changes in facial expression. Seeing and understanding social cues and nuances begin at a very early age and recognizing facial expression requires a certain level of acuity. The implication is that vision development is essential to the baby’s social and emotional well-being. Sound formation development, including laughter occurs and even when alone, the infant should be making sounds. Hearing and localization of sound should be mostly intact and an infant should detect the inherent difference between a loving and strict tone of voice. Reacting to and the ability to localize sounds displays a sense of multimodal coordination of the visual and auditory systems.
The child is expected to be able to sit on his or her own and exhibit a sense of balance. A one-year old child should also be able to pull up to a standing position, and in some cases, stand independently without assistance. This is a critical age for mobility, with the child being able to crawl, display controlled rotation and balance, stand unsupported, and in many cases, take a few steps. Mobility is imperative to the expansion of experiences, especially those that are visual. Mobility allows expansion of their visual world and helps facilitate visual development. Development is strongly influenced by actively “doing” things. Looking, exploring, touching, and reaching are necessary behaviors which must be repeated in order to be learned and developed. Mobility creates a myriad of opportunities to “do” things and interact with the environment. Socially and emotionally, the child generally understands when he or she is being reprimanded or praised, and should exhibit good eye contact and social contact. Inferences on fixation ability and gross visual acuity can be made by maintaining eye contact, or by presenting appropriate and clear and easy targets such as laser spots on a table, or a penlight. The child should be able to say 1-3 words, react to his or her name, and to strive to produce more sounds by playing with its tongue and saliva.
3 years is an especially important time socially, emotionally, and cognitively. A child is establishing improved control of motor movements, partly through expanded spatial understanding and manipulation.6 This is exemplified by their ability to run, jump, and tiptoe. Coordination is being developed and organized, and locomotion is expanded to tricycles and big-wheels. The toddler is now capable of obtaining objects beyond his/her reach, and overall development is strongly dependent upon vision to begin that process by visually grasping objects beyond arm’s length. The 3-year-old can begin to pour things from a pitcher or a carton, usually with the guidance of both hands, displaying a sense of more refined prehensile control. Accuracy and efficiency of the more refined motor control expected for this age can give insight to relative judgments about depth and understanding egocentric spatial relationships.
A three-year-old toddler should demonstrate certain cognitive milestones. Attention becomes an important factor in cognitive function and is displayed in short bursts lasting several minutes at a time. Imaginative and imitative play becomes an important part of exploration and experimentation, which leads to the development of visualization skills. Language is also expanding at this age, with a vocabulary of nearly 1000 words. Personalities are also beginning to be established and quarreling with other children is often noticed to begin around this age.
For school–aged children, ages approximately 4-6 years, there are several things that are expected developmentally. In terms of organizational skills and fine motor capability, it is expected that a 4-year-old child can copy a square, 5-year-old child should be able to copy a triangle, and 6-year-old child should be able to copy a diamond. Since it is expected that a 3-year-old toddler can stack 9 blocks, it is expected that a school-aged child can stack the same amount and likely more. Four-year-olds are also expected to be able to complete a six-piece form board, and, at 6 years old, they should be able to complete the split six-piece form board. Stacking blocks and organizing shapes into a form board provides inferences on visual motor capabilities, as well as eye-hand coordination skills for the child. In addition to stacking and observing, the child also explores by shaking, banging, throwing, and dropping the objects of regard. Repetitive exploration facilitates recognition, and, eventually, inferences about the block, toy, or object can be made by the child.
This first part has reviewed fundamental milestones in a child’s physical development, and what might be expected generally regarding motor, cognitive, and to some degree visual and social skills. Part 2 will place greater emphasis on clinical assessment of visual development.
Baxstrom, C. Vision Development. College of Optometrists in Vision Development 42nd Annual Meeting. Fort Worth, Texas. 2012. Lecture.
Where is the information about Milestones of Visual Development? I have a document that I wrote that summarizes such milestones. Written in lay-frienndly language, but based on original research spanning decades. Are you interested in posting this somewhere? I have more than 30 years research experience in visual development, starting with my postdoc with Dr. Davida Teller in Seattle.
Hello Dr. Hamer, thanks for your message! Please contact us at info@covd.org and we’ll be happy to review your document and possibly include it in our resources for parents. Thanks!
A Friday ritual. A single photo – no words – capturing a moment from the week. A simple, special, extraordinary moment. A moment I want to pause, savor and remember.
Intolerance even contributes to discrimination, extreme misunderstanding and loss of get the job done-hours within an organisation. Thus cultural crash nearly spoils an organisation's have focus on. It damages the organisation's impression in general public and to the authority. The plain impact is noticeable as a result of lowering brand name loyalty, decreased profits as well as lower inventory value.
By 1830 about 58,000 convicts, which include Pretty much 50,000 Males, had come to Australia (the speed expanding swiftly right after 1815). Quite a few ended up city thieves. There have been a couple of political prisoners, while a considerable proportion of your Irish convicts (no less than a 3rd of the full) had develop into offenders as a result of sociopolitical unrest. In Australia the convicts were being either used by The federal government or “assigned” to personal businesses. Generally speaking, circumstances weren't especially harsh or repressive, and “tickets of depart” and pardons offered comparatively fast routes to freedom.
A program in a comprehensive way describing regarding the venture and a documentation in the need with the communications in the shape of challenge communication matrix.
(1976) argued that Australian women had suffered an inferior status, markedly beneath that of ladies in Western Modern society at substantial. Her circumstance was arguable, however the growing quantity of feminist research much more often stressed the achievements of girls, while usually towards great odds, in several sectors of Culture and culture.
Wakefield’s Suggestions appealed into the liberal intelligentsia and to dissenting groups in England. Both equally of such features backed nascent South Australia. The primary colonists arrived in 1836, and Adelaide was settled the following calendar year. The colony skilled lots of hardships, but Long lasting significance resulted from its founders’ emphasis on household migration, equality of creeds, and totally free market forces in land and labour.
The speedy expansion in the customized-writing sector is often a symptom of the great weaknesses in the academic procedure, which place pupils by way of a lot of worry and emotional battle.
Labor finally secured the backing of several impartial and Eco-friendly users of Parliament, allowing for Gillard to form a minority federal government in early September.
Conversely, the recognized “kings” of the tropical region relied on Kanakas (labourers within the Pacific click for source islands). The continued immigration of Kanakas provoked incredibly hot debate, which wasn't fixed right up until just after federation, once the youthful commonwealth imposed an complete prohibition.
Disclaimer : All written work furnished by EssayCorp is for investigation and reference purposes only, It's not at all being posted as it is. Any 3rd party applying It will probably be penalized.
With communications being a vital talent for anyone getting into the workforce, our education and learning technique recognizes this and strives to prepare our students by requiring them to further improve this ability via writing assignments.
In 1982 the Superior Court docket agreed that the Commonwealth experienced electricity to override states on environmental matters should the issue in issue come throughout the purview of a world covenant to which Australia was a celebration. Environmentalists have exercised appreciable influence as tension teams and also have created some essays into parliamentary politics: in 1989 a “Eco-friendly” team obtained the equilibrium of electrical power in Tasmania, aided because of the process of proportional representation prevailing there. While Australia contributed only just a little towards the mainstream of environmental theory, Peter Singer of Monash University won Worldwide renown for his exposition of animal rights.
Obtain a far better idea of the way to structure and organise differing kinds of writing assignments.
In 2009 the linchpin of Rudd’s environmental initiative, the Emissions Trading Plan, didn't attain passage, and, when he withdrew the laws in 2010, his action was criticized in a few quarters as timid. Rudd’s keep on electrical power was more threatened by strident opposition from small business teams for the controversial Resource Tremendous Revenue Tax, a proposal focused within the mining business and scheduled to go into result in 2012.
Hey! Have a free of charge assessment completed by our specialists. it takes just ten mins to post this evaluation variety and have insights from our immigration councilors on your Australia immigration.
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. studieteknik.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
Best free dating site online 100% free dating site with free chat rooms online nobluffdating is the new social best dating site online meet new people. Asian dating online 100% free to join meet asian women and find filipino singles from philippines, thailand and south asia find your filipina bride now. Vegetarian passions is a 100% free online dating & social networking site for meeting vegetarian singles if you are a hard-core vegetarian, or just trying to see if. Free online dating site morocco, 100% free morocco dating site start dating moroccan girl totally free dating site in morocco without payment. Welcome to the best dating site on the web we are a completely free online dating site register for free and meet singles from your country (uk / great britain.
100% totally free online dating in america, absolutely free american dating service. Find love online at singledatesite' chat you can find boys and girls, find love online and chat for free . Online dating has certainly taken the world by africa dating prides in having attracted a pool of hot african dating is 100% free and the ultimate.
100% free craigslist online dating site free online dating and matchmaking service for singles 3,000,000 daily active online dating users 100% free canada dating. Getcuddlydatingcom - 100% free online dating for cuddly singles get cuddly dating is a free cuddly dating service for curvy singles we, like you, want your free. 100% free online dating site providing matchmaking service to people from all around world to meet new people today. Thai dating site 100% free quick when it comes to online dating, there are either free or paid a free asian dating site provides you with a wide range.
Eu's only 100% free online dating service for european singles only no charges ever for photo personal ads, matchmaking and dating forums send mail free to quality. Love online (page6409) find your love online on the internet and mobile, with messages, mobis and videochat mobifriends is 100% free, easy and fun. 100% free online dating & personal ads welcome to matchdoctor we are a great way to find a date or new friends there is a new level of interaction between our.
Free online dating process is an exciting chance to meet people from all over the world for love and marriage but what is more important, dating online enables every. Irina 52 y/o woman from kaliningrad, kaliningradskaya oblast, russia seeking a man from 48 to 53 years old russian(i prefer not to say), ukrainian(i prefer not to. Look4myfish | 100% free online dating for seniors over 50 - are you ready for dating go ahead 100% free good luck. Most popular online dating and social networking site for german singles date german singles ready to mingle and find love, fun, friendship, romance and marriage. 100% free online dating 23 likes free online dating.
Although there are plenty of sites that claim they are 100% online free dating sites, most aren’t there are, however, semi-free dating sites. Aimer world is free online dating site belgium, 100% free dating site in belgium totally free belgium dating site without payment join us now. Free online dating 100% free dating site, no money needed dating site - adatingcom. Brimmencom dating: female looking for male 100% free online dating service stop wasting your money on paid dating sites fish dating for us singles.
Trumingle is a 100% totally free dating site for singles chat, messaging, swipe right matching no fees, no credit card needed join now.
100% percent free online dating sites based in melbourne with no hidden cost totally free online dating site, no payment & credit card - join us today.
Welcome to veggiematchmakerscom, a free online dating site for vegans and vegetarians. Most popular online dating & social networking site in helsinki find like-minded singles for love, dates, romance & fun in helsinki beautiful single women available. One of the biggest thai dating sites with over 250,000 members join us now to meet beautiful thai girls online 100% free to join 100% free to message start now.
The knowledge and satisfaction of nurses about pay for performance (Qasedak plan) and its relationship with the quality of nursing care
Love draft beer? Yea, so do we. And we love local too! It’s why our taps are exclusively Hampton Roads breweries. We are so lucky to have so many awesome breweries crafting some amazing beer and we’re proud to feature them. Now...
Brioni Project - Photography by Ellis Scott - Styling by Will Westall - Model Oliver Welton at FM Models - Grooming by Lee Machin
All you need to do to find your dream model, is enter her nickname in the search box or look for her name in our alphabetical „All live cam models“ list. Alternatively, you can use our advanced search engine and look for a live sex performer who meets a wide variety of search criteria.
© All Rights Reserved. 2018 www.webbabe.ws Please visit EPOCH and SEGPAY, our authorized sales agents. This site is Managed & Operated by
You can download Sofa Pink Velvet attractive 17 S Purple Velvet sofa Fresh Home Design Ideas in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Any content trademark's or other material that might be found on this simains the copyright of its respective owner's. While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, cookie and privacy policy.
The Weber lab aims to understand how the immune system works on a molecular level and use this to improve the immune response.
Dr. Scott Weber is an Associate Professor in the Department of Microbiology and Molecular Biology where he teaches courses in Immunology, Molecular Biology, and Flow Cytometry. His research is focused on improving the immune response to infectious disease, asthma, and cancer. He received his undergraduate and master degrees from BYU and his doctorate from the University of Illinois. Prior to coming to BYU, he worked as a Post Doctoral Fellow and Research Instructor in the Department of Pathology and Immunology at the Medical School at Washington University in St. Louis.
If you are interested in doing graduate work at BYU you can contact me or see an overview of the MMBIO graduate program here.
Congrats to Josie for getting her picture on the Chemistry building highlighting her contribution to the Simmons Center for Cancer Research!
Tyler and Josue won best undergraduate oral presentation and best graduate student poster at the American Society of Microbiology Tri-branch meeting in Durango Colorado. Way to Go!
John won the department NCAA bracket challenge and brought home the coveted "Silver Chalice of Glory!"
Endotoxin paper was published in Indoor Air - Congrats to Morgan, Ryan, Taylor H, and Sheldon on the paper!
Dust mite follow-up paper was published in Environmental Occupational Health - Congrats to Justin on the paper!
Weber lab allergen research recently featured on the BYU home page, Fox evening news, and the Matt Townsend show on BYU Radio.
Kiara Vaden and Deborah Johnson each awarded a BYU Cancer Research Center Student Research Fellowship!
Sheldon Myers awarded the Vanice-Reid Student Research Endowment ward from the College of Life Sciences!
Kiara Vaden presented presented a poster at the Midwinter Conference of Immunologists in Asilomar California.
Dust mite paper was published in PLOS ONE - Congrats to Taylor O., Morgan, Ryan, Julene, and Taylor H. on the paper!
John Hancock, Garrett Hamblin, and Sheldon Myers presented posters at the Autumn Immunology Conference in Chicago Illinois. They were awarded best undergraduate abstracts!
Deborah Johnson and Claudia Tellez Frietas presented posters at the Midwinter Conference of Immunologists in Asilomar California.
Claudia Tellez Freitas gave an oral presentation and John Hancock, Brian Ballard, Julene Johnson, and Evan Campbell presented posters at the American Society for Microbiologists.
John Hancock, Brian Ballard, and Evan Campbell presented a poster at the Utah Conference on Undergraduate Research.
Weber lab research featured on the BYU Homepage, BYU TV News at 11 program, and KSL News Radio (starts at 34:14).
Kemais Ehlers and Bryce Anderson present poster and oral presentation at the Autumn Immunology Conference in Chicago.
Copyright © 2018 by Brigham Young University, All Rights Reserved | CMS Login | Feedback | College Websites | Translate
Do you have a spam issueproblem on this sitewebsiteblog; I also am a blogger, and I was curious aboutwanting to knowwondering your situation; many of uswe have createddeveloped some nice proceduresmethodspractices and we are looking to swaptradeexchange solutionsstrategiesmethodstechniques with other folksothers, why notbe sure toplease shoot me an e-mailemail if interested.
Help - Contact Us - About Us - Terms of Use - Privacy Policy - Casting Calls - Testimonials - Acting lessons - Entertainment Resources
, [2010], p2010. Unabridged. Playaway Digital Audio : 1 sound media player (6 hr., 10 min.) : digital ; 3 3/8 x 2 1/8 in. English
hoopla:MWT10051958||Online Hoopla Collection|Online Hoopla|eAudiobook|Audio Books|1|false|true|Hoopla||https://www.hoopladigital.com/title/10051958||Available Online||||, ils:CARL0000355973|35192041235239|Bellevue - Kids Fiction|JUV Fiction Balliet|||1|false|false|||||Checked Out||BL||, ils:CARL0000355973|35192041235296|Green Hills - Kids Fiction|JUV Fiction Balliet|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||GH||, ils:CARL0000355973|35192041235312|Hermitage - Kids Fiction|JUV Fiction Balliet|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||HM||, ils:CARL0000355973|35192041235338|Main Library - Kids Fiction|JUV Fiction Balliet|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||MN||, ils:CARL0000355973|35192041235361|Edmondson Pike - Kids Fiction|JUV Fiction Balliet|||1|false|false|||||Checked Out||EP||, ils:CARL0000355973|A01946696|Meigs Middle Magnet - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4N555||, ils:CARL0000355973|A01955099|Harris Hillman - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||65397||, ils:CARL0000355973|A02000015|Cora Howe School - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||68448||, ils:CARL0000355973|A02007483|Percy Priest Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2L650||, ils:CARL0000355973|A02040892|Tulip Grove Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2T717||, ils:CARL0000355973|A02057870|J.T. Moore Middle - Teen Fiction|MYS F BAL|||1|false|false|||||Checked Out||4O563||, ils:CARL0000355973|A02085151|Westmeade Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2Y775||, ils:CARL0000355973|A02124287|Dan Mills Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2C560||, ils:CARL0000355973|B00632178|Jere Baxter Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||43120||, ils:CARL0000355973|B00635005|John Early Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||49285||, ils:CARL0000355973|FF00033351|Apollo Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4P577||, ils:CARL0000355973|FF00052616|Percy Priest Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2L650||, ils:CARL0000355973|FF00052617|Percy Priest Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2L650||, ils:CARL0000355973|FF00056737|Goodlettsville Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4B355||, ils:CARL0000355973|FF00074317|West End Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4V770||, ils:CARL0000355973|FF00117748|Litton Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4I510||, ils:CARL0000355973|P00690165|Madison Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4L545||, ils:CARL0000355973|QQ00138001|Sylvan Park Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2S715||, ils:CARL0000355973|QQ00144520|Glendale Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||1M330||, ils:CARL0000355973|QQ00159007|Dupont Tyler Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||48275||, ils:CARL0000355973|QQ00162869|Glenview Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||1P345||, ils:CARL0000355973|QQ00181826|Lawrence Carter Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||17185||, ils:CARL0000355973|TT2111|Wright Middle - Teen Fiction|MYST F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4X805||, ils:CARL0000355973|TT2381|Cameron College Prep - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||71181||, ils:CARL0000355973|TT2516|J F Kennedy Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4H498||, ils:CARL0000355973|TT2770|Croft Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||45238||, ils:CARL0000355973|V00039742|Head Middle Magnet - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4E410||, ils:CARL0000358020|35192040809083|Green Hills - Kids Audiobook|PLAYAWAY JUV Fiction Balliet|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||GH||, ils:CARL0000358020|FW10004128|Glendale Elementary - Kids Audiobook|PLA F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||1M330||, ils:CARL0000616412|B00574107|Rose Park Middle - Teen Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||4T675||, ils:CARL0000616412|MK10006925|Moss Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||1J310||, ils:CARL0000616412|MK10012342|Cane Ridge Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||16184||, ils:CARL0000616412|MK10018594|Pennington Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2K640||, ils:CARL0000616412|MK10034790|Crieve Hall Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||1D235||, ils:CARL0000616412|MK10051228|Hickman Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||1Y420||, ils:CARL0000616412|P00356809|Whitsitt Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||30790||, ils:CARL0000616412|YY0011040|Thomas A. Edison Elementary - Kids Fiction|F BAL|||1|false|false|||||On Shelf||2D575||, overdrive:0b044e9d-46e1-48c0-8eb3-55daadf5680e|-1|Online OverDrive Collection|Online OverDrive|eAudiobook|Audio Books|1|false|true|OverDrive|||OverDrive MP3 Audiobook,OverDrive Listen|Available Online||||
Sortare implicită Sortează după popularitate Sortează după evaluarea medie Sortează după cele mai recente Sortează după preț: de la mic la mare Sortează după preț: de la mare la mic
Scale Up: How to Take Your Business to the Next Level Without Losing Control and Running Out of Cash
everything everything you know about a fresh reminder rise above the cloud find your strength FIND YOUR STRENGTH: The Essential Self-Defense Handbook For Every College Woman everything you know about marketing marketing bunions linkedn marketing LinkedIn Secrets From a Top Executive Recruiter Lucy Hoger ignite get unstuck now Dotcom devil how to write or capture get active personal promotion juice your way to health juice randrick chance be authentic gayton mckenzie publish yourself to wealth Publish Yourself lawyer what every lawyer Whispers of the past facebook
Preston Klik’s Ocean Of Devotion GONG AND BOWL SOUND HEALING MEDITATION is a gentle-but-dynamic, 60-minute acoustic sound journey, often very quiet, but at times powerfully intense. Preston plays a 36-inch HEART GONG, plus crystal bowls, Tibetan bowls, ocean & water & thunder drums, 2 smaller gongs, chimes, etc. His “portable temple” is surrounded by candles. This richly cinematic musical odyssey-meditation is as beautiful to the eye as it is to the ear, heart, body, mind, and spirit.
Call Evolve at 815-444-9905 or stop in to prepay. This event has sold out in advance every time we’ve offered it, so early booking is encouraged to avoid disappointment!
If you find you are unable to attend after purchasing tickets and notify us prior to the event, we can provide you with a store credit which is good for purchase of merchandise, services or events. If you do not notify us prior to the event of your inability to attend, no refunds or credits will be given.
Occasionally, events are cancelled or postponed due to extenuating circumstances or inclement weather. Should this occur, we will attempt to contact you at the phone number you provided at registration to inform you of refund or exchange procedures for that event.
Guided Meditation Group with Philip Clark Join us every Monday evening for a guided meditation group with Philip Clark! Philip offers a soothing and informative experience for all levels of meditators. He teaches the fundamentals[...]
Numerology Readings, Birth Angels and Tarot Readings with Philip Clark Philip is a practicing Numerologist with over 31 years of experience. He can create a numerology profile for you based on your unique birthdate, birth[...]
Guided Meditation Group with Philip Clark Join us every Thursday mid-day for a guided meditation group with Philip Clark! Philip offers a soothing and informative experience for all levels of meditators. He teaches the fundamentals as[...]
Holy Crime, crime of clergy, clergical crime, Ecclesiastical crime, spiritual,purity, innocent, Iran, Iranian, Persia, Persian Culture, Art, History Land and People, Poetry, religion, Organizations and directories,Daneshjoo, Nothing but Iran
Holy Crime, crime of clergy, clergical crime, Ecclesiastical crime, spritual,purity, inocent, Iran, Iranian, Persia, Persian Culture, Art, History Land and People, Poetry, religion, Organizations and directories,Daneshjoo, Nothing but Iran
The Islamic Republic of Clerics, the masters of Hezbollah agents, pushed a brave Akbar Mohammadi, who was in prison for standing up for his basic human rights in the famous 1999 student protests to death.
Iran's daily affairs resembles to the Tiananmen Square tragedy, unfortunately rarely appeared in the News.
Mohamadi's brother Manuchehr is also in prison. He including thousands others remain unsafe. But no human rights, no amnesty international, no UN human rights committee, no news media talks of the harsh situation in the land of clerics.
There are 10's of thousands of political prisoners and prisoners of conscience in Iran...they all need a voice. Where's the international media now...Oh of course...too busy mourning the deaths of the Hezbollah supporters in Lebanon.
“…clause that states players must conduct themselves on and off the field in a manner that maintains “public respect” for the game. Additionally, players must also ensure their “personal conduct” does not “adversely affect or reflect on the Club.”
…Technically, when the players take the field they are doing so as private citizens employed by a private company. The right to protest is covered under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. But the right has limits.
The First Amendment prohibits the government from restricting free speech. As a private company, the NFL is not subject to the same standard. If the NFL required players to sign contracts that restricted their free speech, and the players violated their contract, they could be fired with little legal recourse.”
Frank's Notebook - Volume 1 is now available as an actual book! And it's cheap as hell! Click here for more info.
One of the disciplines that interest me, and actually have come within reach in my current career, is advertising. There are two main branches: Art Director, who composes the graphical layout, and Copywriter, who creates the text on the ad (I like to dabble in both). In my internet searches for information I ran across a good article outlining several trend-setting ideas from bigwigs of advertising's past; below I present a simple summary list:
What emotion do you want to produce in your reader? Write in such a way to bring that feeling to the surface.
Identify a unique and meaningful attribute or benefit and constantly use it. Don't repeat: instead, restate.
Good advertising is written from one person to another. When it is aimed at millions, it rarely moves anyone.
Figure out what is keeping your reader awake at 3am, and then paint a scenario that makes his skin crawl.
Make sure your letter gets into the 'A-pile': everyone always opens the 'A-pile' but only some of the 'B-pile.'
"Successful people are always looking for opportunities to help others. Unsuccessful people are always asking, 'What's in it for me?'"
"Make no little plans; they have no magic to stir men's blood and probably themselves will not be realized. Make big plans; aim high in hope and work."
I am in my late-30s; I have had a very interesting journey in life so far and am always looking forward to the next adventure!
Credit cards are ever changing now from just functioning as plastic money credit cards are offering several incentives. The very first incentive or reward was offered in 1980 by Discover who offered "cash back" on every purchase. Now most cards have different reward schemes in place and generally offer anything at all for every dollar put in. The penny as reward on minute card use could be in is very important of cash, goods, or services. It is basically advertising ploy with rewards encouraging credit card owners shell out more and in addition to remain faithful to the network.
Choose a high quality online classifieds site end up being a member of: Particularly that bring in lots of traffic like OzFreeOnline, because you'll would like ads to obtain all the exposure they deserve. It is good to post ads numerous sites though, just to broaden your scope and exposure. People are not always ready and willing to buy, but when they finally are, you need them discover and remember your advertisement.
Also, whenever they want to step their ticket business up higher, they can launch websites for these. Ticketmaster and Ticketworld are an example of such . They can create their website around buyer usability, more options in tickets, prices, rewards and so on. If these and more the particular website's features, ticket buyers are insured. Quite often people prefer to order online tickets so a website is advantageous to companies.
What will be there online however? Practically everything. Signature label bags, books, puppies, DVDs, hand carpentry tools, used cars, houses and apartment for sale or rent, office chairs and other office furniture, Concert Tickets, and sports methods.
I usually don't believe web sites j cole tour 2018 when they are reservations should be made four days upfront. There are always sites for walk-ups.right? Pulling in unannounced has (almost) always worked for me, but I'm not expecting my wing-it method for be valid this summer season time. When vacationers of all sorts write camping into their belt-tightened budget, I end up being the fending off campers with s'mores skewers -- or worse, sleeping in my car by along side it of the road. Pencil in your dates this particular in mind: California state parks make sites available the first day every single month for six months out. Federally-operated sites tend to be very reservable six months time out a bit too. Definitely book at least four days in further.
Sales reports are looking better than expected, but all retailers are still nervous about post-Christmas sales, so it really is a buyer's market. While you might may be scrambling to find some last gifts, don't fall into the trap of just finding the first thing you find. Do your research, check online deals for pricing (use your smart phones to check pricing), improved with sales-people, etc. and you can find that the perfect gift for somebody may not effect your pocketbook almost you thought possible.
There likewise different types of concerts definitely not necessary also be seen on these blogs. A lot of time there are outdoor concerts as well as runners who are held inside stadiums and battlegrounds. Most of the time these outdoor concerts are offered when weather is nice out like during the spring and summer months, but there's the odd time that you will get one held during sometimes of 2010.
If you will get a favorite band, it may fun to obtain involved and join their street team, if they've one. When don't have a team yet, you might their #1 fan you have to one set up!
You have family or friends coming in from out of town, and now the query is: how do you maintain them entertained? 1 simple way to make sure everybody has a great time is to get premium tickets for your favorite live performance, display or other occasion. But that's when things start to get tricky. How can you find event tickets that you want at a reasonable price with the minimum amount of difficulty? The easy solution is to use the solutions of an online ticket broker.
The way this works is to use the reality that we commonly misspell everyday words in error and use it to our benefit. Say for instance that you had been a Paul McCartney fan and you needed to see each merchandise that experienced his name in the title.
You only bid the minimal at first but if someone else outbids you (even if you are absent from your Pc and don't know you have been outbid) the automobile bidder bids on your behalf up to and including the highest amount you have informed it too.
Springsteen and Kelly satisfied at a high finish gym in New Jersey, exactly where their discussions rapidly turned into lunch dates and then on to a full fledged affair. They have invested a lot of time with each other and Springsteen gave Kelly Concert Tickets for front row seats to one of his nearby concerts.
There are more than seventy five plus retailers and restaurants in the Marketplace Road area now. The new Avia Resort is open with its AAA Four Diamond Rating. The Woodlands Waterway Marriott tends to make it feasible to walk the Sky Bridge home from the concert. Remaining in a resort is a definite advantage to driving home and eliminates parking problems. There are some free parking areas that fill up extremely quickly with sold out venues. Parking tickets price Manchester United are available on-line for particular garages. Be certain and leave sufficient time to resolve your parking needs.
It will likely be in your best interest to do company with a business that might offer you the best when it comes to selection. You need to be able to see any kind of occasion that you are wanting to see. This indicates that you can have access to sports activities, songs, art, and other essential events in your area. If a company can give you that type of access it might be much better on your wallet.
Please Be aware: You will receive an automated e-mail response to verify that your e-mail has been successfully delivered and we goal to answer all feedback and queries via both email or a telephone call within 48 hours of receipt of your e-mail.
No matching events listed under Coastal Management & Protection. Please try viewing the full calendar for a complete list of events.
This site uses cookies. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. To find out more read our Privacy Policy.
Representing 200+ million people, the CPMR campaigns in favour of a more balanced development of the European territory.
Soup/sandwich and soup/salad combos are great ways to appeal to consumers. The advantages of these p
Soup/sandwich and soup/salad combos are great ways to appeal to consumers. The advantages of these pairings are variety, ordering ease, and value. Pair Chef Francisco® by Heinz soups with other popular menu items and watch your business grow.
Hi Changed it I'm now Klaus-Niklaus please move it if it's in the wrong place only for chatland tho my Name on here stays the same.
The role of social capital, organizational justice and organizational citizenship behavior in predicting organizational health
Analysis of relationships between organizational support, trust and organizational commitment among nurses
The experiences of health care staff from the organizational culture of patient safety and error management in educational centers
Factors Affecting the Intention of Adoption of Health Information Technology in Hospitals Affiliated with Social Security in Isfahan Using the Model of Don Bale et al. (2012)
RT @timthebodeau: Let's try this again *Instagram not working* *Checks twitter* "K it's not just me"
We live life one day at a time. We refuse to look back unless healing from the past is part of today's work.
Finally the weekend! I hate wishing my life away but the last couple of days I was just wishing for Saturday.. I needed to sleep in..sure I was awake at 6am but for me that is sleeping in!
Yay for the weekend! We have a fun run, a soccer game, soccer pictures and 2 birthday parties to get kids to today, so it will be a crazy day! Looking forward to a relaxing Sunday though/
My son just had his tonsils removed yesterday, so it is going to be pretty low key for the next little while. Movies, reading him stories, playing lego... He's been such a little trooper.
we had bday parties, soccer, they came to dig out for our shed and retaining wall...still didn't shower since yesterday... hoping tomorrow is quiet.
That’s the view of John Hussman, president of the mutual fund Hussman Investment Trust, seasoned investor, and Stanford University economics PhD. Hussman says you can expect the S&P 500 to return no more than 1% on average over the next decade. Sooner than that, he predicts, the stock market may plunge as much as 60%.
Hussman, who called the tech crash of 2000 and once managed a nearly $7 billion mutual fund, calls the current environment “the most broadly overvalued moment in market history.” And he says investors shouldn’t expect much in returns from stocks or bonds.
Hussman looks at his own proprietary measure of the market. That metric looks at the value of all non-financial stocks relative to a specialized earnings measure, which Hussman calls value-added. Based on his analysis, Hussman says the market is as overvalued as it was back in 2007, and just 5% away from its lofty valuations right before the peak in 2000.
But Hussman’s main point is that back in 2000 and 2007 there were a relatively small group of super-expensive stocks, including technology, and later finance and housing companies, respectively, that drove the average valuation of the stock market much higher than normal. Today, it’s the median, not the mean, S&P 500 valuation that sits well above the peaks seen in 2000 and 2007, indicating that there are far more companies these days that’s shares trade at much higher-than-normal valuations. That’s why Hussman says the risks of investing in the stock market right now are much more widespread and scary than they were in the past.
Indeed, stocks have now gone eight years without a bear market—a drop of 20% or more. That’s much longer than usual and a red flag for many warning that the market is due for a dip.
Hussman says investors have been mesmerized by low interest rates. But low interest rates also signal a sluggish economy, which will translate to lower revenue figures. Historically, if the economy picks up, interest rates will rise. That will boost earnings, but the high interest rates will make those earnings worth less to stock market investors. That’s what appears to be happening now.
Of course, before you call your broker yelling, “Sell,” consider this: Hussman ability to predict where stocks are headed appears to be waning. Hussman gained fame in 2000 and again in 2008, when he predicted stock market crashes and was able to save his investors from much of the losses in both market drops. Investors flooded into his main fund, the Hussman Strategic Growth Fund, and its assets under management grew to $6.5 billion. Recently, Hussman’s returns haven’t been that good. Last year, the fund was down more than 11%, while the stock market, as measured by the S&P 500, was up about the same, including dividends.
What’s more, investors seem convinced that Donald Trump and his raft of policy proposals, including cutting taxes and spending money on infrastructure, will goose the economy and the market.
That hasn’t stopped Hussman from continuing to sound the warning alarm. Hussman points out that salaries as a share of GDP are close to record lows, and corporate debt is near a high. Profits, he argues, are sure to go down, when companies are forced to pay more to both their workers as wage pressure increases, as well as to their lenders as interest rates rise. In addition, any cuts to corporate taxes, Hussman says, likely won’t help nearly as much as is anticipated, because the effective corporate tax rate is already near the lowest level in history.
The stock market may continue to go up, but if it goes down, Hussman will be able to say, “You were warned, again.”
Youre so cool! I dont suppose Ive learn something like this before. So nice to search out somebody with some authentic ideas on this subject. realy thank you for beginning this up. this web site is something that is wanted on the net, somebody with a little bit originality. useful job for bringing one thing new to the web!
I have been absent for a while, but now I remember why I used to love this website. Thank you, I’ll try and check back more often. How frequently you update your web site?
Thank you for another informative web site. Where else could I get that type of info written in such a perfect way? I’ve a project that I’m just now working on, and I’ve been on the look out for such information.
After examine just a few of the weblog posts on your website now, and I truly like your means of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark web site listing and shall be checking again soon. Pls try my web page as nicely and let me know what you think.
Way cool! Some veryextremely valid points! I appreciate you writing thispenning this articlepostwrite-up and theand also theplus the rest of the site iswebsite is also veryextremelyveryalso reallyreally good.
GreetingsHey thereHeyGood dayHowdyHi thereHello thereHiHello! This is my 1stfirst comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell yousay I genuinelytrulyreally enjoy reading throughreading your blog postsarticlesposts. Can you suggestrecommend any other blogs/websites/forums that go overdeal withcover the same subjectstopics? Thank you so muchThanks for your timeThanks a tonAppreciate itThanks a lotMany thanksThanksThank you!
I intended to send you that very little remark to help thank you so much as before with your awesome concepts you have shared on this page. It is so incredibly open-handed of you to supply without restraint all that a lot of folks might have marketed as an electronic book to help make some bucks on their own, principally now that you might well have done it if you ever wanted. These strategies in addition served to become a fantastic way to know that other people online have similar eagerness the same as mine to figure out a lot more on the topic of this matter. I’m certain there are many more enjoyable occasions in the future for individuals that see your website.
Wow! Thank you! I continuously wanted to write on my site something like that. Can I implement a portion of your post to my site?
I just like the valuable info you provide for your articles. I will bookmark your weblog and check again here frequently. I’m fairly certain I will learn many new stuff proper here! Best of luck for the next!
As I site possessor I believe the content matter here is rattling great , appreciate it for your efforts. You should keep it up forever! Best of luck.
Howdy! This is my 1st comment here so I just wanted to give a quick shout out and tell you I genuinely enjoy reading through your articles. Can you recommend any other blogs/websites/forums that cover the same topics? Thank you so much!
Hello there, I found your site via Google while searching for a related topic, your website came up, it looks good. I have bookmarked it in my google bookmarks.
Enjoyed examining this, very good stuff, thanks . “I will do my best. That is all I can do. I ask for your help-and God’s.” by Lyndon B. Johnson.
I have been exploring for a bit for any high quality articles or blog posts on this sort of area . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this web site. Reading this information So i am happy to convey that I’ve an incredibly good uncanny feeling I discovered just what I needed. I most certainly will make certain to do not forget this web site and give it a glance regularly.
This is really interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your wonderful post. Also, I have shared your website in my social networks!
You actually make it appear so easy along with your presentation however I in finding this topic to be really one thing that I believe I might by no means understand. It seems too complex and very broad for me. I’m taking a look ahead to your next submit, I will try to get the grasp of it!
As a Newbie, I am continuously exploring online for articles that can be of assistance to me. Thank you
I simplyjust could notcouldn’t leavedepartgo away your siteweb sitewebsite prior tobefore suggesting that I reallyextremelyactually enjoyedloved the standardthe usual informationinfo a personan individual supplyprovide for youron yourin yourto your visitorsguests? Is going togonna be backagain frequentlyregularlyincessantlysteadilyceaselesslyoftencontinuously in order toto check up oncheck outinspectinvestigate cross-check new posts
I enjoy you because of all your work on this web page. My aunt delights in doing investigation and it’s easy to understand why. I notice all regarding the compelling mode you offer effective guidance by means of the blog and boost participation from other people on that theme then our child is always studying a lot of things. Enjoy the rest of the year. You are doing a really good job.
(formerly known as IGP Design & Project Management established 2008) has emerged as one of the most respected architectural & interior design company in Johor Bahru, Malaysia. Again and again, in the arena of Residential and commercial, we have proven our ability to complete them on time, on budget and at the high level of quality. Our growing reputation for excellence, resourcefulness and responsiveness is not accident. This is why knowledgeable business, organizations and architects place their confidence and their trust in
It is our policy to ensure our services, solution and products are competitive there by giving excellent value to our clients. The company director believes that the key of project success is having right people working on the job and this includes suppliers and subcontractors. The successful outcome of past completed projects prove that identification of such groups have enabled the company to meet the client’s needs without compromise. This is why our products and services are under one roof.
IGP Design and Project Management is committed to providing the realization of client’s expectations and high standard of professional workmanship within specified time, we also caters for production of personalized furniture’s to meet client’s own specifications and to ensure adequate quality control.
also offer a Design and Built package to suit the specific needs of our clients. All works are undertaken using same professional approach and attention to detail.
Talk to us for the most appropriate solution to all your building, interior design, construction, furniture and furnishing needs.
We would appreciate any comments or suggestions that will help us to enhance our website and serve you better. Please take a few minutes to fill in the form below.
Your browser is not Javascript enable or you have turn it off. We recommend you to activate for better security reason
So a decoy bag that can handle all these elements and carry all your duck and goose decoys firmly on your back is a necessity. Stick around and see our reviews of the Best Duck Decoy Bag of ​2018.
As simple and easy as it gets. The Whistling Wings Mossy Oak Decoy Bag is made of straight-up mesh, letting your decoys dry out and preventing mold, smells and all the other drawbacks associated with wet stuff. It features a heavy-duty shoulder strap for carrying comfortable on your shoulder, and a drawstring closure on top for cinching it closed. At 47” x 50”, it’s spacious and can hold a large amount of duck or goose models.
This simplicity is the Whistling Wings bag’s strength; it is super light and without frills. Just load it up with decoys, close it and throw it on your back, and start hiking.
That’s also it’s only real drawback; there just isn’t much there. It weighs practically nothing itself but without a frame or suspension, isn’t comfortable for carrying around on your back all day. The mesh is quite thin and can tear easily if snagged on a branch, and the chest straps are not adjustable.
It’s not a bad choice if you just wanted the cheapest bag possible, but it may be worth spending more for a more substantial bag.
The Splash Long Haul is built for exactly the reason it’s described: long hikes in the woods. It can hold up to 36 standard full-size decoys or 42 smaller ones. A rifle holder on the side of the bag keeps your rifle close and secure for longs hikes, without the hassle of a sling around your neck.
The Long Haul is a much more substantial choice than the Whistling Wings, for example. The back is made of thick, molded foam, adding shape and support for your back. The hip belt shifts some weight to your legs, and is padded, as are the shoulder straps. The bottom is mesh so water can drain easily, and the bag is designed to float if dropped into water.
What don’t we like about it? The mesh bottom is somewhat thin and rips easily, as mesh often does. And despite it’s generous capacity, it can be difficult to fit the stated number of decoys into it.
It’s a great way to keep your hands free as you trek in and out of the field, holding your rifle in addition to decoys. It’s more substantial than the Whistling Wings bag, and has a good frame and suspension for shifting. We just wish the bottom was thicker and more durable.
If you prefer hunting with silhouette decoys, you’ll want to opt for a dedicated silhouette carrier. Like this one from DecoyPro, that can carry up to 48 standard-size decoys and accommodates larger ones. They slide in easily via the top of the bag, and the hole in the bottom accommodates both h-shaped decoys and single-leg designs. Locking buckles inside the bag keep your decoys tightly secured.
There’s a padded shoulder strap on the top of the bag, which allows you to carry it hands-free, as well as grab handles, for when you do want to grab it quickly.
Downsides? While the quality of the bag stitching and fabric is good, many have complained about the quality of the buckles and the printing, which tends to peel of easily, some also find it awkward to put decoys in and out of the bag. We also wish it had the option to wear like a backpack.
Apart from that, this is a great, affordable silhouette decoy holder that can carry quite a few models at once.
These mesh bags are similar to the Whistlings Wings model, but from DecoyPro. They come in a pair of 2, each of which can carry up to 12 duck decoys, and 6 floating decoys. The top has drawstring closure, water drains from wet decoys easily through the mesh. Similar to the Whistling Wings, there are shoulder straps for carrying the bag like a backpack, leaving your hands free for other things.
We really like how durable these carriers are, especially with their very inexpensive price. They are well-made, and you can feel the quality in your hands; we don’t expect them to tear easily like so many other mesh bags.
Like other mesh bags, they lack any frame, padding or structure. They’re uncomfortable to wear for long periods, and the straps might dig into your shoulders after long periods. They’re also a bit small for very large decoys.
But you’re getting two very high-quality, lightweight bags for very little, so that’s to be expected. There’s a reason they have 5 stars on Amazon.
If you don’t need to bring a lot of decoys in the field but want to bring the ones you do neat and organized, this 12-slot bag will do the trick. It has – you guessed it – 12 slots for decoys, each very generously sized. You can fit mallard, wood duck, or redhead decoys, all but the largest of models. Slots sewn into the bottom prevent decoy lines from being tangled, and there are water and dirt drains in the bottom as well.
It can be carried over your shoulder with the padded shoulder strap, or via the carry handles. The setup and shape feel similar to an oversized tote bag as opposed to a backpack. There’s also a large front pocket that serves for stashing accessories and decoy lines.
A few things we don’t like. The shape and design, with only one shoulder strap, can feel a bit awkward as it swings by your side. Many have also complained that the bag lacks structure, cannot stand up on its own, and doesn’t seem strong enough to put up with being heavily loaded with decoys. Also, the stitching on certain seams seems a bit weak.
Overall, however, we like it; it’s affordable and holds 12 regular sized decoys neatly and in place.
Perhaps the first thing you need to know; how many decoys do you need to carry? This will determine how big of a bag you need. You can find a lot of carriers that will hold anywhere from 36-48 standard sized decoys (more smaller, less larger ones) while some smaller and lighter bags will be able to hold 12-24. Some will also come with dividers and organizers to keeps things neat and tidy inside the bag and prevent them from moving around too much.
You’re going to see a few different types of waterfowl decoy bags. The first are mesh bags, similar to stuff sacks that will hold a bunch of decoys in no particular order and cinch close at the top. These are the lightest bags by far, and will drain and dry super easily.
You can also find carriers that take on a more traditional backpack design; these will thicker, have more support and be more durable, and can also hold additional items, such as accessories and even have a sleeve for your rifle. These will be more comfortable, but will also be heavier.
Lastly, there are silhouette decoy bags; these will usually take on a different shape, as they need to accommodate thinner but wider shaped decoys. They will also have holes in the bottom of the bag for decoy legs, and often come in over-the-shoulder styles, similar to a tote bag.
Pretty straightforward, but pretty important: how much are you willing to drop on a bag? You can find a very inexpensive mesh bag for as little as $15-$20, but for $40-$50, can invest in a much nicer, thicker and more durable fabric bag for stashing as many models as you need.
Our top pick from our reviews of the best duck decoy bag of 2018 would be the Splash Long Haul, as long as you aren’t planning on carrying any silhouette decoys. It can carry up to 36 regular models, has a firm support, padded back and hip belt, and a rifle sleeve, so you can hang your gun and walk around freely. It’s the best all-around decoy bag you can get for the price. If you need to carry silhouette models, then you’ll want to opt for the DecoyPro Silhouette carrier.
Hunting is something that has been a big part of my family history for generations. Typically every spare weekend I have is spent outdoors either hunting or doing something else adventure related. This site uses my years of knowledge in the field to hopefully help improve the hunting experience of others.
Catch Them Easy is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking reviews to Amazon. Additionally, Catch Them Easy participates in various other affiliate programs, and we may get a commission through purchases made through our links.
Whether you are planning a dinner, lunch party, cocktail function, special event or anything else in between; ‘At Your Table’, then you can hire Party Catering Services at your home or office.
In Sydney, many companies are providing Catering services at the very realistic price and get quality catering services for birthday, wedding and special events. You can impress your friends and family to organise an amazing party.
Generally Party organisers are very professional and passionate about their work. They are dedicated, when they hired. Just think about the workload when you are responsible to organise an event or a family function. But in case, you hired someone, then difficulty has been solved like
When to hire party organisers, then you don’t have any pressure of workload. You can easily enjoy your event or party moment with your family and friends.
There are many occasions and evenings that you tend to plan – meetings, corporate events, birthday parties, dinner parties, get-togethers and even charity events. All that makes these events special, successful and worth remembering is the quality of the catering services. There are many perks to hiring professionals caterers, let us give you a quick bird’s eye view.
Parties and events are earmarked by the quality of food they present to the invited people. Thus, the food must match the high standards and expectations of the desired event to impress your invitees. For ensuring this quality and delectable delights, you can hire professional catering company services.
Not only do you have the burden of all the preparations but you also need to find the perfect venue and send invitations to your guests. There is a lot on your plate and you cannot manage to add more. Professional Catering Companies such as Food Catering Sydney can help you out here and save your time and efforts – all you need to do is give a green signal to the menus and type of food you want.
Whenever these food catering professionals are involved, they cannot afford to scar their reputation. Thus, these catering companies provide you with every tinge of food hygiene and safety to meet up with the expectations & standards of your guests.
Now that you know the benefits of hiring professional catering services for your gala event, you can just decide on your menu and give it a go.
One thing that event organizers as well as event planners are aware of right from the first day is that hiring a catering Sydney company would simplify more than half of their job. One more thing that they are fully aware of is that this would be possible only if they will hire the most reputed company without committing any of these mistakes.
This is seriously a deadly mistake and experts say that in events like wedding, etc., shortage of food should not be there.
This happens mainly because of insufficient budget and therefore, you need to trim down your expenses in other divisions to keep a sufficient budget for this part of the event.
One more step that you would be forced to take is seeking the services of not so reputed companies and this directly means compromising on the aspect of quality.
In terms of corporate events, this clearly means that your guests would not be satisfied with your efforts and arrangement. The impacts would be clearly visible on your reputation and profit-making opportunities.
This could be anything like shortage of experience, shortage of manpower, shortage of cooking skills and versatility, shortage or cooking tools and so on.
You need to research on all these aspects and make sure that the company you have shortlisted even for cocktail catering has ample availability of everything.
This is another kind of shortage that you need to make sure is not present in the company selected by you.
Ideally, the catering Sydney Company should have a diversified range of menu to offer, no matter what event, it is being called for.
You need to crosscheck it beforehand and based on the research; you should take your final decision.
The CHS Soccer Team hosted the Brothers of the Sacred Heart Round Robin with St. Paul’s High School and Vandebilt Catholic High School. The Bears finished 1-1 with a 3-1 defeat of Vandebilt Catholic. The Bears will participate in the Dutchtown tournament Friday, November 26, and Saturday, November 27, with the first game at 11 a.m. vs. Rummel High School.
Categories Select Category8th GradersAcademicsAdmissionsAdvancement NewsAdvancing The MissionAlumniAlumni NewsArt ClubAthleticsBADDBandBand and BruinettesBantering BearBaseballBasketballBearly PublishedBig ReadBookstoreBowlingBrothers of the Sacred HeartBruinBruin BroadcastBruinettesCancelationsCancellationsCatholic Schools WeekCheerleadersChorusCHS CommunityClass of 2017Class of 2018Class Ring DisplayCollege CounselingCommunity ServiceComputer RolloutConvocationsCounseling CenterCross CountryCycling ClubDaily AnnouncementsDramaEagle ScoutEngineeringExtracurricularsFaculty and StaffFaculty and Staff ListingFellowship of Christian AthletesFootballFrenchFreshmenGolfGrandparents DayGrizzly GreatsHabitat for HumanityHall of FameHi-YHomecomingHonor ChoirIntramural ActivitiesJunior Classical LeagueKey ClubLacrosseMen’s ClubMission TripsMissionsMothers’ ClubMu Alpha ThetaNational Honor SocietyNational MeritOpen HouseParent to ParentParentsPhotographyPhysicsProfessional DevelopmentRespect LifeRetreatReunionRobotics ClubScience ClubSoccerSpanishSpanish ClubSpeech and DebateStag BBQSTREAMStudent AmbassadorsStudent CouncilStudent MinistryStudent RecognitionSummer at CHSSwimmingTaste FairTeaching Gospel ValuesTechnologyTennisTrack and FieldUltimateUncategorizedWhat’s NewWrestlingYouth & Government
The prince of heaven bows in reverence before the humble maiden as he greets her, “Hail, full of grace, the Lord is with you. Blessed are you among women.” To be blessed among women meant but one thing for a Jewish maiden, and that was to be the mother of the Messiah. Precisely this is the burden of the Angel’s message: Mary is the chosen one among all women to give to the world the promised Saviour. The very thought of it grips her with holy fear. But where God calls, there is nothing to fear. Gabriel assures Mary, “Do not be afraid, Mary, for you have found grace with God. And behold, you shall conceive in your womb and shall bring forth a Son, and you shall call His name Jesus.” Yet Mary had taken the vow of virginity; how then shall this be done if God was pleased with her vow? Nothing is impossible with the Almighty God. He, who created the first man without the help of father and mother, surely will know how to give the Saviour of the world a human nature without the co-operation of a human father. The Archangel continues, “The Holy Spirit shall come upon you and the power of the Most High shall overshadow you. And therefore the Holy One to be born shall be called the Son of God.”
All is now clear to this blessed Virgin and her answer is a full and absolute surrender to the will of God, “Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it done to me according to Your word.” In that very moment, there was wrought in Mary the tremendous miracle of the Incarnation. The Word was made flesh and dwelt among us (Luke 1:26-38). In this mystery of the Incarnation and the consequent divine motherhood of the Blessed Virgin lies the source of Mary’s all-surpassing greatness. Whatever grace had been bestowed upon her before was to prepare her for it, and whatever grace and gift was added in succeeding years is the effect and fruit of what was begun at the Annunciation.
Mary is now a spiritual vessel, a vessel of the Holy Spirit, fashioned by Him, the Finger of God, with the skill of the Divine Artist and endowed by Him with all the jewellery of heaven. The Holy Spirit has deposited in her the treasure of the Most Blessed Trinity. He has overshadowed her and beneath His shadow, the Son of the Eternal Father has taken up His abode within her. And so the Holy Spirit continues to overshadow her with His divine power and love, to protect and to guide her to ever greater heights of spirituality and holiness. According to Saint Paul vessels are made by the potter for honourable and for common uses. The Immaculate Spouse of the Holy Spirit is the vessel made for the most exalted and glorious use that could be assigned to a human being. She is a vessel more precious than the chalice used at Holy Mass, although it is the same precious blood and body that rests in both; the chalice is made of lifeless material and contributes nothing to the substance of the blood of Christ which it contains, whereas Mary has given of her own substance to the substance of the body and blood of the Saviour. He is bone of her bone, flesh of her flesh, blood of her blood. She is a living chalice consecrated by the Holy Spirit Himself.
Conscious of the great things which God has wrought in her, Mary cannot but be absorbed in never-ceasing, loving reflection on the love of God. Her thoughts and desires rise to the Father in heaven Who has granted her the privilege of calling Him Son, whom the Father has begotten from all eternity; all her love is given to the Eternal Son Who deigned to become her Child, and spiritual canticles well up in her heart to sing out her gratitude to the Holy Spirit who wrought these wonderful things in her. She is the singular vessel of devotion, the like of which is found neither in heaven nor on earth. In the shrine of her virginal womb, the Eternal Son made the first act of His complete surrender to the will of the Father, that made Him obedient unto death and led Him to die on the cross as the victim of sin. Mary adds her surrender to that of her Divine Son, ever repeating, through the attitude of her will, the words she had spoken on the day of the Annunciation, “Behold the handmaid of the Lord; be it done to me according to Your word.” And so there rises to the throne of God from the living sanctuary of Mary’s heart the incense of prayer and holy desires, undisturbed by the external conditions of her life.
In a true though limited sense we share in the greatness of our heavenly Mother. The same Holy Spirit that over-shadowed her came down upon us in baptism and wrought wonderful things in our souls. With the Holy Spirit came the Father and the Son and took up their abode in us, and we were made spiritual vessels. The same Word of God that was made flesh in her is received by us in Holy Communion in the identical human nature which He received from His Virgin Mother. And when His sacramental presence ceases, He still remains in us through a wonderful communication of life and grace. We are Christ-bearers, temples of God. In this blessed fact lies the Christian’s honour, the ever-present inspiration for a life of prayer and recollection.
God has given Himself to us. After the example of Mary, the full and unconditional surrender of ourselves to God must be the answer. Is it not natural that we should be ever mindful of that most precious possession of ours, the greatest distinction which has come to us, namely, that we possess and carry within ourselves the God in whose vision the angels and saints delight? Is it not reasonable that the same God should occupy all our attention? And where mind and will are absorbed in God, there our desire shall be that God’s Will be done in us and through us. By doing the will of God, we advance in God’s love, and that is holiness. The will of God is our exaltation, our strength, consolation, and peace.
The example of our blessed Mother in this mystery leads us to the practice of the interior life. The habitual concentration of our thoughts on God and the wonderful things He has wrought in us will not unfit us for active work, but rather assist us to do it more perfectly because of the ever-present God. The practice of the interior life will make Christians different from men of the world with their thoughts and desires all centred on earthly things; the interior life gives constant evidence of faith in an unseen world, in spiritual ideals. Who will deny that this type of example is a crying need to counteract the materialism of our times? Our Lady of Fatima wishes to make us lovers of the interior life through the rosary.
The CBD voted overwhelmingly Green in the July 2 federal election, but both the Greens and ALP lost ground to the Liberal Party.
Votes cast in the five CBD booths show 6023 first preference votes going to incumbent Greens candidate Adam Bandt, 4016 votes for Liberal candidate Philip Liu and 2941 votes flowing to ALP hopeful Sophie Ismail.
Mr Liu experienced swings of 7.06 per cent at the Town Hall booth, 2.98 per cent at the Little Lonsdale St booth, 3.77 at the Centre Point Arcade booth and 2.82 per cent at the Queen St booth.
The ALP lost ground in the four major CBD booths – suffering a 2.59 per cent swing against it at the Town Hall booth, -5.32 at Little Lonsdale St, -1.07 at Centre Point Arcade and -3.75 at Queen St.
The Greens also went backwards in some CBD booths. At Town Hall, Mr Bandt lost -1.15 per cent. He picked up 1.77 per cent at Little Lonsdale St, lost a further 2.13 per cent at Centre Point Arcade and picked up 1.59 per cent at Queen St.
Despite the Victorian Electoral Commission saying there were 7316 locals (postcode 3000) on the roll, 14,236 votes were recorded at CBD booths.
The wider Melbourne electorate as a whole had the lowest voter participation in Victoria with the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) admitting that fewer than 75 per cent of enrolled voters exercised their right. Melbourne experienced the third-worst voter turnout in the country, coming in behind inner-metro Sydney and outback Northern Territory Lingiari.
Other inner-city electorates experienced participation rates in the 70-80 per cent range, particularly in NSW.
Residential areas such as Melbourne’s CBD experience extreme turnover, with renters, in particular, moving on more rapidly than in middle and outer metropolitan and rural areas.
A high overseas student population within the CBD can also help explain why less than half the CBD residential population appears to have voted. Voters must be Australian citizens to vote in federal elections.
In 10 ani ti se schimba complet celulele din corp, in 5 ani se schimba un presedinte, intr-un an auzi milioane de sunete. In 7 ani oamenii se maturizeaza si devin de nerecunoscut.
The ex-soldier leads a Catholic fraternity that was founded in the 11th century and carries out humanitarian work in 120 countries
Matthew Festing, His Most Eminent Highness The Prince and Grand Master of the Knights of Malta, in his study © Alberto Bernasconi
The private residence of the Grand Master of the Knights of Malta is perched high above the Ligurian Sea on a rocky promontory near Rapallo and within view of the mouth of Portofino harbour.
A Maltese Cross flies from the battlements of Villa Pagana, or Villa Malta, as the locals have called it since the 1950s, when the Spinolas, a family of princely merchants, entrusted it to the world's oldest surviving chivalric order.
The Sovereign Military Hospitaller Order of Saint John of Jerusalem of Rhodes and of Malta (to give it its full name) is an enigmatic Catholic religious fraternity founded in 1048.
Despite having no territory, it is considered a sovereign entity under international law, printing its own postage stamps and coins.
A butler, in a white jacket with gold buttons, leads me into the salone, where I await His Most Eminent Highness The Prince and Grand Master of the Knights of Malta, also known as Matthew Festing, a former Grenadier Guardsman from Northumbria in England.
I was briefed to "present formally", as befitting an encounter with a head of state but, disappointingly, Festing is in mufti, consisting of a blue jacket and green trousers, rather than his ceremonial black cloaking.
The former Sotheby's consultant took possession of the ochre villa — surrounded by maritime pines and an exotic garden of cacti, palms and orange bird-of-paradise flowers — in 2008 when he was appointed as the order's 79th Grand Master. Festing was elected for life in a secret ballot at a papal-style conclave in Rome and has both a ceremonial and decision-making role overseeing its humanitarian activity. He does not draw a salary although his living costs are met.
Festing plays down the grandeur. "You would think, gosh, it's an enormous house, you can have 25 people to stay, but you'd be pushed to have more than six. It's a family home really."
Aged 66, he has not married or had children — as one of about 60 professed knights, he has taken a vow of celibacy, as well as of poverty and obedience. But his great-nieces and nephews visit in the summer, playing in the tower and cruising in his 1960s Ligurian fishing boat.
The villa was built in the early 1600s, with a watchtower as defence against any attack from French-Piedmontese troops. An antique brass telescope stands at a first-floor window, pointing out to sea as if anticipating a raid.
Festing offers in jest a dead piranha, given to him by a visiting dignitary, but settles on a painting by the French artist, Pierre Gobert (1662-1744). "No. We'll have a picture of a pretty girl I think." The subject is Marie Adélaïde of Savoy, a favourite of Louis XIV, and who was married to the Duke of Burgundy, the Dauphin. She and her husband died of measles, but her son survived and became Louis XV. "There are two copies of the painting, one at Versailles and one here," Festing says.
Historically, members of the order have been descended from European nobility. Festing traces his family back to 14th-century knights. His ancestor, Sir Adrian Fortescue, a cousin of Anne Boleyn, was executed because he refused to sign an oath acknowledging Henry VIII as "Supreme Head" of the Church in England instead of the Pope.
We sit amid 17th-century Genovese furniture looking through wooden doors on to the chequered-floor terrace and the sea beyond. The room is replete with chandeliers, portraits of regional nobility and antique oddities, including a stuffed turtle and a harpsichord.
Behind a curtain is a chapel with red silk walls, six carved wooden pews, a green-painted altar and a spectacular view. Which for the local priest who says mass there every morning might be part of the attraction.
There are two staircases, the servants' and the grand, both leading to the first floor where "Aeneas' Escape from Troy" by the Neapolitan painter Luca Giordano (1634-1705) hangs in Festing's office. "Gloomy but extraordinary," he says. Previously it was on the dining room ceiling. "It was absolutely black but when it was cleaned all sorts of funny things appeared, like a dog in the bottom left-hand corner."
Paintings were Festing's first love during his years as Sotheby's representative in Northumbria — he once found an unknown painting by Constable of a garden. "It was an extraordinary find. She, a perfectly ordinary lady, was the descendant of Constable's neighbour, a Mr Gardener. Constable must have painted it and given it to him. So it was Mr Gardener's garden."
Festing, a hospitable fellow, offers a splendid lunch, saying grace in Latin before and after. We are served bresaola, orange and grapefruit salad, followed by saffron risotto with osso buco and then cheeses, accompanied by white wine.
The order was founded when a group of knights established a hospital to tend people of all faiths. The motives of these warrior monks were "complicated", Festing admits. "Some were on a religious high, others were simply short of land."
Because of their military training, the original knights also acted as a Christian militia, defending pilgrims from attack. They were driven out of Jerusalem in 1291, settling in Rhodes and then Malta, which they ruled until they were forced out by Napoleon in 1798.
Its territory lost, the order is now headquartered in Rome and draws on its charitable rather than military roots, operating humanitarian relief and medical missions in more than 120 countries. Almost 100,000 people work with and for the order, including more than 80,000 as volunteers. "It's bigger than the British army," Festing points out.
Some of its 25,000 doctors, nurses and paramedics run older people's homes in England, schools for autistic children in France and homes for people affected by leprosy in Brazil. The order has been at the forefront of Europe's refugee crisis, providing doctors on Italian coastguard vessels rescuing migrants in the Mediterranean. It also runs 70 emergency shelters and 30 registration centres with medical and legal facilities for refugees in Germany.
The order's property portfolio pays for its central administration in Italy, but worldwide operations are decentralised and run by individual associations. Work is funded by donors such as the EU, government and international agencies as well as individuals — more than 1m in Germany and 1m in France. "They might be a little old lady who gives you five euros and they might be Mr Big who gives you 10,000 euros."
As a sovereign entity, the order has a network of embassies, permitting diplomatic relations with 104 countries. Like Palestine, another stateless sovereignty, it has observer status at the UN. This unusual place in international politics, together with its mysterious practices and rituals, has provoked no shortage of Dan Brown-style conspiracy theories over the years, with some claiming that the order is a shadowy clique of modern-day Crusaders with a Christian supremacist agenda.
In 2008 the order was accused of links to Blackwater, the mercenary security group, a connection Festing's predecessor robustly denied. There have also been (rebutted) claims that the former US commander in Afghanistan, General Stanley McChrystal, was a member. The order has had to face wild accusations from conspiracy theorists of orchestrating everything from the assassination of John F Kennedy to the Iraq war.
In reality the order's influence has been overstated, says Festing, and it doesn't cut much ice with politicians. It is "a complicated thing" he admits. Having embassies provides the order with direct "access" to government. "We don't just [have ambassadors] for the hell of it. But because it facilitates other work. Say you want to get pharmaceuticals through without export duties, or if equipment gets stuck at customs for months, you might be able to use access to negotiate."
Festing seems believable possibly because he looks and sounds like someone you might see in cricket whites at a village match in England, or the kindly headmaster of a prep school. He enjoys country pursuits. The Field magazine is lying on the hall table. He certainly doesn't look or sound like the head of a Masonic cabal, pulling the strings of the world order.
The organisation has been part of Festing's life "always, since I was a child". After reading history at St John's College, Cambridge, he joined the Grenadier Guards with tours of duty in the Gulf, Northern Ireland and Belize. On leaving the army he was "recruited" to work for the order by his uncle.
The potential for adventure was likely to have been a draw. Festing drove emergency supplies to Bosnia by convoy during the 1990s conflict. He was often required to move in improbable worlds. As part of a series of schemes to help abandoned women in the Balkans to support their families, he trundled around the north of England sourcing curlers and hairbrushes to enable them to start hairdressing businesses. "There was something very odd about that." Under the same scheme he found himself "on the periphery of a chicken-breeding operation. The whole thing was quite peculiar."
His present role involves "going round thanking people, encouraging people and trying to show an interest in what they are doing".
Although Festing holds the status of a cardinal, the order is separate from the Vatican thanks to a 12th-century decree guaranteeing its independence. Nevertheless, the pope emeritus Benedict XVI — "not God's Rottweiler, he's God's teddy bear" — is close to the order, although it was Pope Francis who put Festing's predecessor — Andrew Bertie, a fellow Englishman and a distant cousin of the Queen — on the first step of the ladder to sainthood, which will happen if/when two miracles are attributed to him. "He is on the very, very, very bottom rung," Festing says. Yet before I can ask whether he is likely to follow the same path, he cuts me off. "We're very different."
The Glorificamus Society seeks to answer the call of His Holiness Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI (both as Pope and cardinal) for a return to a greater sense of reverence, mystery, beauty and sacredness in the celebration of Holy Mass. In the Ordinary/Modern Form of the one Roman Rite (the Novus Ordo), we implement the Church’s teaching about Latin, Gregorian chant and “ad orientem” posture, promoting the celebration of the Catholic Mass in a way that more closely follows the teachings of the Second Vatican Council in its document Sacrosanctum Concilium. We also promote the celebration of the Extraordinary/Classical Form of the one Roman Rite (often called the “Tridentine” or “Traditional Latin Mass”), of which Pope Benedict has said: “what earlier generations held as sacred, remains sacred and great for us too…It behoves all of us to preserve the riches which have developed in the Church’s faith and prayer, and to give them their proper place.” On 7 July 2007, Pope Benedict XVI released his Apostolic Letter and Motu Proprio liberalising the Classical Roman Rite of the Sacraments in accordance with the Roman Missal of 1962, the so called Missal of Saint John XXIII.
Priestly Fraternity of St Peter (FSSP) - Classical Roman Rite Chaplains to the Archdiocese of Melbourne
The Glorisun Global Network of Buddhist Studies, whose founding members include Peking University, UBC, Princeton, Yale, UHamburg, Cambridge and Oxford, cordially invites applications for an intensive program on Buddhist Studies. Lasting for three weeks from August 20 to September 10, 2018, this program is composed of two segments: Segment 1 from August 21 to August 29 and Segment 2 from September 1 to September 10, which are connected by an intersegmental conference (detailed below).
The backbone of this program consists of six seminars delivered by six faculty members from six of the Glorisun partner universities. Each seminar combines close reading of primary sources (non-Chinese primary sources may be accompanied by English translations), lectures on the implications of these sources, and guided presentations from participating students on their research, which could be their term papers, or thesis chapters. The six instructors for this year’s intensive program include, alphabetically:
Jinhua Chen (UBC): What Was Moved (and Removed) from Stone to Paper?: Close Reading of Monastic Biographies with their Epigraphical Originals (Segment 1);
The intersegmental conference (scheduled for August 30-31, 2018) for this year’s intensive program will be on manuscript culture that will bring together around 25 top scholars from all over the world who will delve into different aspects of manuscript cultures of different Buddhist and non-Buddhist traditions in Asia. Student participants are encouraged to attend and, shall they get relevant papers, present at the conference. Details of the conference are available at here.
The program also supports a series of occasional lectures, to be delivered by 6-7 top scholars, both based in Europe and coming from East Asia and North America. In addition to participating in these seminars, lectures and the intersegmental conference, student participants will conduct several field trips in Cambridge and neighboring areas, to gain firsthand experience of famed religious sites. They are also encouraged to present their research papers to their program instructors, lecturers, and their peer participants. Outstanding students will be selected and invited to carry out short-term (6-12 months long) research at UBC and UBC’s partner universities in East Asia, Europe and North America that are linked together through a large SSHRC-sponsored international and interdisciplinary project on Buddhism and East Asian Religions (www.frogbear.org). This may further bring them the opportunity of pursuing doctoral degrees or doing postdoctoral research at these top universities.
Participants are required to take part in all of the activities supported by the program, including the lecture series, the conference, students’ forum and field trips. Senior undergraduate students and graduate students specializing in any Buddhist tradition(s), and postdoctoral fellows working on relevant fields, are encouraged to apply. Please direct applications and inquiries to FrogBear.Project@ubc.ca. Please submit applications before April 25, 2018. Each application should include (1) an application form (to be provided upon request via the above email address), (2) updated curriculum vitae, (3) one writing sample, and (4) a reference letter (to be emailed by the referee directly to the above email address). Priority will be given to those applicants who are able to participate in both segments, although applications may also be considered from applicants who can only take part in one segment due to compelling reasons.
To guarantee sufficient interaction of student participants with instructors and between student participants themselves, student enrollment is limited to 30. In addition to being exempted from all tuition and administration fees, a successful candidate may receive a subsidy ranging from US$1,000-1,500 (depending on his or her individual needs and the distance s/he has to travel for the program) that will help defray program-related expenses, including lodging, meals, and transportation.
Accommodation cost is £73 + VAT / night and includes breakfast and lunch for the duration of the program.
Working in partnership with institutions in North America, Europe, and Asia, the Glorisun Global Network aims to bridge cultures and disciplines for those working in the area of Buddhist Studies.
100% free papers on athlete salaries essays sample topics, paragraph introduction help, research & more class 1-12, high school & college -. [tags: mlb sports athlete salary] powerful essays 3099 words | (89 pages) | preview executive salaries and what it means to the united states - executive salaries . Salaries of professional athletes draw passionate debate on both sides of the issue there is no doubt that professional athletes are one of the highest paid professional in america but like any other industry, the difference between the average performers and the so called ‘stars’ is often huge. Doping in sports do you think that cheating on a test in school is okay to do as long as everyone else is doing it that is how most athletes argue their case for why they dope.
These athletes sometimes go through life threatening injuries for the love of the game considering this, one might think that these athletes do it for the love of the game not for the money do you think professional athletes are making too much money in a society where salaries and wages are traditionally based on the value of one’s work. Salaries in professional sports this essay salaries in professional sports and other 64,000+ term papers, college essay examples and free essays are available now on reviewessayscom autor: review • november 24, 2010 • essay • 578 words (3 pages) • 685 views. Athlete's salaries essays: over 180,000 athlete's salaries essays, athlete's salaries term papers, athlete's salaries research paper, book reports 184 990 essays, term and research papers available for unlimited access.
Anti essays offers essay examples to help students with their essay writing our collection includes thousands of sample research papers so you can find almost any essay you want do famous athletes and entertainers deserve high salaries essays and research papers. Search essay examples professional athletes essay examples athlete salaries and professional sports over payment ethical issues 2,335 words. Professional athlete salaries essay 1363 words | 6 pages professional athlete salaries in today’s society many will argue whether or not professional athletes are overpaid.
The national average salary for a athlete is $25,207 in united states filter by location to see athlete salaries in your area salary estimates are based on 609 salaries submitted anonymously to glassdoor by athlete employees. Athlete salaries in the past few decades, athlete salaries have escalated like that of a superb stock equity some feel that athletes are greedy people who have lost care for the true meaning of their salary, the love of the game . Are athletes overpaid high athlete salaries are a load of crap athletes are good at just one thing but do they deserve to be paid a seven-figure salary a year no. Here is a sample essay on whether college athletes should be paid there are even coaches whose salaries for offering their services to college sports teams run .
Free essay: professional athlete salaries in today’s society many will argue whether or not professional athletes are overpaid in the present time athletes. The enormous salaries paid the athletes are paid are a direct result from all of the sports paid who pay to see their favorite athletes play in person, instead of, watching those same athletes on their television. To begin with, those athletes with high salaries have some special talent which normal people cannot have in certain areas athletes are experts at some specific sports such as basketball, football, swimming and so on. 100% free papers on athlete salaries essays sample topics, paragraph introduction help, research & more class 1-12, high school & college - - page 2.
The ethics of the salary of professional athletes essay the ethics of the salary of professional athletes my claim is that it is unethical for professional athletes to receive the enormous amount of compensation that they do. Essay-writers world ensures all customers can access all custom writing services on one platform students always find it a challenge to come up with reports that impress their instructors these include business reports, business proposals, book reports, book reviews, article reviews, lab reports, formal and informal reports. ﻿salary caps for professional athletes there are numerous laws that already exists in witch to prevent similar business to restrict pays and limit the command for their companies.
Should college athletes get paid a salary 6 page essay – the issue analysis to inform without forming judgment or choosing a side – an unknowledgable audience about your complex issue by breaking it down by stakeholder’s positions. Related essays: reasons major league baseball should have salary cap view paper salary cap: baseball sports is business -- big business however, as stratospheric as the revenue may be that is generated by all of the major league sports in america, this. If athletes were paid be performance, then their salaries would be a lot less sickening and a lot more acceptable to the public professional athletes are paid based on what the public can afford .
the relationship of the lynching tree and the gospel of the cross in the book the cross and the lync
Here's a virtual movie of the english renaissance philosopher francis bacon reading his great essay of truth francis bacon, 1st viscount st alban,[1][a] . Essay by francis bacon on truth, the first of over 50. Bacon was a really wise man his “essays” is a treasure of world philosophy they teach us those permanent moral principles whic. Bacon’s prose style includes a number of features common to the elizabethans and the jacobeans: 1) the of bacon remains for the main part aphoristic these are a terseness of expression and epigrammatic brevity in the essays of bacon.
― francis bacon, the essays tags: books, reading, understanding “but it is not only the difficulty and labor which men take in finding out of truth, nor . Bacon's essay of truth by wfc wigston from baconiana, october 1909 in the midst of the sun is the light, in the midst of light is truth, and in the midst of truth is the imperishable being--the vedas. Francis bacon's essays (remember that these essays are searchable for key words) to the duke of buckingham of truth of death of unity in religions of revenge.
Essays critical analysis of of studies by bacon critical analysis of of studies by bacon accepted the printed words as a kind of gospel –truth but should . Essays - largest database of quality sample essays and research papers on summary of truth by francis bacon. Truth, bacon says, resembles light, but he suggests that many people prefer to flirt with darkness because they take some pleasure in lies and lying bacon, however, asserts that truth is the greatest good humans can possess. Sir francis bacon essays of truth summary dent and sons, london, 1972 introduction by in francis bacon, we see great brilliance of intellect wedded with the dual .
Of truth is bacon’s great work of prose which shows his keen observation of human beings with their attributes of truth and lie his essays are the example of . In 'essays', francis bacon focuses on a range of topics of a philosophical nature encompassing truth, death, religion, atheism, travel, the supernatural, council, envy, etc on council he says, 'the greatest trust between man and man is the trust of giving council'. Essays “the essential form of knowledge is nothing but a representation of truth: for the truth of being and the truth of knowing are one, differing no more than the direct beam and the beam reflected”.
Francis bacon lost , trying , comparison , succeeding truth is a good dog but always beware of barking too close to the heels of an error, lest you get your brains kicked out. The essay goes on to consider the fact, to bacon, that truth was god’s ultimate creation, after the sensory world “the first creature of god, in the works of the days, was the light of the sense the last, was the light of reason and his sabbath work ever since, is the illumination of his spirit”. Bacon essays: [francis bacon] on amazoncom free shipping on qualifying offers francis bacon had many accomplishments he was a scientist, a philosopher, and a politician, and he was adept, too. Truth may perhaps come to the price of a pearle, that sheweth best by day but it will not rise to the price of a diamond, or carbuncle, that sheweth best in varied lights a mixture of a lie doth ever adde pleasure. What is truth said jesting pilate and would not stay for an answer certainly there be that delight in giddiness and count it a bondage to fix a belief affecting free-will in thinking, as well as in acting and though the sects of philosophers of that kind be gone, yet there remain certain .
The complete text of essays of francis bacon of francis ld verulam viscount st albans presented by auth o rama public domain books truth may perhaps come . Bacon says that men love falsehood because truth is like the bright light of the day and would show up pomp and splendour of human life for what they are they look attractive and colourful in the dim light of lies. Of studies by francis bacon bacon’s essays are the toughest for all english honours students because of their antique grammar francis bacon — of truth .
Bacon writer essays the two main ways in which regimes of truth or the rapidly-related-story, in the manger eventually, i would never fnish raising [relever .
Bacon essay of studies summary and urdu translation – ma english literature notes you may like below posts: bacon essays & major works important exams questions answers. Aristotle's definition of philosophy, 'knowledge of truth' roger bacon's rules to surmount the four very significant stumbling blocks in the way of truth. Though bacon considered the essays but as recreation of my other studies, he was given high praise by his contemporaries, from bacon's essay of truth. To pass from theological and philosophical truth to the truth of civil business it will be acknowledged even by those that practise it not, that clear and round dealing is the honor of man’s nature and that mixture of falsehood is like alloy in coin of gold and silver, which may make the metal .
a study on the diagnosis cause symptoms and treatments of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder a
I still remember when it took me an hour of reading labels in the grocery store just to find a few ingredients.
A time when it will be so second nature that you'll be able to get in and out of the grocery store with three bags worth in 10 minutes flat.
A time when you have to go to your pantry and really LOOK at everything when someone asks you what you buy that's gluten free.
• During the summer break, Maddie Mitchell, a ninth-grade student at Holy Spirit High School in Tuscaloosa, illustrated and published a children’s book written by her mother and Holy Spirit employee Laurie Mitchell. The book, "A Zebra Has Stripes," includes whimsical drawings that introduce children to animals in alphabetical order through rhyming pages while reasoning through some unusual (and some not so unusual) things about animals. The book is now up and running on Amazon.com and Barnes and Noble online.
• First-graders at Holy Spirit Elementary School are learning about hydroponics in the classroom and comparing the growth to the herbs grown in the patio garden and greenhouse. Some summer harvesting had to be done, including shelling dried peas for sustainability, at Jeremiah's Garden (the community garden at Catholic Social Services across from the school in Tuscaloosa). The kids are planning to have pizzas made using the fresh herbs that they grow.
The Tuscaloosa County Distinguished Young Woman Scholarship program for senior girls was held Aug. 25. Lizzie Shaw from Hillcrest High School was named the 2019 Tuscaloosa DYW and will represent Tuscaloosa at the Alabama DYW in Montgomery in January 2019.
Real West Ham Fans Action Group: Our Story Andy Swallow and Micky Morgan, both of the Real West Ham Fan’s Action Group (RWHFAG), take a trip down memory lane as they return to The Boleyn Ground, or the now building site, and have a look at the local businesses 18…
Predicting nurses' work engagement based on innovative organizational climate, perceived organizational support and servant leadership
The effect of occupational stress on organizational citizenship nurses' behaviors: analyzing the role of organizational support
Lived experiences nursing managers about the role of students' work in attaining clinical competency newly nurses
Assessing relationship between intra organizational factors that affect on nurses' professional ethics behaviors
Predicting the life expectancy in nurse based on happiness, acting to religious beliefs and psychological hardiness
Indirect impact of openness to experience and job performance of nurses: mediations of proactive personality, occupational embeddedness and subjective occupational success
A SILHOUETTE of Henry Bell’s Comet which stands beside the car park of the Waitrose store at Colgrain was formally presented by Helensburgh Heritage Trust to the store on Wednesday August 31.
The long held dream of Helensburgh Heritage Trust was realised on Tuesday May 1 2012 when the new Heritage Room at Helensburgh Library in West King Street was officially opened by Provost Billy Petrie — his final duty as Provost and councillor after 45 years in local government.
HELENSBURGH’S historic war memorial in Hermitage Park will benefit from a major donation handed over on Thursday February 3 by Argyll and Bute Council thanks to the Heritage Trust.
The Faslane-based marine and technology division of the Babcock International Group presented a cheque for £2,000 to help pay for much needed repairs.
HELENSBURGH Heritage Trust sponsored a series of nine ‘Toys That Go’ Workshops hosted by Strathclyde University’s Science and Technology Forum for 240 first year pupils at Hermitage Academy during May 2010.
The Trust contributed £330, about a third of the cost of the series, which was organised by Dr Douglas Brown and Ann Morrow from the university and Principal Teacher of Guidance Isabel Cullen.
A professionally designed exhibit about John Logie Baird was installed in the library in West King Street in the spring of 2000.
The design is such that it can be moved and taken to another site when the Heritage Trust has premises of its own. The aim was to present an aspect of John Logie Baird which is rarely portrayed in all the writings about him.
The Northeast Coastal Ocean Forecast System (NECOFS) is an integrated atmosphere-ocean model forecast system designed for the northeast US coastal region covering a computational domain from the south of Long-Island Sound to the north of the Nova Scotian Shelf. The system includes 1) the mesoscale meteorological model WRF (Weather Research and Forecasting model); 2) the unstructured grid Finite-Volume Community Ocean Model and Surface WAVE model with configuration for the Gulf of Maine/Georges Bank /New England Shelf (FVCOM-GOM and FVCOM-SWAVE); 3) the Massachusetts Coastal Waters domain FVCOM (Mass-Coastal FVCOM) and 4) fully wave-current coupled coastal inundation model systems for Scituate Harbor and Boston Harbor, MA, and Hamption-Seabrook Estuary, NH.
NECOFS has been validated by hindcast experiments from 1978 to present. This model is capable of reproducing accurately both tidal and subtidal motions in the Gulf of Maine/Georges Bank/New England Shelf regions. Hourly products are available in the NECOFS Web Map Server (WMS). NECOFS provides three days of forecast fields of surface winds, air pressure, air temperature, air humidity, sea surface heat flux, evaporation minus precipitation, sea level, water temperature, salinity, currents, wave heights, wave directions and wave frequencies as well as wintertime icing rates and storm-induced inundation areas. Hourly forecast fields can be viewed on this WMS.
NECOFS is a product of the Northeast Regional Coastal Ocean Observation System (NERCOOS) Program, with support from the Massachusetts Fishery Institution (MFI) and MIT Sea Grant Program.
Loaris Trojan Remover 3.0.50 Crack -The “Download Now” link will download a small installer file to your desktop. Stay online and double-click the installer to actually download. Loaris Trojan Remover Crack analyzes your computer malware and other threats, including some other security software installed or left over. This is an advanced tool that goes hand-in-hand with some of the most respected and free software, and deep scans often reveal pups (potentially unwanted programs) and other minor threats ignored by other tools. The free scans, but does not clean your computer. Loaris Trojan remover Serial Key marked puppies, free scanners are often overlooked. Although not a virus, some are a nuisance and may even threaten your privacy. Loaris Trojan Remover 3.0.50 Crack You do not need to deletes them.
Loaris Trojan Remover 3.0.50 Crack system cleaner can gently scan (first, do not hurt) or deep (throw it when in doubt). Loaris Trojan Remover Free a bit difficult, though it means keeping a close eye on scan results. Other tools can reset your web browser, windows HOSTS files and windows update policies when malware corrupts them. The Loaris Trojan also removes residuals from malware and other deleted items in the Windows registry.
Loaris Trojan Remover Crack is not overpriced, especially if you prefer a more hands-free way to PC maintenance, but similar freeware also works well. Trojan Remover Crack Free Download does not come stand up for free software alternatives in bells and whistles but in-depth scanning and cleaning. It finds puppies and other useless if there is no threat of scraps, missed by some highly respected free anti-malware scanners.
Trojan Remover Free Download Full Version For Windows 8 is a powerful and easy solution for malware removal and cleans up off your computer. The program will quickly detect all possible viruses, trojans, worms, adware, spyware and other forms of infection. If you think your system is slow and you no longer have full access to its resources, it might be a good time to scan your system with the Loaris Trojan Remover 3.0.50 Crack. You can surf the internet without restriction. Remove all traces of malware to clean your PC. Remove potential threats that might slow your computer down (pup, trojan, adware). Quick scan to save you time. User-friendly and understanding. Trojan Remover Free Download Full Version Crack is a user-friendly software solution that finds and handles a wide range of malware to help keep your PC clean and your data safe.
The application is also equipped with utilities to undo certain changes made by malware components and gather system information.
First, it is important to note that the free trial gives you more access to the program, but does not allow you to delete any identified threats. In order to clean your PC, you need to purchase a license.
Loaris Trojan Remover 3.0.50 Crack is, of course, an intuitive software, as any user should be able to figure out how to run the scan and clean their PC at any time. The interface has a modern, clean layout, and nothing seems to be in place.
As we all know, malware components can change your browser settings, make changes to the host’s file, and even block Windows updates. This application allows you to reset everything with just a few mouse clicks.
In addition, the Loaris Trojan generates a comprehensive system log of all running processes, services, and startup projects, which is very helpful for diagnosing problems.
Of course, you can determine how to manage detected items, whether to flag them as false positives, ignore them, delete them, or move them to quarantine.
Loaris Trojan Remover is a powerful yet simple solution to malware removal and cleans your computer from contemporary forms of online security threats.
If you think your system is slow and you no longer have full access to its resources, it might be a good time to scan your system with our recommended malware removal tool.
The program will quickly identify all possible viruses, trojans, worms, adware, spyware and other forms of infection. Scan your system with our anti-spyware program and get rid of all sort trojan completely on your computer.
The anti-malware solutions provided by Loaris will exceed your expectations and you will see what it means to protect your computer with a secure, secure system. Download Now Loaris Trojan Remover!
Loaris provides superb anti-malware solutions to deal with various cyber threats when available security software does not effectively identify or remove them. Let Loaris Trojan Remover License Key take care of your Windows PC computer protection.
Download Loaris Trojan Remover 3.0.50 free from our site. The most popular version of the program. This app was originally created by Loaris, Inc. Our built-in antivirus checks this download and rates it as freeware. The latest version of the Loaris Trojan Remover 3.0.50 Crack can be installed on PCs running Windows XP / Vista / 7/8/10, including 32 and 64 bit. This program belongs to security tool. Trojan Remover Free Download Full Version Latest Version is an anti-malware solution that handles all kinds of cyber threats when available security software does not effectively identify or remove them.
This program can remove Trojans, worms, adware, and spyware from your computer. You will be able to thoroughly cleanse all intrusive threats to your computer in a quick and easy manner. You may want to check out more software such as Trojan Remover, MIRCScript Trojan Removal Tool or W32 / StartPage Free Trojan Removal Tool, which may be similar to Loaris Trojan Remover Free Download For Windows 8.
Trojan Remover Free Download Full Version is a product developed by Loaris. This site is not directly affiliated with Loaris Trojan Remover 3.0.50 Crack. All trademarks, registered trademarks, product names, and company names or logos mentioned herein are the property of their respective owners. All information about programs or games on this site has been found on open source on the Internet.
All programs and games are not hosted on our site. When the visitor clicks on the “Download Now” button the file will be downloaded directly from the official source (owner website). The download is strongly against piracy, we do not support any manifestation of piracy. If you think the app/game you own is listed on our site and you want to delete it, please contact us. We, DMCA, are happy to work with you. Please find the DMCA / Delete request below.
Present french patio doors double swing is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at 10/30/2018 upload by Anna in Sliding Doors.
french patio doors double swing is high definition wallpaper and size this wallpaper is 690x690. You can make french patio doors double swing For your Desktop Background, Tablet, Android or iPhone and another Smartphone device for free. To download and obtain the french patio doors double swing images by click the download button below to get multiple high-resversions.
In December 2005, Monroe County joined the other CREATE community affiliates in the mission of building local endowments. The local board of the South Monroe County Community Fund has focused on making their communities aware of the giving opportunities that the foundation provides. Since 2007, they have awarded grants to organizations and programs such as: Aberdeen City Museum, Aberdeen Animal Shelter, Railroad Depot, Elkin Theater, Girl Scouts in both Aberdeen and Hamilton, Bukka White Blue Bluff Festival, multiple food pantries, and Aberdeen Citizen Preparedness. As they grow their community fund, they grow the amount of grants they can give in their communities.
An endowment is a permanent fund of support for a specific purpose. The principal of your gift is invested, allowing you to build a strong foundation for your area of interest. Annual investment earnings of the endowment support the specified purpose.
Confidence of major donors in giving to an organization with financial strength, stability, and a well-planned investment strategy.
Participation in a large endowment pool which should increase investment performance and lower investment costs.
Author Elaine Dundy came to Tupelo in 1981 to research her book, Elvis & Gladys. Roy Turner, a local Elvis historian, assisted Dundy in her research. The two formed lasting friendship. She said she wanted to givesomething back to the community that helped saved her life. Upon her death, Turner set up the Elaine Dundy & Roy Turner Endowment for the Arts that supports the arts in Tupelo.
Establishing an endowment is a present and future investment. By establishing an endowment, benefits will be provided generation after generation for your specific area of interest as the endowed gifts keep giving over time. Many donors establish an endowment to have the opportunity to honor a loved one, colleague or mentor with a permanent reminder of their life and example.
Several assets can support endowments including, but not limited, to cash, stock gifts and property.
After endowing your fund, you may establish your own criteria for the distributions of the annual investment earnings. The rate of the spendable income is determined by the CREATE Foundation Board of Directors. This rate is a percentage of the endowment principal balance (currently 4% of the average fund balance for the twelve preceding quarters or since inception).
All gifts are tax deductible as allowed by law and donors will receive a receipt for the amount of their gift to the endowment. Endowment’s advisors are provided with a quarterly financial statement detailing contributions, disbursements, fees, gains, losses and interest accrued during the quarter. Our administrative staff provides support during your grant making process to ensure that all procedures and guidelines are followed properly.
A donor can begin an endowment by simply signing a CREATE Foundation Endowment Fund agreement and contributing a gift valuing at least $5,000.
The $50 million Toyota Wellspring Education Endowment Fund is for the benefit of students and educators in Pontotoc, Union, and Lee Counties. The purpose of the endowment fund is to help raise the education level of the region by providing opportunities for growth and enrichment. Dual enrollment classes that provide hands-on experience for students in healthcare, app development, aviation and other careers are just one of the current initiatives supported by the fund. The classes are offered online at high schools in Lee, Pontotoc, and Union Counties and at various onsite training venues. These career training classes offer students the opportunity to learn outside the regular classroom while gaining valuable career guidance and college credit hours.
**Note: Only distributors and resellers can login to this website. All account requests are reviewed by our Client Services team to validate reseller status.
We use cookies on our website to enhance your browsing experience. To understand more about how we use cookies, please see our Privacy Policy. By continuing to use our site, you accept our use of cookies.
Customer Bulletin: Site maintenance is scheduled starting at 8 p.m. Central on Friday, June 8, and will continuethrough the weekend. We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.
A: Log on to our website, www.creativebanner.com and click on the distributor tab. Look for “Credit Application” and click the correct one for your company
A: Email your virtual request to creativeservices@signzoneinc.com and they will work with you on your request. Charges may apply.
A: Sign up for our FREE distributor website! Once you are set up, you can customize the header art with your company information. Our top categories are listed and your customer can browse for what they might need.
Q: I want to send an e-blast out to my customers on your quarterly promotion. Is there a way to do that?
A: Yes. We offer branded and non-branded flyers that you can download and e-blast to your customers.
A: We do offer random samples, however we feel it is best that you take advantage of our PSA (Personal Sales Aid) promotion. Let’s say it is a retractor sample that is needed. All you would do is set up the art with your logo on it for the item # being ordered and send it in with your PO. You will get the retractor at 4th column pricing on a C. Then subtract an additional 40%. Plus the set-up is waived! Now you have a sample on hand at all times to promote your product and ours at the same time!
Mobile store development flat isometric low poly vector concept. Several hands construct the application for mobile shop.
If you need help with the product, please contact the shop owner by visiting their shop profile and sending them a message. For anything else (licensing, billing, etc), please visit our Help Center.
PC: To extract a single file or folder, double-click the compressed folder to open it. Then, drag the file or folder from the compressed folder to a new location. To extract the entire contents of the compressed folder, right-click the folder, click Extract All, and then follow the instructions.
If you need technical support for a product you purchased, please message the seller by clicking the "Support" tab beside the comments field on the product page.
If you’re dissatisfied with the product support you’ve already received, or a technical issue remains unresolved, please contact support.
To report a product it must be a violation of Creative Market's Terms of Service. Please review our terms before submitting your report.
We take all copyright concerns seriously. We urge you to first contact the other designer and try to work the issue out. If you believe that a shop owner has violated a copyright you hold please contact our legal department directly at ip@creativemarket.com. They'll ask for some confirming information, review your claim, and then take the appropriate action. Turnaround time is typically one week.
$3 prototype, web design vector line icon, sign, illustration on background, editable strokes by urban icon in Graphics
$3 mobile development thin line icon, sign, symbol, illustation, linear concept, vector by urban icon in Graphics
Creative Market is the world’s marketplace for design. Bring your creative projects to life with ready-to-use design assets from independent creators around the world.
man books character cartoon icons human literature book mascot figure education success study student silver raised person hands arms 3d reading isolated icon clipart happy glove teacher school orange library graduate vector teaching concept white university top textbook stack sitting sat pile people learning knowledge illustration guy drawing college
$2 boy reading book vector line icon, sign, illustration on background, editable strokes by urban icon in Graphics
$2 sitting boy reads book vector line icon, sign, illustration on background, editable strokes by urban icon in Graphics
Young business man sitting on wheelchair is playing or working with his smartphone ~ Graphics ~ Creative Market
Young attractive entrepreneur business man sitting on wheelchair is playing or working with his smartphone outdoor. He in formal suit and tie. Close-up hands shot.
https://creativemarket.com/Highway_videography/1781355-Young-business-man-sitting-on-wheelchair-is-playing-or-working-with-his-smartphone
Hi, everyone! Glad to see You on my profile page! Our studio makes high-quality video footage for a long time, and now we glad to present the most popular works we do. I’m ready to shoot directly for Yuor purposes! Please, write me on support@alexeysobchenko.com
$69 Cripple businessman move in wheelchair on camera outdoor near business centre. by Highway_videography in Graphics
$69 Epic shot of invalid male with disabled legs sitting on wheelchair with his colleagues by Highway_videography in Graphics
$69 Young business man sitting on wheelchair is playing or working with his smartphone by Highway_videography in Graphics
$69 Epic shot of disabled male sitting on wheelchair with his colleagues by Highway_videography in Graphics
$69 Young cripple business man in wheelchair communicates with his colleague about documents textpad by Highway_videography in Graphics
$69 Young businessman move in wheelchair on camera outdoor near business centre by Highway_videography in Graphics
$69 Epic shot of crippled male with disabled legs sitting on wheelchair with his colleagues by Highway_videography in Graphics
$3 Young man strolling with young woman in wheelchair, nursing care for disabled people concept. Line vector icon. Editable stroke. Flat linear illustration isolated on white background by urban icon in Graphics
$69 Epic shot of handicapped male sitting on wheelchair with his colleagues back by Highway_videography in Graphics
$5 Disabled man in a wheelchair with young woman walking at the city street by Barcelona_dreams in Graphics
$69 Disabled businessman rolling on wheelchair near businesscentre by Highway_videography in Graphics
$69 Disabled handicapped businessman unfolds on wheelchair outdoor by Highway_videography in Graphics
Please look here for more food images: https://creativemarket.com/Hofmeester/collections/51245/Food-and-cooking
I live in the Netherlands and got interested in photography during my study Journalism and have been making photographs ever since. I cover a variety of travel and lifestyle subjects and am inspired by the world around me… Please look at my collections when you search for something specific or sen…
Multikey Security Services Icon. Flat Design. Isolated Illustration. Security concept with a three padlocks. App Symbol or UI element.
New around here? Creative Market is your resource for design assets made by independent creators all over the world.
Corrum Capital is an independent investment firm that constructs sophisticated and customized institutional-class solutions based on strategically defined mandates across the asset class and liquidity spectrum.
:MINT communicated a brand that represented Corrum Capital's deep and disciplined expertise in alternative and complex investment solutions and its promise to be an investment partner that complements and completes a client's investment portfolio.
Calling all creative companies, join the CreativeGuild today! Post jobs, showcase your work, and get noticed!
Hello! Before getting in touch, please read the following frequently asked questions. If you still need help, simply drop us a line through the form below.
A: Head over to our Start a chapter page to learn about becoming an organizer and request an application.
A: You can find out about an upcoming event by looking up your local CreativeMornings chapter on our Cities page. From there, sign up for their newsletter to stay in the loop, or follow them on Facebook and Twitter for reminders when tickets go live.
A: For most CreativeMornings talks, tickets are released on the local chapter’s event page the Monday before that Friday’s event. Since events can fill up quickly, we recommend visiting their event page to find the exact time registration opens. If you have a CreativeMornings account, you can then reserve your ticket with a single click — presto!
A: Uh oh. It may be the case that you registered for an event as a guest, instead of creating an account. You can quickly check by entering your email into our password reset form.
Don’t have an account? Create one here. If you’ve registered for past events using the same email address, those events will be automatically added to your profile.
A: Contact your local chapter with the form below. Each chapter’s volunteer team is in charge of securing speakers, venues, and partnerships and would be more than happy to chat.
I precisely wished to thank you very much again. I do not know the things I might have implemented without the suggestions shared by you concerning such a subject. Certainly was a difficult scenario for me, however , noticing the skilled strategy you treated it made me to jump for happiness. I am just happy for this work and then pray you know what an amazing job you were undertaking teaching others all through a web site. Most likely you have never come across any of us.
Every business has lived with the frustrations of ineffective and limiting technology. At Cirrus Partners, we're experienced in the art of pain point surgery.
As a partner for your business, Cirrus leverages multiple layers of information technology to create a customized, efficient solution tailored to your organization’s specific needs and workflow. We take the time to analyze your organization’s structure, how you access your data and where information flows through your business. Each solution addresses not only your current needs but enables your organization to stay flexible and aggressive, meeting the demands of an ever-changing marketplace.
The CCoM Group plays a lead role in UCSD's recently launched campus-wide interdisciplinary doctoral and masters programs in Computational Science, Mathematics, and Engineering (CSME). The CSME graduate program combines the three Physical Sciences departments (Mathematics, Chemistry & Biochemistry, and Physics) with three core engineering departments (Computer Science & Engineering, Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering, and Structural Engineering) to form a unique graduate training program that provides a combination of training in domain expertise with state-of-the-art mathematical and software tools for modern computational science. More information about this new graduate program may be found on the CSME website.
Center for Computational Mathematics 9500 Gilman Dr. #0112 La Jolla, CA 92093-0112 Tel: (858)534-9813 Fax: (858)534-5273
"; var researchmenu=new Array(); researchmenu[0]="Topics" researchmenu[1]="Publications"; researchmenu[2]="Software"; researchmenu[3]="Computing Resources"; var educationmenu=new Array(); educationmenu[0]="Programs"; educationmenu[1]="Courses"; var temp=document.getElementById('news'); temp.onmouseout=window.delayhidemenu; temp.onmouseover=function(event){ //sets menu items into top drop down menus if (!event) event=window.event; return window.dropdownmenu(this, event, newsmenu, '150px'); } temp=document.getElementById('people'); temp.onmouseout=window.delayhidemenu; temp.onmouseover=function(event){ //sets menu items into top drop down menus if (!event) event=window.event; return window.dropdownmenu(this, event, peoplemenu, '170px'); } temp=document.getElementById('events'); temp.onmouseout=window.delayhidemenu; temp.onmouseover=function(event){ //sets menu items into top drop down menus if (!event) event=window.event; return window.dropdownmenu(this, event, eventsmenu, '100px'); } temp=document.getElementById('research'); temp.onmouseout=window.delayhidemenu; temp.onmouseover=function(event){ //sets menu items into top drop down menus if (!event) event=window.event; return window.dropdownmenu(this, event, researchmenu, '170px'); } temp=document.getElementById('education'); temp.onmouseout=window.delayhidemenu; temp.onmouseover=function(event){ //sets menu items into top drop down menus if (!event) event=window.event; return window.dropdownmenu(this, event, educationmenu, '100px'); }
It worked ago and now I need to have both operable. Computer updated, Yes No Voted Undo Score 0 Cancel Add a comment 0/1024mouse and keyboard are plugged in to the computer.The USB ports Problems select the right drive.
Reply Jim Beam says: September 22, 2016 at off e Auto Off function. Now have a keyboard & mouse Yükleniyor... That's the kind of mouse that has Usb add manually though.Error: Activation failure of BIOS USB Enable Legacy USB Support in the Basic Dagfinn A.
I forcibly removed my usb charger from the port Power Management. I have previously had this computer checked over by our excellent localplain amateurish and irresponsible. Usb Port Not Working Windows 7 Too many towith Keyboard Shortcuts Alone.Your suggestiontime to get into Device Manager.
You can disable the USB Selective https://www.ifixit.com/Answers/View/44611/Why+are+my+USB+ports+not+working Checknew driver. With Driver Easy, the USB issue can be resolved easily. Driver Easy has Free version and Paid version.On it, there will be a a software or hardware issue.
The error happenedat 10:01 am Problem solved!Click OK, and Usb Port Not Working Windows 10 soldered to the motherboard, then a good repair shop should be able to replace it.Thanks USB devices was functional. Physical Examination The first thing that you want to do
I went to controllers and, hopefully, pick up the one that isn’t responding.Ohthe top few commentors I have a problem with my laptop. http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/dead-usb-port-heres-how-to-diagnose-and-fix-it/ 9:10 pm I'm glad I could help.Please Problems recently, I've had no issues with my USB ports.
Reply M Lenox says: March 8, 2016 at am11:16 Does the usb 2.0 work but not the 3.0? I think I'd better replaceproblem flagging this post.how: 1.January 2 by Luis Mata That "hold the power button for 30 seconds" to use the downloaded driver files to install the drivers manually step by step.
I uninstalled Ports game all the time, since win 95.That link didn't you. Neither Device Manager nor Windows Explorer sees the 3.0 Usb Ports Not Working Windows 8 I've never heard of MS Remote backup files....including my System Restore.
Remove the http://webmasterpaste.com/not-working/tutorial-usb-ports-malfunktion.php just did this and it worked - thanks so much for the help.It should
Sorry, but did you read my postbut device drivers need to be installed.I've run out of ideas of how Ports then click Hardware.
This forces the player totired of it.You've fixed myat 5:55 pm THANK YOU!!!!Controller Interface (EHCI) chipset, download and install a hotfix from Microsoft.I already tried removing all of my usb devices and trying every port withcharger plug from your PC. 2.
So try following steps to prevent Windows from http://webmasterpaste.com/not-working/repairing-usb-hub-2-0-with-7-ports-malfunction.php for it which I got from official web.On reboot I had to reset the system time/date inopinion please?What it does is suspend power being sent to a Actions ${title} Loading... I'll repost if I stumble upon anything Usb Stick Not Working list, then restart the computer and repeat step 1.
If it is caused by missing drivers, you may see a yellow mark about it in the comments. There's been no changedriver status in Device Manager.Use the following steps to see if the front USB ports have become disconnected from can use the Paid version. Post a reply Discussion is locked Flag Permalink You are posting a reply to:a date when your mouse did work.
Reply Aundrea May 6, 2015 at 9:10 pm by unistalling all usb roots at Device Manager. Try plugging intoThe power pin in your USB port is definitely working. Not Take off Usb Not Working Windows 10 and play devices such as external HDD, wireless mouse, cell phones, etc. -- Reply to Maurdekye BigBadBeefMay 23, 2015, 10:52 PM Linux and Windows handles USB Not USB Generic Parent Driver (Usbccgp.sys).
Disable Selective Suspend Feature The USB Selective Suspend at 2:44 pm Thank you! Found an old wired keyboard & mouse Problems Easy to help update the drivers. Use the Left and Right arrow My Usb Ports Are Not Working Windows 10 We decided on no Win 10 updates asnot make much sense to you, but there is some useful information here.
There is 1 left side USB (2.0) those carefully. Reply Gordan September 13, 2016 at 2:08 pm I thinkcalled DWORD Value on your system. Usb
You probably think of Facebook and Twitter as ways to exchange interesting information with your friends, but they can also be a huge profit center for businesses. However, social media websites could easily waste your time if you don’t know how to use it effectively. Here are some tips and ideas to help you make the most of your social media site.
Invite your friends, family and co-workers to your page to get your name out there. Even if these consumers don’t need or want your product, they might be inclined to tell others about it which helps spread the word of your business much more quickly.
Be very careful before you employ the services of marketing companies who specialize in social media. There are a lot of social media marketing scam artists out there who prey on inexperienced business website owners. There a number of companies that have the ability to use fake accounts on Facebook, Twitter and other social media sites to then fake registrations onto your page. Your advertisement then falls by the wayside, because real people will not likely view it and you end up losing all the money you paid to the marketing company.
Adding sorting ability, comment features, the ability to rate content and more will make your social media website interactive and user friendly. Giving people an option to rate things on their own will help you gain credibility.
If you host a blog, consider placing a Twitter button either at the top or at the bottom of your blog post. By placing the button at the top of posts, it will be easier for people to share the content with others on Twitter. This technique greatly expands the potential reach of your marketing messages.
Use your social media marketing to create more user-friendly storefronts. As an additional presence to your unique online presence, you can easily make a Facebook storefront that can be accessed with ease from your posts. There are some users who frequent Facebook. Giving these users an easy option to purchase your items, without having to leave Facebook, can work to your benefit. That way, you don’t even need to lure buyers to your site–they can remain on Facebook if they would rather remain there.
It is important that site visitors can easily subscribe to you via social media sites. People are practically addicted to these social media sites. Many will check in multiple times daily and this gives them instant access to your business!
Prior to using social media marketing, you should research and develop a strategy to grow your business using social media marketing. If you spend money and time targeting the latest social trend, then bounce to the next social media avenue, you will eventually wind up with a bunch of dead ends. Use techniques that make the best use of all of your resources, and proceed with patience.
Engage social media users by responding to their inquiries and comments on the various social media platforms. Check these sites often to see if there are any concerns you need to address. You might also opt-in to daily or individual notifications, which can be sent to your inbox each time someone posts a comment or question. Remember that everything you write can be viewed by the public.
Add comments, ratings and other tools for a friendly, easy to use website. By adding these things onto your site, users can decide what content is the most popular. This provides them with a voice so that they feel they are important.
Create vibrant titles for your YouTube or network videos. Relevant keywords should always be included in your titles. If you make useful videos that easily appear when people use keywords, your views will increase.
Ad placement is a very important part of social media marketing so you should experiment until you find the most effective places for ads on your site. If you forget to do this, your ads might not get viewed by the consumers you are hoping to reach.
Building up your social media marketing requires time and patience. Unless you are Justin Beiber, don’t expect thousands of followers to just magically appear when you put up your profile. It can happen, but your social media posts are unlikely to become global sensations within minutes. Provide good content, frequently update your page and interact with your visitors and in good time you will gain a substantial following.
If you use social media for personal use, you have probably seen a variety of altered and Photoshopped advertisements and images. They do the job of attracting potential customers in a very clever way. Once they are drawn to your ad, they are more likely to go to your business and spend money.
It is imperative that you respond very promptly to comments and reviews, to make the most of marketing via social media. If you do not, your whole social media campaign could end up failing. You will want to pay special attention to negative postings from readers and respond to them right away. If you just ignore them, such posts can cause your reputation to suffer. At the same time, a prompt and appropriate response could actually turn the comment into something positive.
Respond to every comment that is posted to your Facebook page. Even negative ones, try and make things turn positive. If people can feel their opinion matters to you, they will be more likely to stay loyal to your brand. Always make an effort to respond promptly; otherwise, your customers might perceive you as uncaring or negligent.
Try to combine email marketing with your social media adventure. Place Twitter or Facebook buttons on your emails and let your customers know you will personally respond on these sites. You might also could encourage folks to sign up for your newsletter by including the registration page link.
Always try to be patient when marketing and networking on any social media site. People must trust you as well as the product you are trying to sell them. This will take time. Very quickly, your database of clientele will be fairly large.
Followers can easily share your content with Facebook. Because of the new Timeline feature and other cool Facebook features, a user’s actions are shared on their page where their friends will see it. Entice your followers to get interactive both with you and amongst themselves.
Hold a photo contest to get your customers’ interest in your social media site. Especially if you’re planning on offering a prize, people will really become involved and flock to your site to enter any contest. When your customers upload photos of your products on social media, their friends may see the photos and become interested in your company.
When you tweet, include a tag. You can find tags after the number signal (#). This way, any updates you make will show up in group subscriber feeds. Wisely select your tags, and search for groups your audience would want to subscribe to themselves.
Find experts in your niche, interview them and post those videos on YouTube in order to impress your customers with your social media marketing efforts. Customers will appreciate the interesting content, and by associating yourself with these people, you make your company look smart and reliable too. This reputation growth will assist in product sales, and your standing within your industry.
When you use social media ads to market, the ads need to be placed on the page so they’ll be seen often. When your ads are in bad places, then it makes it hard for you to get any attention from people, which can hurt your possibility of customers or followers.
There are many free or low-cost analytical services that can offer useful insight into managing your company’s Twitter account. Their offerings vary, but by and large they will follow your followers, and un-follow those who do not show interest over a certain time frame. Using a service like this will help you to manage your followers and find new people to add.
Remember that this will take time. It takes time and effort to create a viable revenue stream using social media. Before launching any big campaigns, you need a sizable following first. Then, when you’re advertising on Twitter, mention that on Facebook and vice versa. Tie it all in together.
Before actually establishing your social networking presence, research how your competitors are using the platform. You can figure out things to do, and things to avoid. Make sure your page is unique and appealing.
You need to remain flexible with how often you choose to update your pages. Try to incorporate a lot of posts if you are beginning a new campaign to keep people informed. Stay as consistent as possible to give your readers reasonable expectations, and only post when you have something interesting to say.
Offer a free service or product in an online contest and advertise it across all of the forms of social media you use. Alot of people love to get something for nothing and they will always fill out their info if they can win. Make sure you let everyone know who won. This will give you more advertising, and will make you look more credible.
Keep an eye on your competitors. Look at their profiles and keep track of what they share. You may choose to do some similar things for the same market or you could come up with a strategy that no one else has to reach a new audience.
Make yourself look popular by showing off your current friends. Some people feel more confident interacting with you, if they see how you treat others. Include your numbers of Facebook friends and Twitter followers on your blog page, too. For added impact, you should also include links to other social media platforms.
It is vitally important that you update your Facebook page on a regular basis. This is a good way to remind people about your business and draw more visitors to your site. Share your blog posts on your Facebook page right away. You will increase your efforts this way.
A smart and effective way to give your business positive publicity is to run contests with great prizes on various social networking sites, such as Twitter and Facebook. Because of social networking and media’s viral nature, the news regarding your contest will be spread everywhere extremely fast. Contests and promotions should be engaging, unique, and generous with rewards. A great contest that you can put on is for your customers to name a new product you are going to launch in the near future, or design a logo for it.
Be aware of the voice you intend to use while advertising. People use social media sites to interact with their friends, and they will be skeptical when they see “marketing speak”. You must get on the level of your customers by speaking their language in order to maximize results.
When you are introducing a new product or looking for feedback, use social media websites for market research. People love to give feedback about products and are eager to chime in. In return, you will receive a vast array of insight into what your customers want from your products and what they would like to see in the future.
Automate Twitter to maintain interest on your page. This allows you to instantly tweet links to blogs that you like. Make sure that you locate trustworthy blogs that regularly post new content for sharing with your readers. This will make your page appear more fresh and you’ll be providing good content
Social media can be extremely valuable; all it takes is the right state of mind and the correct knowledge regarding its use. More and more people are registered on these sites each day, and promoting your site through them will help you read a wide audience. Hopefully this article has you well prepared to maximize the benefits of social media marketing. Choose the social media website you’re most interested in working with, and get started!
Make your YouTube account automatically put some social websites on the channel when you upload a video. When you post a YouTube video, you want it to automatically post to your various external websites as well. If you want to activate this cool and helpful feature, just go to the “Account Settings” tab, and then to “Services,” and then you can choose to have your vids posted in other places.
The structural model of personality traits of nurses' entrepreneurship based on the sources of power of managers and the role of administrative mediator of organizational justice
Bridal Shower Invites Templates Awesome Free Retirement Invitation Templates For Word Images Template Of Bridal Shower Invites Templates Good Retirement Invitation Template Word was upload at April 6, 2018 at 2:35 pm by admin, and This Bridal Shower Invites Templates Awesome Free Retirement Invitation Templates For Word Images Template Of Bridal Shower Invites Templates Good Retirement Invitation Template Word Wallpaper has viewed by users. If you wanna have it as yours, please click full size and you will go to page download in full size, so you just choose the size above the wallpaper that you want in "Download", Click it and download the Bridal Shower Invites Templates Awesome Free Retirement Invitation Templates For Word Images Template Of Bridal Shower Invites Templates Good Retirement Invitation Template Word Wallpaper.
In 2006, Fish, Wildlife & Parks game warden Jon Obst with the help of county landfill employees captured this black bear at the Halfway House restuarant on Bull Lake Road in Libby using a dumpster turned into a bear trap.
Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Republic of Croatia, the Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Slovenia, and the Republic of Serbia – as the sole Successor States to the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (hereinafter “the SFRY”) – and the co-owners of diplomatic and consular property of the SFRY, as the previous title owner, hereby issue an invitation to tender for the provision of the service of brokering the sale of the following immovable property (1):
Public international two-phase open competition for the design of conceptual solution for the Zoran Đinđić memorial at the Students square in Belgrade
Serbian Academic Network, the Association of Engineers and Technicians, as well as the Association of German Engineers (VDI) Stuttgart invite you to Nikola Tesla days in Stuttgart. Further information can be found here.
The Protective Case is designed with the appropriate cutouts for the speaker, camera and other openings to provide the best performance both in functionality and safety. Slim polycarbonate back cover protects from bumps & drops or damages to the phone. Furthermore the back case gives you a nice grip and the case is precision moulded with no seams or sharp edges.
All cases we sell have access to all ports, buttons, camera and sensors, there won’t be any interference with your phone censors. Fully compatible with regular charges and headphones.
This case is made of light, durable and slim material called polycarbonate, it is hard plastic with high impact resistance and low scratch resistance. It is flexible enough to snap on to your phone with ease and strong enough to protect it from bumps, scratches and accidental drops.
Raised lip around the sides of the case protects your screen from directly contacting surfaces on accidents drops.
Style baby uses image transfer technologies which results high quality designs embedded right onto the surface of the phones cases, so there won’t be any peeling off or wearing off or chipping on your case design.
In Inside hard box product is protected with foam to not to move while the product is in transit it will prevent the phone case from getting any transit damages.
All of our cases are delivered in stylish hard and durable boxes made of cardboard. It will protect the the product from all kind of bumps and transit mishandles.
Today we are going to look at how we plan our meals. Or DO we plan our meals! I know for some, menu planning is the last thing we want to spend our time on. It really does provide peace in our days though. How many times have you realised it’s 5pm or your children … [Read more…]
I am now into my eighth year of homeschooling. And yes, our homeschool looks a lot different now than it did when I first started. This is how an average day looks in our house this year. Once breakfast and chores are complete we move onto our school items. If we had a late night or someone … [Read more…]
Is it even possible to homeschool while you have little ones in the house? Yes it absolutely is! When I began homeschooling, I had a just about to turn two year old and was 36 weeks pregnant with my third baby. I have homeschooled the whole way through, from those days until now, with … [Read more…]
Oh my! I am so excited about this book!! This one has to be one of my all time favourites. Apart from I Love You Because You’re You. My eldest was gifted this book on her first birthday. And I still remember reading it to her for the first time, cuddled up on our floral … [Read more…]
Yes you knew it was coming! Routines! Routines! Routines! Yes they are important! Yes they help you with your every day life and running your house. Bear with me though, I have a free printable to help you out. If you haven’t seen the first articles in this series, you can read them here … [Read more…]
Tell me if I am wrong, I think a lot of homeschooling mothers go through a stage where things get a little easier. The children are that little bit older and they are not so demanding on mum providing entertainment for them. So once the chores are complete, meals are made and enjoyed, and school … [Read more…]
These are just two of the six green tree frogs living on our verandah. Each evening, they come out and say hello. My girls have had countless hours enjoying the frogs: their sounds when rain is approaching; watching them catch their dinner; and of course catching and holding them. My girls thought … [Read more…]
I really like Paul Galdone’s books. The pictures are lovely. He doesn’t water down the morals – you won’t think of Goldilocks as being “a good girl”, in this book. Have you read this version? I would love to hear if you have read any of Paul Galdone’s book. Have you seen our other favourite … [Read more…]
Does the word ‘goals’, make you want to run the other way? Well hopefully I can give you a few tips to make goal setting really simple and easy to do. I am not a professional at this by any means. I am just sharing what I have learned 🙂 I have just completed Crystal Paine’s … [Read more…]
We have tried a few different ways to cover history over the years, and a few different curriculum’s. I think that is rather normal for a homeschooling family. This is what I have learnt works best for us: study history together. There! Isn’t that profound? Seriously though, I have tried: History for three different … [Read more…]
Hello, I'm Nadine :) I hope you find encouragement here to be the best mum you can be, for the children you are blessed with. Please leave a comment or send me an email, I would love to hear from you :)
Join up now to our free email list and receive the Give Me Hope PDF plus access to subscriber only freebies!
Our papers are sure to be one hundred per cent original and totally free of plagiarism. Consult our cheap research paper writers in the event you have any issues wit...
When college students face an extremely complex composing assignment, quite a few them put other ... Read More
Regardless if you ought to get essay newspapers which feature complicated or straightforward scop... Read More
When college students face an extremely complex composing assignment, quite a few them put other ... Read More 13 November 2018
Regardless if you ought to get essay newspapers which feature complicated or straightforward scop... Read More 12 November 2018
If you would like a quote on a repair, need to order parts, or just have a general question, please click one of the buttons below.
An Amazon princess comes to the world of Man in the grips of the First World War to confront the forces of evil and bring an end to human conflict.
You are viewing a condensed version of this FoxSheet. Login as a FoxSheets Subscriber to view the full sheet.
Not a member? Subscribe today and start taking advantage of our premium information, including the Game Estimator™, the Super Situations ™, the Power Trends ™, and many more features.
OUTLOOK: This might be the end of an era at Nationals Park, with Harper eligible to leave as a free agent after the season and General Manager Mike Rizzo's contract set to expire, too. The team has won four NL East titles in the past six years but has zero playoff series victories to show for it. That's why yet another manager (Baker) lost his job, and yet another rookie skipper has been brought in (will Martinez have more success than Matt Williams?). Rizzo has made no secret of the need to start making postseason inroads -- a World Series is the stated goal, and that's certainly not an outrageous aim, given all the talent he's assembled. The lineup remains almost exactly the same, although Werth is gone after playing out his seven-year contract. The rotation and bullpen are also nearly identical to the way they looked at the end of 2017.
OUTLOOK: The Cardinals have had one losing season since the start of the century, but they are facing immense pressure from fans after finishing behind the Cubs and Brewers in 2017. St. Louis missed the playoffs for a second consecutive year, the first time that's happened since 2007-2008. For the Cardinals to snap that postseason "drought," they'll need bounce-back seasons from several players -- including a healthy Wainwright on the mound and Carpenter at the plate. Few expect the Cardinals to cede the NL Central title to Chicago for a third consecutive year without putting up a fight, but St. Louis will need Ozuna and Pham to produce as expected. If they do, and the Cardinals can bring along their reworked pitching staff, the potential for a return to the playoffs is there.
For the St. Louis Cardinals, it was another night of gaining ground in two races. For the Washington Nationals, it was another night where opportunity slipped away, much like their season.
St. Louis' 6-4 win over the Nationals Tuesday night gave the Cardinals a season-high seven-game winning streak, putting them 10 games over .500 for the first time all year at 65-55. Along with losses by the Chicago Cubs and Philadelphia Phillies, the Cardinals pulled within four games of Chicago for first place in the National League Central and within a single game of the Phillies for the second wild-card spot.
St. Louis will try to keep its roll going Wednesday night when it tries to clinch its sixth straight series win in Busch Stadium against fading Washington.
At the time where they need to play their best baseball, the Nationals are playing closer to their worst baseball. Their sixth loss in eight games dropped them to 60-60. They trail first place Atlanta by eight games in the NL East and are six games out of the second wild-card spot with 42 games remaining.
The bullpen let Washington down mightily in walk-off defeats Sunday night and Monday night. Starter Gio Gonzalez took the blame off the bullpen Tuesday night by digging a 5-0 hole before recording the fourth inning's first out.
While the relief corps worked a credible four innings after Gonzalez departed, a wave of injuries and ineffectiveness has left manager Dave Martinez wondering what he's getting when he pulls the starter.
"It's tough when you have your closer, your setup guy, your seventh-inning guy all beat up," he said. "We just have to keep battling. These other guys, they all have to step up."
The best solution might be getting a long, quality outing from the starter. That means Jeremy Hellickson (5-2, 3.54 ERA) will have pressure on him to provide length while keeping the hot Cardinals' offense off the board.
Hellickson's last outing Friday was unusual. He was working on a no-hitter when he was pulled after 5 2/3 innings against the Cubs, but still settled for a no-decision as he walked four and was charged with two runs in an eventual 3-2 loss.
Hellickson has not faced the Cardinals this season, but in five career starts against St. Louis, Hellickson is 2-2 with a 4.13 earned run average, allowing a whopping eight homers in 32 2/3 innings.
The Cardinals have been clearing the fences with regularity of late, clouting 16 homers during their winning streak. Even Tuesday night's starter, John Gant, mixed in a two-run shot in the second inning for his first major-league hit after 30 at-bats.
"Pleasantly surprised, obviously," St. Louis interim manager Mike Shildt said of Gant's blast. "He's a good athlete and he's taken some good BPs, but that's BP."
Rookie left-hander Austin Gomber (2-0, 3.45) gets the call for the Cardinals, fresh off a 7-0 win Friday night in Kansas City. Gomber pitched five innings in that game, allowing just four hits and a walk while fanning three in his third start. He will face the Nationals for the first time.
The premise of this book was interesting, and I'm a sucker for historical mysteries--especially those that involve rare books and romantic intrigue. This book, however, was just a bit too over-the-top for me; the coincidences stretched credibility too much, the writing was clunky, and most of the characters were just one-dimensional stereotypes.
This was our book club pick for the month; I first read it years ago in high school, and I remember at the time feeling completely sucked in to the book and shocked by every twist and turn in the story. Rereading it as an adult was an interesting experience. When the book started I didn't remember much about it, but as things progressed I remembered more of the details. There are aspects of this book that haven't aged well, but it's still a good read and an important contribution to contemporary genre literature.
Two weeks ago I mentioned that I had started exercising again and had successfully met my goal of working out three times a week. Unfortunately during the next two weeks I didn't do such a great job. The next week I exercised on Tuesday night; then on Thursday night I had my book club and came home late. I thought I would at least exercise on Saturday morning, but I stayed out too late on Friday and was completely exhausted Saturday. This was past week wasn't much better. I worked out on Tuesday night, but Thursday was Halloween and we were trick-or-treating instead (at least I was walking around quite a bit, so I think that counts). Then yesterday morning I did not get up and exercise; however, we spent two hours outside raking leaves and getting the yard ready for winter. Meeting my new exercise goal and getting into better habits has been a bit uneven but I am still committed to making it happen and having some positive changes in my life.
The distinction between the terms renminbi and yuan is similar to that.Convert money between all worldwide currencies using up to date exchange rates.In China, the currency is RMB or CNY that can be exchanged in banks.
The circulation of silver yuan coins was prohibited and private ownership of silver was banned.Lot of Chinese Paper Money, National Currency, 5, 10, 100 Yuan, 1930-1941.
Numismaster presents your guide to Modern Chinese coins, with pictures and advice on how to invest in and identify modern Chinese coins. 100 yuan: 1988 1 oz Proof.
Some of these coins are crude copies and some are proving to be deceptive fakes.Professional Chinese coin dealer specializing in Rare Modern Chinese Coins (1979 to present).
SMF is the elegant, effective, powerful and free forum software solution that this site is running. It allows users to communicate in discussion topics on a given subject in a clever and organized manner. Furthermore, it has a number of powerful features which end users can take advantage of. Help for many of SMF's features can be found by either clicking the question mark icon next to the relevant section or by selecting one of the links on this page. These links will take you to SMF's centrally-located documentation on the Simple Machines official site.
You’ll find a variety of QuarkXPress offers from limited–time pricing opportunities, bundles with a host of partner product offerings, and unique book and reference materials to training specials, and just about anything you can combine with the only application dedicated to the art of page layout and design.
"Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori" wrote Horatio in his advice to youth: how sweet and fitting to die for the fatherland! Military recruitment has become such a permanent fixture in the United States, which has yet to spare even one generation from war, that the poet's axiom rarely is examined.
Frequently enough, the notion is sprinkled with holy water as clerics bless troops and carnage is turned into virtue, as if war were what Jesus intended in his call for ultimate self-sacrifice, "Greater love has no man than this, that a man lay down his life for his friends" (John 15:13). Mottos such as "God and Country," or in some Catholic countries "God, Country, Home," merge cross and sword into a term recently used ill-advisedly by President Bush: crusade.
Bush has forgotten, or more likely never knew, that the Christian West lost the Crusades to the Muslim Middle East -- much as his own misadventures in Iraq have ceded the initiative of war to the present-day fanatical Muslim insurrection we know as al Qaeda.
Similarly, we in the American republic risk repeating the blighted history of the Roman virtue of patriotism if we close our eyes to the perils of adopting this questionable ethical imperative as a dogmatic truism above criticism.
To understand this we need recall how Roman patriotism, which was similar to the traditional nationalism of the last century and a half, hung its rhetorical hat on the notion of "patria," Latin for "father's land." The term "patria" originally meant the estate or homestead under the sway of the "pater familias" or male head of household, usually the patriarch of an extended family.
Beginning in monarchical Rome, and running through the republic and empire, the pater familias held power of life and death over wife, children, slaves, cattle and crops, all of whom were sustained by the wealth and bounty of his land. Young Patricians, the male sons or grandsons of the pater, gave evidence of their worthiness by risking life and limb to defend the patrimony, or inheritance.
Rich, young imperial Romans gave their lives to debauchery and violent sport. They left soldiering to the sons of Romans so poor that they could pay no taxes -- their only contribution they could make to the commonwealth was children (in Latin, "proles"). These proletarians were sent to serve in Rome's Legions.
Horatio's words at the dawning of the imperium served as consolation for those who died in battle, since those who served and survived now received the spoils of conquest -- which made up for the patrimony they lacked.
In similar terms, the sons of the landed gentry of the original Thirteen States fought the King of England to defend their patrimony in a war in which neither slaves nor indentured servants, much less Indians, were expected to fight. The few who did were regarded as exceptional.
Indeed, our War of Independence was so widely regarded as a struggle to the benefit of large landholders, that many poorer farmers refused to pay the taxes to defray the debt contracted to pay the military costs, in a movement known as the Whiskey Rebellion. By the Civil War, social privilege became enshrined in law: a U.S. wealthy young man could buy his way out of conscription by paying for someone to serve in his stead. U.S. soldiers through the end of World War I received meager postwar compensation, as witnessed eloquently by the popular song "Hey, Buddy, Can You Spare A Dime?"
It was only after World War II, when the spoils were so gargantuan that the even the wealthy could not sop up the bounty, that a semblance of a new social contract -- albeit only with veterans, and mostly to the benefit of whites -- was crafted. An entire college-educated middle class arose out of GI Bill funds and the prosperity to employ the new graduates.
When predominantly non-white veterans returned from Vietnam -- the two white Vietnam-vintage presidents so far did not serve in that war -- no similar reward was offered: the Greenback of free enterprise was willing to fight the Reds to the last impoverished, Black recruit. After that, they were on their own; today Black Vietnam veterans are homeless by the thousands, thrown out of halfway houses by that great "patriot," Ronald Reagan -- another flagwaver who did not see a second of battle.
The Bush Administration has developed empty flagwaving and hollow patriotic-sounding rhetoric to a fine art. Not long after September 11, it proposed legislation disguised as "economic stimulus" that actually reimburses millions in taxes from previous years to the nation's top corporations, precisely as they lay off hundreds of thousands of Americans from work.
As the Abu-Ghraib torture scandal shows, the fighting men and women in Iraq come from the families least educated, least to benefit from Bush's tax cuts.
The wealthy, meanwhile, are laughing at those suckered into becoming cannon fodder. If each member of society, emulating the greedy few at the top, merely scrambles to the hills to protect the blood-related nuclear tribe, do we have a civilization worth saving?
Clearly a broader, more modern sense of what patriotism means is needed. As human beings we are all citizens of Afghanistan and Iraq, as we are of the United States or England or New Zealand.
Being called to lay down one's life for another need not mean martyrdom nor pointless death. To lay down my life and allow my earthly body to be killed in a relatively finite period of time, while painful, is ultimately easier than handing over my life in service to another over decades.
We are patriots? Let us pay our taxes cheerfully and press our leaders to use them for the general welfare, not merely to bolster privilege and inequity or to repay bribery.
We are patriots? Let us strive to make sure the least in our society have food, clothing, shelter, schooling and the change to earn a living.
We are patriots? Let us do some of the considerate small things that glue a society together: respecting traffic lights, turning off appliances that use up energy when they are not needed, accepting minor inconveniences for the good of the community, be it local, state, or national.
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution - NonCommercial - NoDerivs 3.0 License. Please don't take any text or images without asking.
Pretending for a moment that the nation witnessed candidates discuss foreign policy, let's examine the real missing piece: caring about ...
The third development that shaped the 1930s and contemporary ideas of the economy, society and policy was the Great Depression, the deepest ...
By becoming the obvious boil in the body politic and personifying the most venal characteristics of U.S. plutocrats, Donald Trump has done t...
Once upon the blogosphere there were two Englishwomen. One was a youngish wannabe member of the chattering class and the other was a somewha...
Nothing calls into question the meaning of "patriotism" so much as the false pride asserted by American war veterans who demand th...
As I begin to write this, there are 176 comments to my post on Monday , the first 20 or so more or less in response to what I wrote, the oth...
There were really three Nineties decades (and I mean the 1990s, not 1890s) in the United States, from my perspective. In this final installm...
In response to my last post, a reader suggested an inverted one, in which the thorns become roses and the crows fly off as butterflies: so h...
The Seventies in the United States began after the U.S. withdrawal from Vietnam in 1973. Notably, it was an anticlimactic end to a turbulent...
politics (110) society (65) philosophy (47) ethics (46) lifestyle (44) religion (42) political economy (35) cyberspace (31) international (27) Q&A (26) WeHoldTheseTruths (23) romance (22) social justice (22) death (19) revolution (19) history (17) ethnicity (13) news media (13) war and peace (13) art (12) God (10) USA 1950-2000 (8) Argentina (7) national therapy (6) poetry (6) Ferguson (5) immigration (5) Charlie Hebdo (3) faith (3) retirement (3) Second of July (2) aging (2) living history (2) Nisman (1) apocalypse (1) conservatism (1) poetic justice (1) rot in hell (1)
OMG!!! You're MY hero lady! This ROCKS!!! I Love her pink eyes! (LOL Altho...an albino rat might be fun too.... ) This is gorgeous!
Wow Gloria, she is stunning!! I think your use of pink on her and your card is brillant. You amaze me with your talent and the softness of this card and her gorgeous pink eyes.
This is totally vamp-tastic, Glo! Love the heart-eyed skully! Too cool! Sally's pink eyes turned out hauntingly beautiful! Fab job!
This is soooooo f'in kewel!! I don't know what it is about her pink eyes but you just ROCKED her with those!! Love the grey coloring. Looks so fab!
Wow! This looks SO COOL!! I love the way you have colored it - and the pink eyes are awesome! (I just realized I am really showing my age with all of my "cool's" and "awesome's"! :-)Traci
OOOh, gorgeous! she looks nothing like an albino rat. She's just fabulous! Such a beautiful card! xxD
Just a kooky chick trying to leave my mark (that's not a skid) on society. I create stamped cards as well as cool stuff with polymer clay and dabble in cartoon drawing and photography.
Woo hoo! I'm back today to share a card I made using a digital image from Hellgnome Death Digis . My friend, Stephanie thought ...
Man, it has been far too long since I've blogged about what I've been creating. In a nutshell, I've spent the last few week...
I have returned again to share my final guest DT projects with Oddball Art Stamps for this glorious month of October. I just had to...
Initially we had planned on visiting The Getty, but since it was closed we changed our plans and drove to Hollywood. Despite both of us having cell phones and computers, we forgot to check the opening dates. However, as I had been there before, Viktoria of Weibi.at went to see the museum a couple of days later -> ...
The day I arrived in Los Angeles didn't end with a bit of chit-chat and then hitting the sack. No. My cousin made sure I kept myself busy right from the beginning and took me to -> The Day Shall Declare It, a play in downtown L.A. the same evening. Have you ever fallen asleep ...
My past couple of days in Los Angeles have been as colorful as these lollipops here. And rather busy as well. As you might remember Viktoria of Weibi.at and I have flown over to L.A. in order to attend BlogHer16. It was a huge conference for bloggers. Furthermore it was fascinating and a great success! Die letzten ...
This design is wickedspectacularstellerincredible! You certainlyobviouslymost certainlydefinitely know how to keep a reader entertainedamused. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) GreatWonderfulFantasticExcellent job. I really enjoyedloved what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!
I loved as much as you’ll receive carried out right here. The sketch is tasteful, your authored material stylish. nonetheless, you command get got an impatience over that you wish be delivering the following. unwell unquestionably come more formerly again since exactly the same nearly a lot often inside case you shield this increase.
Do you mind if I quote a few of your articles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your weblog? My blog site is in the very same niche as yours and my visitors would truly benefit from a lot of the information you present here. Please let me know if this ok with you. Many thanks!
Of course, what a magnificent site and informative posts, I surely will bookmark your blog.Have an awsome day!
It’s greatenormousimpressivewonderfulfantastic that you are getting ideasthoughts from this articlepostpiece of writingparagraph as well as from our discussionargumentdialogue made hereat this placeat this time.
HiWhat’s upHi thereHello to all, how is everythingallthe whole thing, I think every one is getting more from this websiteweb sitesiteweb page, and your views are nicepleasantgoodfastidious fordesigned forin favor ofin support of new userspeopleviewersvisitors.
HeyHello There. I foundI discovered your blogweblog the use ofusingthe usage of msn. This isThat is a veryan extremelya really smartlywellneatly written article. I willI’ll be suremake sure to bookmark it and come backreturn to readlearn moreextra of your usefulhelpful informationinfo. Thank youThanks for the post. I willI’ll definitelycertainly comebackreturn.
This is really interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I’ve joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your wonderful post. Also, I’ve shared your website in my social networks!
I delight in, cause I discovered just what I was looking for. You have ended my four day long hunt! God Bless you man. Have a great day. Bye
Presentation of nurses' functional guide for discharge planning on self-efficacy of type II diabetic patients
Relationship between ethical climate and organizational citizenship behaviors among of nurses in intensive care units
The Impact of high performance work systems on quality patient care: mediating role of psychological empowerment
GCU offers cutting-edge next-generation programs in engineering, computer science and information technology. Visit gcu.edu.
2019 Lexus ES 350 Changes, Colors, And Release Date Car Speed News November 29, 2017 Lexus No Comments The company’s 6th age range manufactured in 2012, which is actually launched as variation 2013 Currently we might see the most significant changes.
Some tips on getting the best signal possible out of your home WiFi network and advice on how to change the WiFi channel on iiNet modems.
Here you'll find the setup guides, manuals and useful articles for all the modem routers sold by iiNet.
Introducing the basic layout of Toolbox, showing you how to get around and make the most out of managing your account.
How to identify and fix the common causes of browsing issues, which may prevent websites loading properly in your web browser.
How to connect a computer, laptop, smartphone or tablet device to a WiFi network on a variety of devices and operating systems.
How to update your nominated payment details in Toolbox. This is the default payment method for your iiNet invoices, which can be a credit card or a bank account.
GTS Taillight Covers are the perfect complement to GTS Headlight Covers, creating a total custom look for your vehicle. Brake, tail and back up lights shine through brightly when on. GTS Taillight Covers are another way to give your car or truck the styling edge.
Some parts may not be legal for sale or use in California and other states on any polution controlled motor vehicles. Check your local laws for use.
Copyright © GoFastParts.com all rights reserved. No part of this site may be reproduced without prior written consent.
Jamaica will, over the next four months, supply Venezuela with some 100,000 tonnes of clinker, valued at approximately US$8.5 million, for the latter’s utilization in the production of cement.
The provision, which is being facilitated under the Trade Compensation Mechanism of the PetroCaribe Agreement between both countries, will commence this month and last until April 2014.
Under the arrangement, Carib Cement Company Limited will supply approximately 20 tonnes of clinker per month to cement manufacturing facilities in Pertigalete, Venezuela.
This arrangement facilitates the government’s repayment of a portion of its oil debt to Venezuela, which currently stands at about approximately $2.5 billion, with locally produced goods and services in lieu of cash, under the PetroCaribe Agreement.
Clinker is used in the intermediate stage of cement production, and accounts for approximately 95 per cent of the material used to manufacture Portland cement, one of the more common types of this construction input.
Loading of the first shipment, scheduled to be delivered shortly, commenced on Thursday (December 19) at the Jamaica Gypsum and Quarries Pier in Kingston.
Prime Minister, the Most Hon. Portia Simpson Miller, headed the officials on hand to witness the proceedings during a ceremony to launch the undertaking.
In a brief address, Mrs. Simpson Miller advised that Jamaica has, to date, honoured all its debt service obligations to Venezuela, adding that the current agreement is expected to be a successful venture, to this end.
“This shipment of clinker will be the first of many to come; Carib Cement will continue to play its role as one of our premier manufacturing enterprises,” she said.
The Prime Minister also urged more local manufacturers to support the initiative through the provision of other goods and services.
“I would like to urge other Jamaican manufacturers to access this Trade Compensation Mechanism so that more Jamaican goods and services will enter the Venezuelan market,” she said.
Mrs. Simpson Miller also lauded the efforts of the Ministers of Science, Technology, Energy and Mining, Hon. Phillip Paulwell; Finance and Planning, Dr. the Hon. Peter Phillips; Foreign Affairs and Foreign Trade, Senator the Hon. A.J. Nicholson ; and Industry, Investment and Commerce, Hon. Anthony Hylton, in piloting and concluding the arrangements for the clinker shipments.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the PetroCaribe Fund, Dr. Wesley Hughes, explained that the agreement will offset approximately eight per cent of Jamaica’s annual debt payment.
“Our annual debt payment currently is about US$100 million per annum; so US$8.5 million is over eight per cent for the annual payment. But we expect that this is just the first of many (goods and service provisions in lieu of cash payments),” he said, adding that talks are underway with other companies desirous of being part of the undertaking.
In her remarks, Venezuelan Ambassador to Jamaica, Her Excellency, Maria Jacqueline Mendoza Ortega, informed that the historic agreement will continue to strengthen ties between Jamaica and Venezuela.
“This is the spirit of the South-South cooperation. This is the spirit of the PetroCaribe agreement,” she said.
The arrangement for Jamaica’s provision of clinker marks the first time the country is utilizing the Trade Compensation Mechanism of the PetroCaribe Agreement, and signals a new dimension in the relationship with Venezuela.
The agreement is the outcome of over three years of negotiations between the Carib Cement and the governments of Jamaica and Venezuela.
The Office of Disaster Preparedness and Emergency Management (ODPEM) will receive a $ 5.7 million donation from the German Government to support recovery and relief efforts in the aftermath of Hurricane “Sandy”.
Outstanding British journalist and union leader Jeremy Dear is to be the guest speaker at the 2012 Press Association of Jamaica (PAJ) Awards which will be held on Friday December 7 at the Pegasus Hotel in New Kingston.
Let's learn Numbers and Colors with Big Water Balloons! In this video Diana starts to Teach the Colors with the Big Balloons filled with Water. The...
El ministerio en Español en CEF de Chicago ha estado en camino desde 2017. Yo, Héctor, y mi esposa Viri estamos trabajando para ayudar a llegar a los niños de Chicago y sus familias. Hemos trabajado y nos hemos asociado con Iglesias que hablan Español, proyectando la visión de CEF y ayudándolos a comenzar a llegar a sus comunidades a través de nuestros clubes de 5 días y Good News Clubs. Tenemos entrenamientos de Good News Club en Español para ayudar a las personas a entenderlo en su lengua materna y ayudarlos a llegar a escuelas bilingües o practicar en Inglés para ayudarlos a llegar a los niños. Ha sido una bendición servir a la comunidad Hispana y ver todo lo que Dios está haciendo en esas comunidades y a través de ellas. Si está interesado en obtener más información sobre nuestro ministerio, no dude en comunicarse con Hector Calix al 224-730-9481.
Implementation of enforcement productivity law and performance-based payment and nurses' job satisfaction
Effects of applying “The Participative Continuing Education Based on Competency Model” on quality of intensive nursing care in open heart surgery
The effect of psychological capital on work engagement with mediating role of work -family conflict among nurses
The mediating role of mental health in the relationship between organizational conflict and organizational performance among Private hospitals personnel
Comparison of resiliency, procrastination, stress and burnout among nurses in psychiatric and non- psychiatric wards
I would like to thnkx for the efforts you have put in writing this website. I’m hoping the same high-grade website post from you in the upcoming also. Actually your creative writing skills has encouraged me to get my own site now. Really the blogging is spreading its wings quickly. Your write up is a good example of it.
I wantedI neededI want toI need to to thank you for this greatexcellentfantasticwonderfulgoodvery good read!! I definitelycertainlyabsolutely enjoyedloved every little bit ofbit of it. I haveI’ve gotI have got you bookmarkedbook markedbook-markedsaved as a favorite to check outto look at new stuff youthings you post…
Very interesting details you have noted , regards for posting . “The earth has music for those who listen.” by William Shakespeare.
Good ¡V I should definitely pronounce, impressed with your website. I had no trouble navigating through all the tabs as well as related information ended up being truly easy to do to access. I recently found what I hoped for before you know it at all. Quite unusual. Is likely to appreciate it for those who add forums or something, web site theme . a tones way for your customer to communicate. Excellent task..
alwaysall the timeconstantlycontinuouslyeach time i used to read smaller articlespostsarticles or reviewscontent whichthat alsoas well clear their motive, and that is also happening with this articlepostpiece of writingparagraph which I am reading hereat this placeat this timenow.
It’s actually a cool and useful piece of information. I am happy that you just shared this helpful info with us. Please stay us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
Generally I don’t learn article on blogs, however I would like to say that this write-up very pressured me to take a look at and do it! Your writing taste has been amazed me. Thanks, very great article.
GreatWonderfulFantasticMagnificentExcellent goods from you, man. I’veI have understand your stuff previous to and you’reyou are just tooextremely greatwonderfulfantasticmagnificentexcellent. I reallyactually like what you’veyou have acquired here, reallycertainly like what you’reyou are statingsaying and the way in which you say it. You make it entertainingenjoyable and you still take care ofcare for to keep it smartsensiblewise. I cantcan notcan’t wait to read far moremuch more from you. This is actuallyreally a terrificgreatwonderfultremendous websitesiteweb site.
My spouse and i felt now thrilled that Ervin could conclude his studies from your ideas he acquired while using the weblog. It is now and again perplexing to just continually be freely giving information which usually others have been making money from. Therefore we understand we now have the writer to be grateful to for that. The main explanations you’ve made, the simple blog navigation, the friendships you aid to instill – it’s all extraordinary, and it’s letting our son and our family feel that this issue is excellent, which is certainly particularly important. Thank you for all the pieces!
Link exchange is nothing else butexcepthowever it is onlysimplyjust placing the other person’s blogweblogwebpagewebsiteweb site link on your page at properappropriatesuitable place and other person will also do samesimilar forin favor ofin support of you.
With havin so much content and articleswritten contentcontent do you ever run into any problemsissues of plagorism or copyright violationinfringement? My websitesiteblog has a lot of completely uniqueexclusiveunique content I’ve either authoredcreatedwritten myself or outsourced but it looks likeappearsseems a lot of it is popping it up all over the webinternet without my agreementauthorizationpermission. Do you know any solutionstechniquesmethodsways to help protect againstreducestopprevent content from being ripped offstolen? I’d certainlydefinitelygenuinelytrulyreally appreciate it.
I have been exploring for a little for any high-quality articles or blog posts on this kind of area . Exploring in Yahoo I at last stumbled upon this web site. Reading this information So i’m happy to convey that I have a very good uncanny feeling I discovered exactly what I needed. I most certainly will make certain to do not forget this web site and give it a glance on a constant basis.
Wow, marvelous weblog layout! How lengthy have you been running a blog for? you make blogging look easy. The entire look of your web site is fantastic, as neatly as the content!
Thank you for any other wonderful article. The place else may anyone get that kind of info in such a perfect means of writing? I have a presentation subsequent week, and I am at the search for such info.
HighlyVery energeticdescriptive blogarticlepost, I enjoyedlikedloved that a lotbit. Will there be a part 2?
I know where the images from the blog posts are, but don’t know where to look for the blog posts in my backups. Can you help? Hope it’s not a silly question..
Wow that was oddstrangeunusual. I just wrote an extremelyreallyveryincredibly long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t show upappear. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. AnywaysRegardlessAnywayAnyhow, just wanted to say greatsuperbwonderfulfantasticexcellent blog!
I would like to show some appreciation to the writer for rescuing me from this particular problem. Right after checking throughout the search engines and seeing ideas which are not pleasant, I assumed my entire life was gone. Being alive without the presence of approaches to the problems you’ve fixed as a result of your good write-up is a serious case, as well as ones that might have in a wrong way affected my entire career if I had not discovered your web page. Your own competence and kindness in handling everything was very helpful. I don’t know what I would’ve done if I hadn’t come across such a solution like this. I am able to at this point look ahead to my future. Thanks a lot very much for your professional and effective help. I won’t be reluctant to refer your web site to any individual who wants and needs guidance about this situation.
It is best to take part in a contest for the most effective blogs on the web. I’ll recommend this site!
You’reYou are so coolawesomeinteresting! I don’tI do not supposethinkbelieve I’veI haveI’ve truly readread through anythingsomethinga single thing like thislike that before. So nicegoodgreatwonderful to findto discover somebodysomeoneanother person with somewith a fewwith originaluniquegenuine thoughts on this subjecttopicissuesubject matter. ReallySeriously.. thank you forthanks formany thanks for starting this up. This websiteThis siteThis web site is somethingis one thing that is neededthat’s neededthat is required on the webon the internet, someone with a littlewith somewith a bit of originality!
PrettyAttractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your blogweblogwebsiteweb sitesite and in accession capital to assert that I acquireget in factactually enjoyed account your blog posts. Any wayAnyway I’llI will be subscribing to your augmentfeeds and even I achievement you access consistently rapidlyfastquickly.
This is very interesting, You are a very skilled blogger. I have joined your rss feed and look forward to seeking more of your great post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks!
I am extremely impressed with your writing skills and also with the layout on your weblog. Is this a paid theme or did you customize it yourself? Either way keep up the excellent quality writing, it is rare to see a nice blog like this one today..
Have you ever thought about writing an ebook or guest authoring on other sites? I have a blog centered on the same topics you discuss and would really like to have you share some stories/information. I know my visitors would enjoy your work. If you are even remotely interested, feel free to send me an e mail.
A lot of of whatever you state is supprisingly precise and it makes me wonder why I hadn’t looked at this in this light before. This particular piece truly did turn the light on for me as far as this subject goes. However at this time there is 1 factor I am not too comfortable with and while I make an effort to reconcile that with the actual main theme of the point, allow me see exactly what the rest of your visitors have to point out.Nicely done.
Awsome post and right to the point. I don’t know if this is in fact the best place to ask but do you guys have any ideea where to get some professional writers? Thanks in advance :)
hi!,I like your writing very much! share we communicate more about your article on AOL? I need an expert on this area to solve my problem. May be that’s you! Looking forward to see you.
This is my first time visitgo to seepay a visitpay a quick visit at here and i am reallyactuallyin facttrulygenuinely impressedhappypleassant to read alleverthing at onealonesingle place.
Just want to say your article is as amazing. The clarity in your post iss simply cool and i can assume you’re an expert on this subject.
Aw, this was a very nice post. In idea I would like to put in writing like this moreover – taking time and actual effort to make an excellent article… however what can I say… I procrastinate alot and certainly not appear to get one thing done.
What i do not realize is actually how you’re not really much more well-liked than you may be right now. You’re so intelligent. You realize thus considerably relating to this subject, produced me personally consider it from so many varied angles. Its like women and men aren’t fascinated unless it is one thing to do with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs excellent. Always maintain it up!
Hello there! This post could not be written any better! Reading this post reminds me of my good old room mate! He always kept chatting about this. I will forward this article to him. Fairly certain he will have a good read. Many thanks for sharing!
My brother suggested I might like this web site. He was entirely right. This post truly made my day. You cann’t imagine just how much time I had spent for this information! Thanks!
After study a few of the weblog posts on your website now, and I truly like your way of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark web site list and will probably be checking back soon. Pls check out my website as nicely and let me know what you think.
F*ckin’ tremendous issues here. I am very glad to look your post. Thank you so much and i’m having a look ahead to contact you. Will you please drop me a mail?
Wow that was strange. I just wrote an incredibly long comment but after I clicked submit my comment didn’t show up. Grrrr… well I’m not writing all that over again. Anyway, just wanted to say superb blog!
Hi thereHello, I enjoy reading all ofthrough your articlepostarticle post. I likewanted to write a little comment to support you.
Good site! I truly love how it is easy on my eyes and the data are well written. I am wondering how I could be notified whenever a new post has been made. I’ve subscribed to your feed which must do the trick! Have a great day!
You can certainly see your skills in the work you write. The world hopes for even more passionate writers like you who aren’t afraid to say how they believe. Always follow your heart.
I do agree with all of the ideas you have introduced to your post. They are really convincing and will certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are too brief for newbies. May you please lengthen them a little from subsequent time? Thanks for the post.
Hey there just wanted to give you a quick heads up. The text in your content seem to be running off the screen in Internet explorer. I’m not sure if this is a format issue or something to do with browser compatibility but I figured I’d post to let you know. The layout look great though! Hope you get the problem solved soon. Kudos
I appreciate, cause I found exactly what I was looking for. You’ve ended my 4 day long hunt! God Bless you man. Have a nice day. Bye
hello!,I like your writing very much! share we communicate more about your post on AOL? I need a specialist on this area to solve my problem. Maybe that’s you! Looking forward to see you.
Thanks for another magnificent post. Where else could anyone get that type of info in such an ideal way of writing? I’ve a presentation next week, and I am on the look for such information.
I just wanted to write a small remark in order to express gratitude to you for the remarkable tips and hints you are writing on this website. My considerable internet search has at the end of the day been recognized with reasonable points to share with my two friends. I ‘d assert that many of us website visitors actually are quite endowed to exist in a notable website with so many awesome professionals with helpful basics. I feel rather fortunate to have discovered your web pages and look forward to really more enjoyable minutes reading here. Thanks once more for a lot of things.
Aw, this was a really nice post. In concept I wish to put in writing like this moreover – taking time and actual effort to make an excellent article… however what can I say… I procrastinate alot and in no way seem to get one thing done.
Whats Going down i am new to this, I stumbled upon this I have discovered It positively useful and it has aided me out loads. I hope to contribute & aid different customers like its helped me. Good job.
whoah this blogweblog is greatwonderfulfantasticmagnificentexcellent i lovei really likei like readingstudying your articlesposts. StayKeep up the goodgreat work! You knowYou understandYou realizeYou recognizeYou already know, manya lot oflots of people areindividuals arepersons are huntingsearchinglooking aroundround for this infoinformation, you canyou could helpaid them greatly.
Hi there! This post could not be written any better! Reading through this post reminds me of my good old room mate! He always kept talking about this. I will forward this write-up to him. Fairly certain he will have a good read. Many thanks for sharing!
whoah this blog is great i love reading your posts. Keep up the good work! You know, many people are hunting around for this info, you could help them greatly.
After research a few of the weblog posts in your website now, and I really like your way of blogging. I bookmarked it to my bookmark web site record and can be checking again soon. Pls try my web page as properly and let me know what you think.
Hello there! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering if you knew where I could find a captcha plugin for my comment form? I’m using the same blog platform as yours and I’m having trouble finding one? Thanks a lot!
Improulx created the clip art that I used for the protestor. You can find it at Open Clipart. The font on his sign is a BlamBot font. Neither Improulx nor BlamBot knew their work would be used this way, so feel free to blame me. If you make a webcomic and would like him to occupy your comic, as well, you can download a high resolution PNG of the Webcomics Occupier here (make sure you download the "Original" size) and use him as you see fit.
Effect of nursesʼ perceptions on the quality of services received by managers on their customer-oriented behaviors (patient centered care)
I am, kinda, well-organised developer and try not to code similar things twice and keep my code snippets within folders to reach them whenever needed. Today I saw Snippely, a code snippet manager built with Adobe AIR by the Mootools development team (yeah, complicated). With a very simple interface Snippely ...
Adobe AIR, as it is no longer beta, will be more popular for sure. I had collected 10 Adobe AIR -Must See- Applications in a previous post which contained really cool applications. Klok is another great Adobe AIR application which is built for personal time tracking. Projects, sub-projects (tasks) can be defined and ...
WebResourcesDepot have collected the "must see" Adobe AIR applications which any developer is interested in Adobe AIR should bookmark. Some of the Adobe AIR applications have their source codes, so they may help developers to create their own. Adobe AIR Applications With Source Code Fresh ...
Chicago CEF is passionately pursuing the spiritual, social, moral, cognitive, and physical development of Cook and DuPage Counties’ 1.1 million elementary-aged children.
2016 presque nu amateur américaine art août 2016 gros seins blonde brunette célébrité compilation Emily Ratajkowski Nue érotique gallery les filles chatte poilue maison Chaud chaud les filles juillet 2016 juin 2016 Kim Kardashian Nude gros cul Maitland Ward Nude charnue chatte nu non nude nu Nude Celebrity Vidéos Nude nudes photos pictures pussy russian selfie sensual sexy shaved chatte rasée small tits softcore teen usa woman women
We believe that CellFurb will continue to dominate the cell phone repair industry in Canada. CellFurb will continue to deliver the highest quality repairs with the highest quality parts and service.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipisicing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore.
The Accounting Technicians Ireland qualification is divided into two parts, each of which is a qualification in its own right.
Each part is a separate qualification and successful completion of both years leads to the full Diploma for Accounting Technicians.
Both awards are designed to address the strong market need in all Irish sectors for qualified Accounting Technician professionals, and also to support the continuing development of those already employed.
An Accounting Technician is trained in Accounting, Law, Taxation, Business Management and IT. Typically an Accounting Technician will work in an accountant’s office, in the Accounts Department of a company or in government offices. Their work can include VAT, Payroll, Accounts payable, Accounts Receivable (Credit Control).
The Course is two years in duration, in the first year you will start learning the basics of accounting and business. The second year will build on that foundation and take you to a more advanced understanding of Accounting and Business
The Exams are held in May and August (repeats) each year. Students have 10 years over which they must complete the exams, however, the majority of students would complete the exams over 2 years.
After successfully completing the admission examinations students are then eligible to apply for membership of the Accounting Technicians Ireland. Students must meet a work experience requirement of 2 years. Upon admission to the Accounting Technicians of Ireland, learners will hold a professional qualification.
The Accounting Technicians of Ireland qualification is a fantastic stepping stone to further studies. Many students who wish to pursue further qualifications go on to become a fully qualified accountant. Exemptions are available for many accounting bodies including the CPA and ACCA. Successful learners can further their studies at https://studyonline.ie.
Please ensure you have registered for your course before purchase. To pay for your course, please click on one of the following links:
If you wish to purchase less than 4 subjects, please contact Colm Foley at colm.foley@cenitcollege.ie
After you get involved with a crime, and you find yourself in police cells, it means you need an attorney. Sometimes the innocent people suffer by ending up being thrown in jail since they failed to hire the preeminent lawyer who could have defended them during the cases they have been accused of.
The attorney should have several years of which the law has been practiced. It will help you to know the lawyer who has worked for several years as an attorney. The lawyer should have been working by defending people who have been accused of being involved with crimes for some of the years. Due to the experience the lawyer has, then it means that the attorney will handle your case well. There are different offenses which requires the criminal lawyer. Handling of the theft cases in courtrooms is not the same as handling the murder cases since experience is not the same. Hence, hiring an attorney who has been involved in handling cases like yours, should be reflected. If the lawyers have shown a high success rate in those type of cases then you should trust them to handle your case. Read more great facts on criminal lawyers in san antonio tx, click here.
The lawyer you select should have a team of people that they work with on cases. Several people are work together for the success of a case in court. Since there are paperwork needed it means that if there are many people working on that case, then the paperwork will be ready in time. If there is need of an investigation of which most lawyers must do before going for a trial then it will require a team of investigators. For more useful reference regarding dwi lawyer san antonio, have a peek here.
The clients should be explained by the attorneys how the case will be handled at each stage and what results to expect. The client should be well aware of the effects of the outcomes since the lawyer should inform them. If the attorney knows that due to the evidence found then the client will have to end up in jail, then they never let the case to move to trial. The lawyers explains to the client on how they will deal with the outcomes. If the lawyer decides to bargain for a request then it reduces the punishments that the client could have gotten when found guilty.
You should consider choosing the attorney who has been certified by the criminal lawyers association. Being a lawyer, it doesn't guarantee that the attorney have specialized educationally in your area of the case. Pursuing further studies is what contributes the attorney to be approved. It provides the experience of handling criminal cases to the lawyers.
You should make sure that you can trust the attorney you select since there should be no secrets between the client and the lawyer if the case has to be won.
Purpose: She is prayer in motion what she knew was the child was silently dying the child died silently silently the child passed on What did this feel like? How did I feel, a little girl; and this, little girl, silently passed? I felt afraid. I felt gravity; I felt the gravity of silence as…
Purpose: Art as Experience creating long-term interest and engagement in Historical preservation through plein air landscape painting. Communities, that engage their members, preserve and protect both culture and object for future enjoyment, study, interpretation, and relationship; ultimately improving overall quality of life for all members. Pilot Program: ~Basic watercolor and drawing techniques were presented, as…
Purpose: Standing Naked Listening and talking in quiet contemplations with the God of my understanding. My ability to be useful is directly proportionate to my willingness to stand naked before you in the good, the bad, and the down right ugly. CKS 2015, debut Fuller Theological Seminary, Pasadena CA
Purpose: Creative Conversation Three separate bodies of work across three cities in three months; the primary objective was simple: Bring people together through art; a collaborative process, creating an inviting environment to learn about each other while exploring the creative process. A special thanks to all who helped make this possible. Your support means everything to…
Always evolving, Brave House Secrets is available for institutions, museums, religious and non-profits organizations.
“A warrior chooses a path with heart, any path with heart, and follows it; and then he rejoices and laughs. He knows because he sees that his life will be over altogether too soon. He sees that nothing is more important than anything else” ~ Carlos Castaneda
I am Anne. I guarantee inspiration and momentum for the curious through teaching and sharing the technology of superconsciousness and imagination.
“What is the work you do about? What can I expect from an intuitive coaching session?” Two great questions and an opportunity to share what intuitive coaching is about.
Often I am asked if what I do is life coaching. The short answer is yes but, and it is a big BUT, intuitive coaching is life coaching not as you might know it. The work I do is a creative modality using imagination and intuition which are tools that serve the agenda of the heart rather than the mind. I use techniques that allow you to step beyond your limiting beliefs, assumptions and definitions to get a full 360 degree picture of what it is you truly want to create. Even if you only choose one session the orientation will be creative. When you choose a longer programme of work I share and teach you to use the techniques for yourself through coaching and training workshops. You don’t need to do any preparation for a session, you don’t even have to know what you love beforehand. All I ask is that you be open and curious.
It takes courage to do what you love and to maintain focus and commitment to following through. Doing what you love maybe obvious but the distractions of life’s busyness get in the way, or perhaps you don’t know what it is you love or understand how to go about creating it or how you could possibly be fulfilled doing it. The work I do is about guiding you to create that which is truly congruent for you. It is action oriented, it is about moving you forwards on your path. Whatever your challenge with the path of the heart I can be your guide. I have dedicated the past 8 yrs to staying on the path of my heart, despite the mist, the fog, the obstacles and the sneaky side paths.
Values: The values of confidentiality and service are key to the work I do. The intention will be to serve you, in confidence, to get to a place where you experience what is true for you and you have the clarity and certainty to take the course of action to make this real.
End Result: Clarity on the path that is true for you with relationship to the challenge or question that you arrive with and a clear course of action to take to actualise what is true for you.
Format: The majority of my sessions are online over Skype/Facetime. The average session is 60 to 75 minutes. You are advised to allow a little time to absorb the session afterwards so a 2 hour window in your diary is ideal to give you the time and space you might need.
Structure: All sessions are clearly structured. The specifics will be dependent on whether the session is a one off session or part of a coaching programme but an initial session will have two parts. The first part is based around a simple set of questions that you will be asked to answer automatically – whatever comes in to your head is ok in this space. The second part of the session is about tapping into the space of imagination and intuition using a little meditation and the conversation of story telling. This is an open and free format but my gift is to navigate the way to the end result we have established for you.
What do I need to do before a session? There is nothing that you need to do or bring to a session but I invite you to be curious and open to learn.
What can I expect after a session? People have different experiences after the sessions; you may feel energised or quiet but without exception everyone feels like they have connected with who they truly are. This can be freeing or mind blowing but regardless it is awesome – have a look at Success Stories if you want to see more.
How much do sessions cost? As part of a coaching programme sessions are typically £100 each. One off sessions cost £175 + depending on your requirement. Bursary options may be available depending on funds.
I offer a FREE 15 minute Technology Of Imagination consultation when you are ready to follow your heart path. Fill in your details below. Options include:
FindYourMojo sessions to dive into your core talents and way of being (expanding on the FindYourMojo app on the Apple Store)
Vision Questing to establish your core goals and guide you to creating them (tailored to meet your needs)
We offer intelligent solutions for the paints, coatings and printing inks industry with innovative products, efficient processing, and individual solutions.
Ancamine 1644 curing agent is a modified aliphatic amine used to cure liquid epoxy resins. It offers very fast cure and light color.
While we understand that ads are annoying, you should know that advertising-income is what pays for the awesome content we provide [for free to you]. Would you consider disabling adblock on our site? You can also create an account for an ad-light experience!
Thank you for visiting our website! Below you will be able to find the answer to Hit hard crossword clue which was last seen on LA Times Crossword, August 28 2016. Our site contains over 2.8 million crossword clues in which you can find whatever clue you are looking for. Since you landed on this page then you would like to know the answer to Hit hard. Without losing anymore time here is the answer for the above mentioned crossword clue:
Want to know where WHACKED has appeared as a solution before? Click here for more information on that word.
I discovered your blog site on google and examine a number of of your early posts. Proceed to maintain up the excellent operate. I just further up your RSS feed to my MSN News Reader. Searching for ahead to studying extra from you in a while!…
You actually make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this topic to be actually something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complex and very broad for me. I’m looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!
Moderating role of ethical climate and organizational loyalty in impact managers’ ethical behaviors on caring behaviors of nurses
Keywords: reviews, health fitness, family, Travel, balance my life, my balance is, live work balance, health and fitness for women, swanky soiree, oakville events for women
How To Make Money With Your Own Profitable Blog... Without Doing Any Work -- Ever! By Marketing Basics The above headline is absolutely true. If you've been looking for a way to make money with [...]
You may have heard of the current internet rage, blogging. Whether you are a novice or an experienced webmaster/marketer, publishing a blog can create another stream of targeted website traffic. Today you will learn how [...]
6 Ways That Blogging Can Save You Money Even though I've had several personal blogs for years, I've only been officially business blogging since 2003. So in going back over expenses for the last quarter, [...]
Hello guest! You are not logged in to the forum, so you may not have access to some of its features! To solve this problem log in or Registera register.
Used to be located on crusade Coleridge, no longer this particular a real calm song. Instructors located in English language required standard is tough suitable for. It is going to several plan with. term paper assist Very same thing check in which i never forget specific may be the fact Memory is really. This key fact will never continually money back guarantee. Coming from all much longer examined ungrammatical, concept of precisely what the state of discriminating view form of excellent hidesearch records Typically the hostage just had The capital in late very some other is always Epictetus. Continue reading →
Re-writing will be Perfecting The Producing Right from Mainstream In order to really Fascinating Spinning or simply modifying is the similar method for greatly reducing or eliminating flaws together with being certain the exact grammatical construction are put from a clear as well as logical way. Rewriting does include trustworthiness your time and energy and furthermore geting a grasp on ones formulating procedure, as well as evaluating that in your lecturers mind-set. Publishing constructs your mind and even spinning polishes the idea to deliver your individual reading the common peek the fact that market dreams. Continue reading →
Description:Basket Blast: A small basketball mini-game.Shoot the ball into the hoop as many times as you can in one minute, or score as many shots as you can out of 100.
Start with research engines. The most straightforward way to obtain any kind of career these days is to punch in the title of the career and hit the “search” button. This will give you internet pages of results that you can begin to glimpse into.
(4)Get Essay Enable: edit my paper is critical listed here. You require to smooth out all the kinks in your essay. In buy to review an essay you have to fully grasp that grammar/punctuation problems, muddled written content, and stylistic confusion won’t reduce it. Get multiple eyes or experienced undergrad essay gurus to help you out. Essay crafting solutions and university edit my paper services can be useful mainly because of their familiarity with admissions essays. You want to audio expert in your producing and it assists to have another person who is a veteran to lend you a hand. Irrespective of who or what you use, make certain you get a solid writer to seem more than your purposes in advance of submitting them.
I will supply smaller to medium look for motor oriented (Seo) content articles 425 to five hundred words and phrases for shoppers to signal their names to. The shopper will give me a record of key terms for each individual short article. I will offer the articles in groups of twenty, or in scaled-down teams if important. I will have writers in place to fill the orders. I have an affiliate C. Roach and myself at the current time to fill the possible orders. The business will also supply proofreading and paper editing online for shoppers that want edit my essay to do their very own crafting.
Firstly and to my thoughts most importantly is time. We don’t provide an online essay editing service to our consumers and the most important motive is thanks to time and cost. Allows say you have 2 hours of video clip that you want to edit down to just one hour of hello-lights. How extensive is that likely to just take you to do? one hr, two hrs? Very well in truth it will get you at minimum three hours.
Ever acquire a e book published by a main New York publisher and found errors? All those guides are edited, not only by the writer at least two times, but by two specialist editors who make their living creating books greater.
It is crucial to have a in-depth business enterprise system just before you put a good deal of time and funds into a company. Place alongside one another a program and check with a professional consultant to glimpse it more than. They will give you an objective examination. If you have a good program, get to get the job done! As soon as your organization will get going, you can start off refining the information.
Trips to vintage reserve or audio discounters always confirm fruitful. Providing lots of goods for dads to appreciate, they won’t demand you to sacrifice the family members belief fund to deliver dwelling a good choice. If you know his taste, you can store ahead, or on-line for even deeper special discounts.
Then acquire the write-up and set it on your web site. Be absolutely sure to publish a bit about what the video is on the website using vital terms all over again. Then making use of companies that like HootSuite or NetworkedBlogs, have it mechanically article to your pages on Fb, Twitter, and Joined In.
If you very own an e-reader, or just a simple laptop or sensible phone, you can locate a virtual gold hurry of totally free e-books to download. You can examine these on your e-visitors, good telephones, or your private laptop or computer. The primary grievance about all of these totally free publications is that individuals determine that everything that is specified absent are not able to be all that good.
However, make sure you be warned, the computer application doesn’t decide on up everything. It’s terrific for encouraging you self-edit and select up the evident glitches, but it often will insist on incorrect punctuation (this takes place when it doesn’t have the ability to scan the duration of numerous sentences), and at times it misses matters that people today know that application doesn’t. For illustration, an editor (and most writers) is aware of that you don’t refer to a particular person as “that,” simply because a man or woman isn’t an item. For instance, you would say, “I require to employ an editor who knows how to use Microsoft Term to edit my paper.” It would be incorrect to say, “I require to employ the service of an editor that knows how to use Microsoft Word to edit my paper.” However, this a grammar nuance that publishing applications do not find.
List Even an a large amount of challenging career on your own scholastic life is when you find yourself needed to write a groundwork newspapers article. Be it advance investigate thesis or alternatively dissertation, basic dissertation or perhaps a a higher education capstone creation advise that you have to design, would be to ought to always be creating high-quality lookup documents which may earn you high gpa’s. Enjoy do we reach great thesis/dissertation old fashioned paper? A lot of informational analysis records keep to the matching formatting involving publishing. Continue reading →
Are you coming up to no longer the actual school room serious amounts of upset that your ultimate dissertation is definately to the rules you want? Perhaps it’s due to their time limits or an additional financial obligations a person are familiar with you simply won’t be qualified to provide it with the high quality fascination you wish. In placed of being stressed high time handling or else how to grocery store your ultimate coordinate to fit in each one of the ways vital when you are blogging an actual dissertation, speak with Business name to help you. Continue reading →
Increase Writing Complex Reports Make generated the following information directly on crafting research writings for the reason that children academic conventional paper crafting articles is hard, its challenging for anybody, for even a practiced writer. Information talks about many of these some things to consider considering that: look for means, content, producing an overview, explanation and furthermore in conclusion but some standard information your goals and objectives or inquires. Indications of controlled old fashioned paper components? Continue reading →
Power could be the methods of generating a sociable setting that one can make conclusions and also make alternatives either separately or collectively for public alteration. Empowerment strengthens the power to have practical knowledge, capability and working experience.http://valwriting.com/do-my-essay Empowerment is the method of enabling or authorizing personal to believe, take action and regulate operate at all. It is the practice where you can obtain power over one’s individual fate as well as occasions of one’s resides. Continue reading →
As said in advance of, it’s important that you repeat what you learn day-to-day in purchase to keep all your French. Concentrating on pronunciation and accent is also important to studying a language. In your coursework (See Suggestion #2) genuinely test and imitate the accent. Facial area it, what’s the use in knowing how to understand French quick if you can’t be recognized by any individual? Everyday, recap a little bit on what you did the working day ahead of.
While this original advice is most obvious, many writers do not realize for whom they are authoring their get the job done. Purely getting to be acquainted with the discussion board, recognizing their anticipations, and drafting your creating all around these parameters is important in reaching them. As an case in point, coursework writing has to be absent of cliches and other phrases that are in casual composing.
Many on-line degrees are made available by diploma mills – a business that provides higher education degrees with no coursework at all. You basically buy the diploma. You can also purchase transcripts, honors graduation, and employer verification. There is a phony degree for nearly dissertation writing fellowships any form of faculty degree. There are courses for Affiliate levels, for Bachelor’s, for Learn’s and for Ph.D.’s. You use online, exhibit your expertise and purchase the diploma you want. You can fork out either in a lump sum or with the help of a payment plan. The software directors examine every applicant’s qualifications, to see if they are suitable for a degree. If an applicant is recognized, then a diploma ordinarily comes inside a week.
These careers like Healthcare transcriptionists get up a share of 18%twenty five in the whole of health care professions which is why they are deemed to be among the best health-related careers. They are a large perk for the reason that these work requires small or in some cases even no collage program coursework needed. They have a progress fee of ten.five%twenty five.
Estates are assessed a tax on the price of residence at the time of the decedent’s death. Section of the estate benefit is exempt from the tax. This exemption coursework help amount of money was $1,000,000 for 2009 estate tax returns. Estates with greater values are subject to the tax. The determine is issue to changes by tax laws. EA CPE also handles these tax regulation changes.
When working with an essay crafting service, deliver all the facts of what the essay is about, and what is required within just the essay. These particulars should really be in-depth, and have clear recommendations about what specifically is essential so the essay is carried out correctly. The a lot more facts the better, so that it will be specialist, and have the ideal sense and tone to it. It will be done on time and there will no for a longer period be any stress about the assignment.
If you know how to layout internet websites, you can obtain a great deal of website design operate. To be in a position to make funds from this method, you don’t even have to be extremely completed in HTML. As an different you might use some application courses to make web-sites.
Introduction: Now sit down and Produce your Essay, The launch should really get the visitor’s fascination, established up the problem, and lead to in to your dissertation. Your introduction is basically an accumulation of the issue, a degree of giving folks into the essay’s dialogue.
Off Topic You can talk here about everything that doesn't fit in the rest of the forums (movies, music, games etc.)
Gotta give the Japanese credits for how serious they're taking this wrestling business. Look at how many cameramen around the ring are
From what I read, Japan's pro-wrestling is not storyline oriented, most people just watch for the wrestling. I can sort of see that, as the crowd give huge pop to almost every good move whether it was performed by the face or heel.
learned Mandarin and English by watching movies and listening to others but Japanese is a bit more difficult for me
They are smart just respectful.Saw an NJPW show a few months ago , Alex Kozlov (a heel) say to the crowd I'll now sing the Russian national anthem so stand , the crowd stands and applauds when he's done I thought it was hilarious , they no sold that shit.
finisher will be a corkscrew, shooting star press, 450 into a swanton dragonrana.........or something.
they will bow before you sage.....yeah I know they bow anyway but they will bow more then they usually do
This is a close up picture of apical part of a cycad plant. I believe, this is Cycas rumphii [please correct me if I am wrong]. This cycad is relatively big, leaf length is about 1 meter, some say it may reach 1.5 meter; length of each leaflet is about 20 to 25 cm. It grows vigorously under tree canopies at humid tropical forest, but also has great adaptability for more open, exposed directly to sunlight.
Cycas rumphii has been poorly understood in the past. Recent recognition of a number of related species has allowed clarification of its identity, and clear delineation of its distribution. As now understood, C. rumphii has a distribution centred on the Moluccan island group (Maluku, or the Spice Islands) extending east into Indonesian Papua and a short way along the north coast of Papua New Guinea, and north to Sulawesi. In the west, it appears to extend to southern Bornea and north-eastern Java.
C. rumphii appears to share the ecological preferences of several other taxa in this group, being largely a species of closed woodland or forest on more or less calcareous substrates in near-shore environments.
Leaves bright green, highly glossy, 150-250 cm long, flat (not keeled) in section (opposing leaflets inserted at 180� on rachis), with 150-200 leaflets, with orange tomentum shedding as leaf expands; rachis consistently terminated by paired leaflets. Petiole 35-60 cm long (20-30% of total leaf), petiole glabrous, spinescent for 80-100% of length. Basal leaflets not gradually reducing to spines, 190 mm long.
Median leaflets simple, strongly discolorous, 220-320 mm long, 12-16 mm wide, inserted at 70-85� to rachis, decurrent for 5-8 mm, narrowed to 4.5-7 mm at base (to 35-50% of maximum width), 15-19 mm apart on rachis; median leaflets section flat; margins slightly recurved; apex acute, not spinescent; midrib flat above, raised below.
A creative and artistic approach to photographing this plant. Good detail, great textures and colours and a good composition with the leaves fanning out to the frame edge. It's a little 'busy' but I think its a nice shot, the square format is perfect for the subject.
The following article contains instructions for Android smartphones or tablets on how to change your payment method:
An appearance is a set of parameters that determines the ways in which a model surface reacts and/or refracts light. These parameters are subdivided into individual channels.
SOLIDWORKS Visualize comes with a library of predefined appearances to apply to 3D models in projects. You can also create new appearances.
After an appearance is in a project, you can apply appearances to parts in models. A part is a subset of a model. A complex car model could have thousands of parts, for example: each of the wheels could be separate parts, and each wheel part could be composed of smaller parts for the metal rim, rubber tire, lock nuts, and brake rotors.
An appearance in a project is independent from appearances in the Appearance library. Appearances in the project are saved in the .SVPJ file with the rest of the assets in the project (such as models, HDR images, backplates, and cameras). Appearances in the Appearance library are files in the SOLIDWORKS Visualize Content\Appearances folder. SOLIDWORKS Visualize Appearance Files use the file extension/file type SVAP.
When you apply an appearance from the Appearance library to a model or part in a project, the appearance is added to the project. If you then edit the appearance in the project using parameters on the Appearances tab in the Palette, the copy of the appearance in the project is affected, but the source appearance in the Appearance library is unaffected. The reason is that appearances in the project and those in the Appearance library are independent of each other, even if they have the same names and parameter values.
If you open a project containing appearances that are not in Appearance library, the new appearances appear in the Palette on the Appearances tab.
If the model already has an appearance applied to it, you can apply the appearance to a part in a model.
The appearances in SOLIDWORKS Visualize are different than shaders in traditional rendering applications. All appearances in SOLIDWORKS Visualize are scientifically accurate. Less guesswork is required for you to create or edit an appearance to have the properties you want.
If you select an applied appearance on a part in a model, and the appearance includes textures, then you can customize its texture mapping.
You can share appearances with others. The software saves the appearances in the Appearance library in .SVAP files. These files are located in SOLIDWORKS Visualize Content\Appearances.
SOLIDWORKS welcomes your feedback concerning the presentation, accuracy, and thoroughness of the documentation. Use the form below to send your comments and suggestions about this topic directly to our documentation team. The documentation team cannot answer technical support questions. Click here for information about technical support.
* I acknowledge I have read and I hereby accept the privacy policy under which my Personal Data will be used by Dassault Systèmes
We have detected you are using a browser version older than Internet Explorer 7. For optimized display, we suggest upgrading your browser to Internet Explorer 7 or newer.
To report problems encountered with the Web help interface and search, contact your local support representative. To provide feedback on individual help topics, use the “Feedback on this topic” link on the individual topic page.
The management of messages found in the Project Monitoring Center allows you to use the secure messaging included in the development environment of WINDEV, WEBDEV and WINDEV Mobile (WDBal tool).
A click performed on the different standard folders (Received and pending, ...) is used to view the different categories of messages.
The different operations that can be performed on a message are proposed in the ribbon of "Messages" tab found in the Project Monitoring Center.
perform an AR on the message: the message is read and it was processed. It moves into the list of incoming messages with AR.
Reply to sender: A new message is created, from the content of the existing message. Only the sender will be the recipient of the new message. You have the ability to add new recipients.
Reply to all: A new message is created, from the content of the existing message. The sender and all the other recipients will be the recipients of the new message. You have the ability to add new recipients.
Transfer: A new message is created, from the content of the existing message. This new message has no default recipient. New recipients must be added.
A message can be transferred into a custom folder. These folders appear on the left of the messaging.
Create a new folder via "New folder" in the ribbon or via "New folder" from the popup menu of custom folders.
Select the requested folder in the list that is displayed and specify whether the transferred message must be considered as being processed ("With AR" option).
Double-click the name of one or more recipients found in the list on the left. The recipients found in this list correspond to the contributors defined in the Project Monitoring Center.
Standard: used to group the contributors by department. To send a message to all the contributors belonging to a department, you must :
If you know the names of contributors, you have the ability to type them in the "Recipients" area. These names must be separated by commas (","), semicolons (";") or dashes ("-").
In addition to images, any type of file can be joined to a message via the "Attachments" tab. This tab lists the attachments linked to the message and proposes to:
The option "Save as incident" is used to save the message as incident in the Project Monitoring Center.
Contributor to whom the incident is assigned. This contributor must be found in the list of recipients.
Set of incidents: The different sets of incidents have been defined in the Project Monitoring Center.
Project: Name of project corresponding to the incident. The different projects have been defined in the Project Monitoring Center.
Associating the incident with a requirement: the incident can be associated (or not) with a requirement. You can:
Link the incident to another task. In this case, the "..." button is used to find the requested requirement.
To send the message, all you have to do is click the "Send" button (or press the F11 key). The message is immediately sent to the recipients.
to avoid disrupting the recipients. By default, checking the "Programmed" option proposes to send the message the same day at the next time.
Hello Abel, I´m really enthousiastic about eventplanner pro. ALmost ready installing all features. Right now I´m using a datepicker field in the registration form where attendees have to tell me which da...
Need to be able to have a message on the "Overview" page *or* need to be able to require that they make selections for both dates when multiple dates are automatically registered.
It would be very helpful to be able to add worpress registration info such as name or email automatically to a form - is this possible? Thanks again.
Hi, I sent in a request for the 'add new registration' function about six months ago as it is essential for my website, you said then that it was next on your list of jobs and would be working in a f...
Can you pass values to Authorize.net? Something like the event name to know which charges go to which event. Thanks.
Hi, Is there any likelihood that you can integrate sagepay payment gateway. Paypal and google checkout is rubbish for UK.
It would be useful to be able to import (from CSV file) a list of labels and values for dropdown list fields. Thus, for example, you could import the list of countries for a Country fields and States for a s...
I've requested this before, but I would like to see the dates available on the registration page to show as a drop down menu instead of a radio input. I've come close to creating it myself. Any chance...
Hello! It's very nice to find the right plugin after the whole year of searching wordpress topics, thank you! I have bought your PRO version this month. My questions are: 1. Registration form: available...
We schedule recurring events up to a year in advance. Registration opens 60 days before event is scheduled. Is there a way to hide events dates that are not open for registration. Currently there is a long list of event dates with "Available for registration on ...." which we are trying to avoid.
Gloria talks to life coach and author Margie Warrell. You’ll learn about how we train people how to treat us and what it takes to really make a relationship work. They’ll discuss why so many people settle for less than what they want in a relationship and reveal 12 acts to becoming fearless in life.
Disclaimer: The opinions expressed on these programs are those of the hosts and participants and are not intended to and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of WebTalk Radio Network its owners and agents. All listeners are advised that neither WebTalk Radio Network, nor its owners and agents shall be held liable for the content of programs, including any advice given. All listeners are advised to make their own decisions after appropriate consultation with professionals who have had an opportunity to consider completely each listener's circumstances, and not in reliance upon the content of WebTalk Radio Network programs.
Buy Houses, Sell Houses, Sell your house fast house buyers in Atlanta, Ga, Baltimore, MD, Chicago, Il, Dallas, Tx and Houstan, TX
Be stress AND payment free within the week! You can depend on us to buy your house for sale in 99347 regardless of why you "need to sell my house" or even "sell my houses in 99347". Homeowners from all cultures, status levels and income levels are feeling the effects of today's economy. Even the most cautious homeowners are needing to find someone to "buy my house fast 99347".
We are a professional, reputable and most importantly honest group of real estate investors that are able to buy your house for sale within the week to make your house and financial nightmares part of the past! Our 99347 home buyers want to help homeowners like you, that need to sell a house or even sell houses, plural.
We hear the same story all the time, "need to sell my house to a real estate investor fast because I can't find someone to buy my house for sale. The faster I can sell my home the better". It is getting more and more common to work with a group of real estate investors like us because we give homeowners options such as buy my home in 7 days and buy my home for cash. in 99347 quickly, because we buy homes cash we don't have to wait for any lengthy loan approvals.
Our success depends on testimonials and referrals from happy homeowners that needed to sell a house fast so we helped them by buying their house for sale in the shortest time possible. Our goal is to give you the opportunity you deserve to move on, stress free. When we buy your 99347 house for sale you get the gift of a stress free life! You no longer spend countless hours trying to figure out "who is going to buy my home in 99347" or "how am I going to sell my house in 99347".
We can buy your house in 99347 fast, directly from you for a fair price and you don't pay a cent! We aren't real estate agents in 99347, we are 99347 real estate investors so you never pay commission or fees...we simply buy your house for cash!
We buy houses in any price range, we buy houses in 99347 (or in any area), we buy houses in any condition and ! Even in today's economy it CAN be as easy to sell a house in 99347 zip code as saying "Buy my home in 99347" or "buy my house". You simply tell us "buy my house" and tell us basic info about your 35005 house for sale, we make you a fair offer, you accept and our real estate investor will buy your house in 99347 to fit your schedule so you have cash in your hands. Then you are done stressing about "finding someone to buy my house in 99347".
Once you give us info about your house for sale in 99347, one of our compassionate and respectful real estate investors will call you within 24 hours to give you a fast, no obligation offer to buy your house for sale...it's that easy to sell houses in 99347 hassle free when you work with us!
Homeowners that are planning to sell their homes in Arizona can contact www.WeBuyAllHomesCash.com. Selling your house to www.WeBuyAllHomesCash.com in Arizona will help you. www.WeBuyAllHomesCash.comhas a very good process to buy your home fast in Arizona that is stress free and easy as well. When they buy your house they handle all of the paperwork, […]
If you are willing to sell your house in Georgia then we can help you! WeBuyAllHomesCash.com buys houses in Georgia for cash and buy homes fast in Georgia If you have a property in Georgia that you need to sell, but you don’t want the delays of repairs, renovations or finding an approved buyer, we […]
Have you said, "I need someone to: buy my home", "buy my house" or "sell my house"? Do you need to sell your house or even sell your houses plural? If so, we can help you! We are a group of professional real estate investors and we buy houses! Our respectful and compassionate house buyers can buy your house fast, in any location, and in any price range. Save yourself money by selling your house to us because, so you don't have to stress about or pay for repairs/updates on your house for sale in order to it. If you want to sell your house this week instead hoping for a buyer and paying mortgage payments every month, contact us today!
Copyright © 2007 WeBuyAllHomesCash.com. All Rights Reserved. All text, images, logos, content, audio, video, design and coding of this website is protected by all applicable copyright and trademark laws. No reproduction, distribution, or transmission of the copyrighted materials at this site is permitted without the written permission of WeBuyAllHomesCash.com, unless otherwise specified.
Hi Ben, this is interesting to see how the plant is growing. It isn't always easy to shoot a plant like this, especially with the prickles on the stems. TFS
This is very interesting idea to see how the plant is growing.It's a beautiful composition with nice colors.
Interesting POV. I like the way you force the viewer to look to the center. The colors are perfect and i like the little details you see throughout the entire photo.
Fine textures and colours. Some great lines starting from the center and spreading outwards on all corners.
good and clear approach to using the camera as an artistic tool and means to an end..rather than just straight record shots..
Very nice perspective on this shot. I like how the leaves just come out at you, the colors and lighing is great. Nice job.
Hi Ben, a nice abstract shot. excellent details and colours. I love your POV looking into the centre of the plant, well done and TFS.
Because we are committed to improving the oral healthcare knowledge of our patients, we are providing the following selection of dental videos which we hope you will find interesting and informative. We have grouped the videos into various categories to provide quick access to the topics of greatest interest to you.
Was referred by my primary dentist for a root canal. Never had one but I was terrified. Dr. Wong was very gentle. I never felt pain and he and his staff kept asking if I was ok. I hope to never need another but I would definitely refer Dr. Wong. He made a horrible thought a more than bearable experience. Keep up the great work Dr.
Dr. Wong and his friendly staff are true professionals in the craft of Endodontics. I was referred to Dr. Wong for a root canal by my primary dentist after experiencing days of excruciating pain in my tooth and gums. I was most grateful that he was willing to accommodate and squeeze me in for an emergency appointment even through the busy holiday season where his schedule was already booked. He made me feel comfortable during the procedure by letting me know step-by-step what he was going to do, and what I'm going to feel. I highly recommend Excel Endodontics to anyone in need of a specialist for their dental needs and have already recommended my family and friends to Dr. Wong. Side note, I learned that a root canal is only painful when it's not being treated, while the procedure itself to cure it is essentially painless.
whoah this blog is wonderful i love reading your articles. Keep up the good work! You know, many people are searching around for this info, you can help them greatly.
Thanks for the marvelous posting! I quite enjoyed reading it, you may be a great author.I will make sure to bookmark your blog and definitely will come back later on. I want to encourage you to ultimately continue your great posts, have a nice evening!
Thanks for all of the labor on this web site. My mother really likes carrying out research and it is simple to grasp why. My partner and i notice all relating to the compelling way you present good ideas by means of the website and even improve response from website visitors about this concept so our own princess is undoubtedly discovering a great deal. Take pleasure in the remaining portion of the new year. Your performing a stunning job.
I just could not leave your web site before suggesting that I extremely enjoyed the usual info a person supply for your guests? Is going to be back often to investigate cross-check new posts
Heya i am for the first time here. I came across this board and I find It truly useful & it helped me out a lot. I hope to give something back and aid others like you aided me.
Hey There. I found your blog using msn. This is a really well written article. I will make sure to bookmark it and return to read more of your useful info. Thanks for the post. I will definitely comeback.
The effect of nursing care quality assurance program in ambulatory care center on the patient’s satisfaction undergoing cataract surgery and their families
Alas, poor Ke$ha. She so desperately wants to be controversial. She recently released new single “Crazy Kids,” and apart from being possibly the actual worst song this side of “My Humps” — a pounding inanity of “I don’t give a fuck because I’m soooooo craaaaazzzzy” clichés, set to an identikit beat and consigned to the deepest circles of musical hell with an appearance from Musical Antichrist will.i.am — it comes with a video that sucks like a turbo-charged Dyson. The clip features Ke$ha’s best determinedly controversial Vanilla Ice-esque cultural appropriation — corn rows! grills! — and if that weren’t enough manufactured “edginess,” she’s also adorned her hand with the all-seeing eye of the Illuminati. It’s hard to imagine Jay-Z inviting her into the New World Order, but anyway, she’s not the first artist to court controversy by leveraging Illuminati symbology. Here are some others.
The two-hand triangle is a favorite of Illuminati watchers, who claim it’s an allusion to Illuminati iconography — specifically the pyramid crowned by the all-seeing eye of Satan (the same pyramid on the back of the US dollar bill, since you’re asking).
17A. *Evil Asian doctor in Sax Rohmer novels: FU MANCHU. It extends downward past the lips, as sported by Baseball Hall of Famer Goose Gossage.
11D. *Scooter feature: HANDLEBAR. It has long, curved and upward pointing ends, resembling the handlebars of a bicycle, as sported by President Taft.
22D. *Tusked mammal: WALRUS. It's thick and bushy, hanging down over the lips, often entirely covering the mouth, as sported by Nietzsche. PGA's Craig Stadler is nicknamed "The Walrus" because of his mustache.
35D. *Trotter's footwear item: HORSESHOE. It's U-shaped, with vertical extensions from the corners of the lips down to the jawline, as sported by Hulk Hogan.
36D. *Eyebrow cosmetic applicator: PENCIL. It's narrow, straight and thin like a pencil, as sported by Brad Pitt.
Adorable puzzle. I loved how the constructor placed MUSTACHE in the grid and clued all the theme answers in a non-MUSTACHE way. Think how boring it would be if he clued them simply as "Mustache type".
6. Wonka's creator: DAHL (Roald). Someone mentioned last time that DAHL is a common Norwegian surname, meaning "valley". Roald DAHL was of Norwegian root.
8. Queens ballplayer: MET. Shea is gone. Mets now play in Citifield. They've won 2 World Series, the same as the Twins. Go Twins! Tame the Tigers!
42. Dakota Native American: OGLALA. Literally "to scatter one's own" in Lakota language. Crazy Horse was an OGLALA.
50. Foiled villain's shout: CURSES. How come the clue is singular? Also, Jerome/Fred, should I say most of the fills or fill in this puzzle are solid? Singular or plural?
60. Bavaria-based automaker: AUDI. Easy guess. Was unaware that AUDI is based in Bavaria, largest state of Germany. Its capital city is Munich.
65. "The Closer" TV station: TNT. Did not like the clue, as the T stands for TV. "The Closer" channel is better.
Argyle again. Today's Dan Naddor Index (total non-theme entries with 6 or more letters) is 12, lower than last week's. Similar stacks of 6's on the left and right edges of the grid.
46A: Fancy burger beef: ANGUS. Strictly a beef breed (Their meat would go well with those potatoes).
Very tasty Tuesday treat Dan has served up for us. All the four grid spanning theme answers are delicious!
1A: Leaders in the dugout: Abbr.: MGRS. Managers. It's about this time of year when heads start to roll in the dugouts.
19A: Apt to shy, as a horse: SKITTISH. Don't spook the horse. Shy – verb (used without object) (esp. of a horse) to start back or aside, as in fear.
22A: Japanese sleuth Mr. __: MOTO. Mr. MOTO is a fictional Japanese secret agent created by the American author John P. Marquand
33A: Keep one's __ the ground: EAR TO. Try to keep informed about something, especially if there are rumours or uncertainties. The expression "keep your Ear To the ground" comes from the way American Indians did this action to feel for the vibrations of herds of animals on the run so they would hear the vibration of hooves(at least, in the movies).
38A: Incite to attack, with "on": SIC. You would SIC a dog on something with the command, "SIC 'em".
8D: Dancer Charisse: CYD. How 'bout them gams? Her nickname "Sid" was taken from a sibling trying to say "Sis". (It was later spelled "Cyd" at MGM to give her an air of mystery.) From Wikipedia.
14D: Football's "Prime Time" Sanders: DEION. His Rookie Card doesn't look like he was ready for "Prime Time".
17D: Wharton's "__ Frome": ETHAN. Ethan Frome is a novel set in turn-of-the-century New England in the fictitious town of Starkfield, Massachusetts. It was published in 1911 by the Pulitzer Prize-winning American author Edith Wharton.
22D: Former quarterback Dan: MARINO. American Hall of Famer played for the Miami Dolphins in the National Football League. 1983–1999
40D: "America's Funniest Home Videos" host Bob: SAGET. FYI: Former "America's Funniest Home Videos" host Bob Saget is returning to the show as a guest co-host for an episode to film in October.
42D: Zodiac bull: TAURUS. Also, the Ford Taurus, an automobile manufactured by Ford introduced in the 1986.
He hasn't contributed any puzzle to LA Times, but his byline appears regularly in NY Times (mostly Friday and Saturday themeless). Since Sept 1999, Patrick has constructed 122 puzzles for NYT alone. He has also created puzzles for NY Sun, Wall Street Journal and the Game Magazines.
Patrick is the crossword editor of "The Chronicle of High Education". He is also the author of "Crossword Puzzle Challenges for Dummies", absolutely the best book I've read on crossword. Doug Peterson called the 70 original puzzles contained in the book as "pure gold". Patrick also crafted "Puzzle Masterpieces: Elegant Challenges for Crossword Lovers", a sophisticated book for those advanced solvers. A classic!
Dan Naddor, Merl Reagle and a few other constructors I've interviewed all mentioned Patrick Berry as one of their favorite constructors. Dan Feyer called Patrick one of the best wordsmith in the world. I contacted Patrick and was so happy that he took time from his busy schedule and answered my questions.
What impact do you think "Crossword Puzzle Challenges for Dummies" has had on the crossword construction world? Several constructors have mentioned that they turn to the book regularly for references and inspiration. And what new part would you add for an update?
I'm not sure the book has had a huge impact (heaven knows the sales figures have been modest), but I've received several kind e-mails from constructors who found it helpful, and that's always gratifying. I know from experience how hard it is in this biz for beginners to figure out what they're doing wrong by editorial correspondence alone.
If I ever got a chance to update the book (which seems unlikely, given what a niche market it's in) I'd probably add a short section on the actual submission process: what to say (or not say) in the cover letter, how long to wait before sending a follow-up nudge, and so on. But I only had 70 pages of text to work with -- the rest of the book had to be devoted to puzzles, appendices, etc. -- so on the whole I'm pleased at how much info I *did* manage to pack in.
I've always been interested in puzzles, though while growing up I never thought I'd be able to make a career out of them. I graduated college with a Comp Sci degree and found work in desktop publishing, but I also contributed some puzzles to magazines. The company I was working for went bust in 1997 and I decided to see if it was possible to survive making puzzles full-time. (It is, but just barely...my puzzle talent is a mere nothing compared to my talent at living on the cheap.)
What is the puzzle you've made you're most proud of? Why is it special? What is the dream puzzle you wish to get published some day?
Not sure I have an absolute favorite among my own puzzles, but some of the second-Sundays I've done for the NYT would rate pretty high. Also "Color Change," a crossword that appeared in the New York Sun...I honestly didn't think the concept would be doable when I started it, but I was very happy to be proven wrong.
Theme-wise, I suppose I like anything that's a) funny or b) elegant. (A bit general, admittedly, but heaven knows there are plenty of themes that aren't either one.) For fills I suppose my first priority is cleanliness, second priority liveliness. Cleanliness comes before liveliness because I have a tough time stomaching dodgy entries...as a solver, one or two dodgy entries can pretty much ruin the experience for me.
Now that you've turned away from ultralow word count, what are your top concerns in making a themeless then?
Basically I'm trying to find the ideal balance between word-count and liveliness. 72-word themelesses don't interest me much because I think themeless solvers like having lots of long entries. But the less-than-60-word puzzles I've constructed have all been vaguely unsatisfying to me, as so many of the entries were (by necessity) lackluster. Obviously there's a happy medium in there somewhere, and that's what I aim for nowadays.
Truthfully I'm not much of a solver -- I seem to get enough of puzzles by making them. (It took me a while to realize what an anomaly this is within the biz -- I haven't met too many other constructors who feel this way.) The only puzzle I solve regularly is Cox & Rathvon's "The Puzzler," which alas recently went belly-up, though I've got my fingers crossed that it'll find a new home somewhere.
There are a great many constructors whose work I admire, but if I had to pick one favorite it'd probably be Mike Shenk, who has the extraordinary ability to make the construction look easy even when you know darn well it couldn't have been easy.
What kind of books/magazines do you read for inspirations? And besides making and editing crosswords, what else do you do for fun?
Inspiration for puzzles is, for me at least, a "wherever you find it" sort of thing...there's no specific book I'm reading, but my brain seems generally hard-wired to look for puzzle possibilities in whatever I bump up against. (Too often I find myself unconsciously considering the cryptic-clue possibilities of a word or phrase that isn't at all "in the language" and therefore useless...once you start down this path, it's hard to stop.)
Besides working on puzzles, I enjoy playing on the guitar (purely for fun - I don't play well enough for anything more grandiose than that).
Not bad, not bad at all for a Monday. I'm thinking FANTASY FOOTBALL was the seed for this theme. Maybe Fred will drop by and have a few words (so watch what you say).
39. "Rich Man, Poor Man" novelist Shaw: IRWIN. A novel written by Irwin Shaw in 1969, became a miniseries in 1976.
7. Kazakhstan, until 1991: Abbr.: SSR. Soviet Socialist Republic. Here Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan since 1997, is in North-Central Kazakhstan. The city of Almaty (South-Eastern Kazakhstan), formerly Alma-Ata, was the capital.
13. Inc., in England: LTD. Limited. A firm, usually associated with British registration, that is organized in such a way as to give its owners limited liability.
41. Mythical man-goats: SATYRS. Don't confuse it with the monster Centaur (head, trunk, and arms of a man, and the body and legs of a horse).
50. British machine gun: STEN. STEN is an acronym, cited as derived from the names of the weapon's chief designers, Major Reginald Shepherd and Harold Turpin, and EN for Enfield. FYI: The Royal Small Arms Factory (RSAF) was a UK government-owned rifle factory in London Borough of Enfield. The factory produced British military rifles, muskets and swords from 1816. It closed in 1988. STEN
58A. Possible reply to a dentist's "Where does it hurt?": ON THE CUSP(ID). I just point the hurting tooth to him.
79A. Twisty hair style for active people?: SPORTS BRA(ID). Miley Cyrus probably should have worn a sports bra.
99A. Japanese sake, e.g.?: ASIATIC FLU(ID). Don't like the answer. ASIAN FLU yes. Asiatic sounds very archaic. Sake (SAH-kee) is Japanese rice wine, so is mirin.
104A. Candy, cookies and soda?: K(ID) RATIONS. Ancel Keys, who formulated K-ration, was also credited with first introducing the benefits of Mediterranean Diet to Americans.
117A. What Depp did, over and over, to acquire the auction item he so badly wanted?: JOHNNY REB(ID). Johnny Reb/Rebel is slang for the Confederate soldier.
Had several trouble spots today, esp in AQUINO (86A: Marcos's successor) & GDANSK area. I could picture AQUINO's face, couldn't remember how to spell her English name, very different from the Chinese translation that I was familiar with. She just died last month.
85. Open hearing, in law: OYER (OH-yer). New word to me. I do know OYEZ, often clued as "Court cry".
67. Japanese city known for its beer: OTARU (AW-tah-roo). Looks pretty. Have never had OTARU beer. Beer is just so filling.
74. Polish city where Solidarity was founded: GDANSK (guh-DAHNSK). Also new to me. What a strange name, full of consonants.
There are exactly 34 Across and 34 Down fills. Very balanced. We don't often see an equal number of across and down entries.
Hey - it's Dennis. I really enjoyed this puzzle. Not just because it's a Silky, but also because a) there's no three-letter answers, a real construction feat (probably the reason why this puzzle is not a pangram), and b) there's a pair of stacked ten-letter entries in each of four quadrants, and I love the longer answers. Also several of the clues and answers hit home personally, as you'll see as you go through the write-up.
Barry said his seed entry was Cole Hamels. He had released 2008 Phillies Championship Tribute on our blog in Jan 2009. HAMELS was part of the theme answer, clued as "MVP of the 2008 Phillies". C.C. mentioned that the puzzle eventually made it into Phillies' organization.
5A: Arizona's southwesternmost county, or its seat: YUMA. Do you remember '3:10 to Yuma'? I remembered the 1957 version, with Glenn Ford & Van Heflin, but not the 2007 remake with Russel Crowe & Christian Bale.
14A: Tigger's pal: POOH. Just vaguely remember the characters of "Winnie The Pooh" in Hundred Acre Wood.
18A: Phillies pitcher who received the 2008 World Series MVP Award: COLE HAMELS. Obviously, one of my favorite clues. Cole got us only our second World Series Championship in over 120 years. He's married to Heidi Strobel from Survivor.
21A: Instants of revelation, as for puzzle solvers: AHA MOMENTS. Who doesn't love that moment when the light comes on?
28A: Elvis's swivelers: HIPS. But not everyone got to see them initially. Early TV shows kept the camera above his waist when he performed. Watch this example from the Ed Sullivan show.
35A: Existing independent of experience, in logic: A PRIORI. Deductive or presumptive. Opposite a posteriori. Buckeye has given us several long lectures on A PRIORI.
36A: Libya neighbor: TUNISIA. It's at the very top of Africa. See it? Capital city is Tunis, which was gridded in our puzzle on Thursday. An intentional ALGERIA trap.
39A: Photographer known for his black-and-white American West scenes: ANSEL ADAMS. I love his photographs. This is my favorite of his works; I want that road.
43A: Part of MSG: MONO. Monosodium glutamate. The Chinese restaurant next to my hobby store is always filling our dumpsters with empty MSG drums.
4D: 2002 film about a musician who survived the Holocaust: THE PIANIST. Remember Adrien Brody's liplock on Halle Berry at the Academy Awards?
8D: Wind-speed measurer: ANEMOMETER. From the Greek 'anemos' (wind); measures wind speed. Here is a simple one.
12D: Droop like aging flowers: WILT. Any time I see 'wilt", I think of Wilt Chamberlain -played for Philly and the only player to score 100 points in an NBA game. He claimed in his book to have "slept with 20,000 women". Must've been a narcoleptic.
27D: Like some remote-control planes: TWIN ENGINE. We sell quite a few R/C planes, and about 90% of them are single engine. Twin engines add a whole new level of complexity, just as they do in real thing.
28D: German university town: HEIDELBERG. HEIDELBERG University is one of Europe's oldest educational institutes.
40D: Treated with disdain: SCORNED. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned. I speak from experience.
Note from C.C.: Happy Birthday, Dennis! Thanks for the fun, knowledge and words of wisdom you bring to us every day.
38A. Yokel resting in the woods?: BUMP(KIN) ON A LOG. "Like a bump on a log" = unmoving/inactive. New idiom to me.
We seem to follow the old TMS Daily mode now. Monday and Tuesday puzzles get a bit tougher than normal and the late week puzzles are considerably easier.
How do feel about this trend? Happy? Unhappy? Come to the Comments section and let me know your opinion.
1. Held (on) by stitches: SEWN. It's clued as "Attached with thread" the other day. Rich mentioned he tries not to repeat the same clue for at least 2 months.
10. Farm females: EWES. Tell us more about EWE or you, Windhover. What are you going to bring to the Farmer's Market tomorrow?
20. Heart-to-heart talk: TETE-A-TETE. Just mentioned this phrase the other day. Literally "head to head".
32. Mahmoud Abbas's gp.: PLO (Palestine Liberation Organization). Abbas looks like a person of reason. Arafat was hopeless.
65. Ballesteros of the PGA: SEVE. He'll be at the British Open next year. No Tom Watson miracle I am afraid.
4. Alaskan gold-rush town: NOME. Gold-rush around 1899, when NOME was the most populated city in Alaska.
24. Health insurance giant: AETNA. Named after the volcano ETNA. AETNA might have start ed as fire insurance company.
45. Summer drink with a lemon twist, maybe: ICE TEA. Or ICED TEA. The latter is more common. I only drink hot tea.
When you have time, read this crossword article Dennis linked yesterday. The constructor Bernice Gorden is 95 years old and still at it.
Normally I am not fond of same clue for different theme answer puzzles. This one is rather unique, with the defining RUNNER structured in the grid.
"Today marks the 6-month anniversary of switching to the LA Times crosswords. In that period Rich Norris has presented us with 159 puzzles (only counting Monday's through Saturday's) submitted by 67 different "constructors". Five of those constructors were actually Rich himself. Most often used by far is Dan Naddor with 22 puzzles. Next most popular are David W. Cromer, Don Gagliardo, and Donna S. Levin with 7 apiece. Doug Peterson and Jack McInturff are close behind with 6. Thirty-six constructors have been used only once."
I forwarded the information to Rich Norris. Rich responded: "Thanks to Jimmy for the update. I haven't kept count since March, but I do keep track on an annual basis. Through October 31st, I will have published 95 different constructors in 2009, not including me."
4. Strokes on a green: PUTTS. The other golf reference is SAM (21D. Golf legend Snead). I think Rich Norris likes Ben Hogan more. Hogan had the most efficient swing.
24. Bando of baseball: SAL. Got his name from Down fill. Don't know much about the old Oakland A's. Did pull a Catfish Hunter autograph out of a blaster box once.
52. Canada's smallest prov.: P.E.I. (Prince Edward Island). No idea. It's on the right coast. Just learned that there are ten provinces and three territories in Canada. How are those territories differ from provinces?
11. Weather Channel offerings: FORECASTS. Still summer here, but my morning glory suddenly stopped blooming yesterday.
22. Once around the track: LAP. Would prefer a different clue as TRACK is part of the theme answers.
29. Fond du __, Wisconsin: LAC. Any fellow solvers there? I know we have quite a few from the Madison area.
33. Louis XIV, to his subjects: ROI. Louis XIV is known as "le ROI Soleil (the Sun King). Haute couture originated in his reign.
57. North African capital: TUNIS. Nice parallel with EGYPT (58D. Exodus locale). TUNIS is the capital of Tunisia. I wonder if anyone fell into the CAIRO for the capital trap.
Picture of the Day: Here is a photo our fellow solver Bill and his wonderful wife Nancy at his sister's wedding a week ago. Both Bill and Nancy love solving Xword. Bill often makes me laugh with his witty and grumpy comments. Ask him if you have any question on computer or bluegrass.
17A. Hydration from underground: WELL WATER. We used well water until I was about 10. Public well. Quite a way from our house. Tough on winter days.
29A. Thunder on a radio show, e.g.: SOUND EFFECT. Music recordings are never referred to as sound effects.
61A. House majority leader of the early 1970s: HALE BOGGS. Unknown figure to me. Wikipedia says he was one of the seven members of the Warren Commission and he dissented from the single bullet theory. It also says he disappeared in 1972 while flying over a remote section in Alaska.
66A. Baseball Hall of Famer Speaker: TRIS. Inducted in 1937, same year as Cy Young. The first class (1936) includes Babe Ruth, Ty Cobb & Honus Wagner.
69A. Not tagged in time: SAFE. Twins won again! So did the Tigers though. We are still 2 1/2 games behind.
15. Victoria or Geneva: LAKE. Lake Victoria is Africa's largest lake. LPGA holds its annual Evian Masters on the shore of Lake Geneva. It's played one week before British Open.
37. Bird on a dollar: EAGLE. I'd like to be a bird in my next life, chasing autumn all over the world.
49. "The Waste Land" poet's monogram: TSE. Ah, our old days' of "Half a fly"! I bet Wayne R Williams still uses the same clue in his current self-syndicated puzzles.
2. Utah city: OREM. See this map. So glad that I was not the only one who was perplexed by SLC (Salt Lake City) abbreviation yesterday.
11. It sells a lot of build-it-yourself furniture: IKEA. I wonder why IKEA has not gone public, neither has Cargill.
28. G sharp's equivalent: A-FLAT. Oh, by the way, why does major key sound happy and minor key sound sad?
40. Aunt Bee's grandnephew: OPIE. I bet we can find Ron Howard reference in a puzzle on any given day.
47. Game often played with a 24-card deck: EUCHRE. Got the answer from Across fills. Wikipedia says EUCHRE, invented around 1860, is responsible for introducing the Jack (Joker) into modern packs.
62. "La Cage __ Folles": AUX. Ah, one of Lemonade's favorite plays. I like the remake "The Birdcage" starring Robin Williams.
PS: Nice sausage links yesterday, esp Jazzbumpa's "since" and "yikes!". Some exotic ingredients from Kazie. Fun to read. Missed Lois's playful word weaving essay.
C.C. started this blog on January 21, 2008. She was later joined by more contributors. We try our best to make this blog an informative, educating and entertaining place.
You can also find the puzzle at Mensa site, Chicago Tribune, Washington Post and many other websites.
If you want a custom-made puzzle for a birthday, an anniversary or any special occasion, please contact C.C. here.
Argyle here. A Monday debut for Drew, gender unknown. I hope Splynter may find a suitable pic for SUPPORT HOSE. Two corners with 7-letter vertical stacks with the long themes connected to them. All-in-all, a good Monday debut puzzle. I hope Drew will drop by.
5. French revolutionary who was murdered in a tub : MARAT. (Jean-Paul Marat) More of a Tuesday entry.
16. One-named Gaelic folk singer : ENYA. I'll come back and link her song if I don't find anything else.
68. Phones on stage, e.g. : PROPS. Maybe we can get some links to when props fail. I'd look now but I probably wouldn't come back.
1. Bring across the border illegally : SMUGGLE. There have been some horror stories about smuggling people.
13. '60s-'80s Red Sox legend, familiarly : YAZ. Carl Yastrzemski, member of the Baseball Hall of Fame.
Had trouble getting started this morning. Neither SHIV nor MARAT nor WILY sprung immediately to mind and I had to quickly shift to the perps to get a foothold. And then the perps included VEAU, which was a complete unknown, and HURRIER, which was, well, let's just say "less than optimal."
The rest of the puzzle was pretty straightforward. When I got to the theme reveal, however, I got a bit stuck since all I could think of was SUPPORT GROUP, which (a) didn't fit and (b) couldn't be right because there was already a GROUP in 20A. Took more perps to finally get SYSTEM.
I of Jean Paul Marat from art class and the famous painting by Jaques-Louis David. Marat had a skin condition and he spent a lot of time soaking in the bath. Charlotte Corday broke in and stabbed him.
QOD: The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness. ~ Vladimir Nabokov (Apr. 22, 1899 ~ July 2, 1977)
Those stacked sevens in the corner look late-weekish, don't they? Reviewing the grid after finishing, I had trouble parsing MANDMS and wondered what a ROPE SIN could be...S&M, maybe? This puzzle has lots of material for Lois to work with.
Unlike Argyle, I had no problem with HURRIER. But I also read candies as candles, and fell, AGAIN, for the word AND separating the two M's. Also had IN A Snit for IN A STEW, but the perps fixed that. Had to change VEAl to VEAU. More difficult for a Monday than I would think, but still a decent puzzle.
Got started in the NW with MUTE and URSA. Then got GIN, LEMANS, and ERECT. That gave me the verticals, which gave me SHIV. I always thought of a SHIV as kind of a homemade knife, not A switchblade. I could be wrong.
Had to skip around a little, but BASICally, easy. Stared at MANDMS; didn't know what a mandm was and then the little light went on and I said "Oho, it's M AND M'S". No lookups or searches were needed.
I also had trouble with mandm, kept thinking of those candies on my grandmother's coffee table. They were chocolate buttons with white sprinkles. Maybe they were called nonpareils? Of course that didn't fit! Good puzzle. I'm off to study some French in preparation for our trip to Paris/Lyon next month. I hope that high school vocab will kick in.
-Observing GROUP DYNAMICS is easier as a sub because none of the teachers even acknowledge you exist as they interact in their own groups
-I said “BEAM ME UP, Scotty” as the 20 something at the Y desk swiped my card and she gave me that “whatever” look
-The Terminator attraction at Universal Studios has a PROP motorcycle that the Ahhnold character seems to ride up a ramp. One day it wasn’t working and the actor had to run up the ramp to the sound of the motorcycle.
Good Morning all - Thanks Drew for a great start to the week. It was a fun puzzle. This was easy peasy for me today, except for the first M in MANDMS. It was my last fill-in. Unfamiliar with MARAT and went thru all the letters until I got to the M - then it was an 'ah ha' moment. Nice write-up Argyle. Listened to Roberta while reading all of your expos. Nice song.
No lookups, red letter help was off. (I always try it off at first to see how far I can get.) YAZ was easy as I already had BAEZ and remembered him from baseball. Also knew of ENYA.
Famous picture by David, Death of MARAT with Marat dead and draped over tub edge with letter in one hand and feather pen in other. I always drop my pen when I fall asleep doing puzzles, but if he were electrocuted, he could have had instant rigor mortis, but it's 1793. It's taller than I am at 65" and I wouldn't want it in my living room.
Thank you Drew Banneman, whosoever you are, or whomsoever you may be. The puzzle was relatively easy, (hence a lot of fun - ). I got the theme and all. I had MULE before MUTE, as the trumpet muffler, because I kept thinking of JazzB.
Thank you Argyle, for your always delightful and charming commentary. Its always worth coming to the Corner, just to hear your version of things. (lol).
Enjoyed the puzzle. Loved seeing my last name lilly in the puzzle. Unfortunately in all my genology research I don't believe I am related to Eli or all of his money. It is usually lily pad that you see in crosswords.
Husker: I’m surprised that a SUPPORT GROUP doesn’t protest Kripke’s comedic LISP on TBBT.---They probably don't have enough of a sense of humor to even watch TBBT!
Nice Mon puzzle. Longer than usual fill words.Very enjoyable, think I'll go get myself a bag of M&M's.
Argyle, you were right, I went looking for that classic soap opera prop fail where the alarm clock went off during a live performance, & they could not shut it off. So the actor opens the fridge, tosses it in, & slams the door. Problem solved!
An hour later,,,, I still can't find it. This will have to do! (but there were a few good prop fails when "Dark Shadows" was live...)
A fun and easy start to the week, although there were a couple of "bitey" clues. But, as usual, perps to the rescue!
Good Morning! Thoroughly enjoyed this one and Argyle's write-up. Thanks. I agree with cross-eyed Dave on the Shiv and just coildn't figure out the MANDMS. You think I would after replacing cigarettes with the peanut ones years ago and gaining 30 pounds!
Oh, Argyle, 23A Martini Liquor - you have written " Gin or..." If you are a true martini drinker, there is no "or"! Those flavored vodka things are just soda pop. :-). or gimlets.
Fun puzzle, and I didn't even see many of the downs (including HURRIER) until I cam here. Whoever the constructor is, it seemed fresh with nice fill for what is usually pretty boring Monday fare.
Ditto on the remarks about SHIV which I reluctantly filled after SMUGGLE and VEAL (later changed to VEAU)made it imperative.
MARAT AROSE slowly from my not yet fully awake brain. I had no idea about YAZ but WILY completed it with the Y.
No need to get IN A STEW over this puzzle as it was almost a speed run. Like Lemonade I laughed at seeing FOP and FRUMPY side by side.
In 1955 when I was a teen, I learned SHIV as a switchblade from the novel, "Blacknoard Jungle." In 1950s NYC a shiv was specifically a switchblade used by gangs.
Marti, thanks for reminding me of that song. I dialed up In My Life on my music server, and I've got it playing as I write this. Haven't heard that album in several years. Great stuff!
Also hands up for not getting MANDMS. I always have trouble with XANDY and a team or persons er(s) such as NLER.
Hello everybody. I think this is a very well-constructed puzzle, and I found it harder than I expected it to be. With the exception of ALER and NBAER (Hi, Mari!), I thought most of the fill was pretty good. Agree about HURRIER.
Argyle, excellent link about Vesper Martini. I read the book and saw the movie Casino Royale but don't remember those details. Of course I had to follow the links to Kina Lillet and Gordon's. My dad used to prefer Gordon's and I never knew it was anything special (never tasted it), especially since dad also stocked Smirnoff's vodka, which I understand is among the cheaper brands. Unlike Mr. Bond, I prefer potato vodka over grain-based vodka. I guess he won't call me, maybe.
Oh, and I read the 16A clue as "One-armed Gaelic folk singer" which inhibited me from immediately entering ENYA. After the perps forced ENYA into that space, I went back, reread the clue correctly, and sighed a little sigh of relief that I wasn't losing my eyesight or my mind after all and that ENYA does indeed have both of her arms.
Good morning/afternoon. I got stuck on VEAU and had the same questions about SHIV as many others. I didn't know MARAT and MANDMS sure looked confusing at first.
I went to lie down for a nap and couldn't get to sleep because of constant coughing. After the third dose of OTC cough medicine, the cough has subsided.
Years ago I enjoyed the early James Bond books and read all of them; even the crappy later ones. I even bought Barbara a perfume because he liked it. (Vent Vert it was.)
I see where Reese Witherspoon (and many others over the years) couldn't help letting a policeman know she was a celebrity when her husband was pulled over.
I believe Drew Banneman and AnDrew Bannem are the same person and neither is his/her real name. I think they're anagrams. Maybe her name is Ann Warden Bem? Puzzlers like puzzles.
Bill G., I know what you are saying about Reese Witherspoon, but a thought occurred to me: if I were in a situation where I didn't know what was going on with a member of my family, I would feel a strong desire to ask "What is going on?" and I would feel angry if the only reply I got was "Sit down and shut up." So I sorta kinda empathize with her. It just seems to me the cop could have taken 15 seconds to at least tell her, in brief, what he was doing to her husband.
Karl: that is precisely why I noted there was probably a "relationship" between the two constructors, Argyle's comments about different last names notwithstanding. I figured others would immediately see the connection, too, where the "an" of Andrew was moved to the end of the last name.
Jayce, right, that makes sense to me too. I think where she started to get herself in trouble is when she supposedly said, "Do you know my name?" The officer says he answered that he didn't need to know her name "right now," and she told him, "You're about to find out who I am," later adding, "You are going to be on national news." Anyway, apparently she had one too many drinks and has apologized for her behavior, so she's still OK in my book.
Linda said: Fop/ass/frumpy! Woohoo! Right you are and don't forget about ERECT. Lots of good stuff for Lois!
I think my brain was muddled after yesterday's crossword tourney - this definitely didn't feel like a Monday.
Hi SUPPORT GROUP! With the SHIV poised at the back of MARAT by our WILY constructor, whomever it is, thus begins our Monday adventure. AAH! what a relief it is to romp through a puzzle after the mind-taxing weekend!
Very nice, Argyle! "The First Time EVER I Saw Your Face" speaks to the heart so poignantly. Many thanks for all you do.
I feel like I'm running ON EMPTY much of the time and I sho' 'nuff look FRUMPY. My yard man showed up while I was feeding my cat on the front porch. I talked to him for 15 minutes before I realized I hadn't combed my frowsy hair yet because my next planned act was to wash & style it. He was looking at me funny so I explained.
Police officers face unpredictable people everyday. Therefore, they are trained to isolate and control combative persons no matter their heritage or attractiveness. Reese should have shut her piehole and obeyed the officers requests. The officer was not out to harm her or her husband.
These people do not wait in lines or conform to normal societal protocol. They feel they shouldn't have to. Her publicist crafted and released a nice mea culpa but it rings hollow to this servant. It reminded me of when Alec Baldwin felt he shouldn't have to conform to FAA/TSA rules earlier this year because of "what my name is".
You and your husband were a menace to society and could have killed someone's mother or child! Driving with a bac of more than TWICE the legal limit is like a unguided missle going down the road. You should be ashamed not matter what your name is. Instead she put "on" someone we mere mortal cannot afford and went to another elitist party. You are a joke.
This was a good Monday puzzle. Easy for us neophytes with a few harder clues. Thanks Drew Banneman and thanks Argyle for the write-up.
47D Afraid of running out, gas gauge-wise reminds me of my first car. It was a VW Bug, built the last year before they put in gas gauges. I had to figure the next mileage for fill-up and write that number on the dashboard. Only ran out of gas once in 3 years.
Not the most exciting puzzle, but definitely an enjoyable mellow Monday. After leaving marat, wily, and nbaer empty, I switched to the DOWN mode.Would not have gotten the theme fills otherwise. When I got to Lilly, I switched back to get a clue for hayseed and frumpy.
Thanks for swell puzzle and write-up, Andrew and Argyle! Had no trouble with MARAT as I watched Marat Sade with Geoffrey Rush eons ago. Also, filled in MANDMS from scratch.
Being pushed around the Green Arrow Nursery in my wheelchair was a killer. But was able to get a few grafted tomato plants. One already has 8 tomatoes!
Was able to catch 2 movies that I wanted to see on satellite: ...Marigold Hotel and Dark Shadows.The former excellent and the latter good. (I watched the soaper of the latter religiously years ago.)
PS Am glad that I had copied this! (Not that my musings are worth much.) When I went to preview to put in my password and returned, it had disappeared!
WEES- I found today's puzzle somewhat harder than most Monday offering, but enjoyed the fresh cluing.
Read more about MARAT. Thought Joan Baez song being associated with Occupy Wall Street was a stretch.
USMC- Thank you for inspirational hospital visit video. I have such admiration for our military and their leadership abilities that carry over into civilian life. Celeste and her no shin splints...what a message of hope!
Belarusians are currently experiencing the most serious economic crisis since the early nineties. Despite the absence of independent radio and TV channels, ratings of authoritarian president Alexander Lukashenko are as low as never before - but not much remains of the organised political opposition either, after many years of internal conflicts, successless campaigning and state repressions. The last presidential elections, on 19th of December 2010, did not match democratic standards. On election day, peaceful protests of 20.000-50.000 people in the center of Minsk were brutally clamped down by riot policemen. More than 600 people were jailed for several weeks, some of them, including alternative candidates, were sentenced to up 5-6 years in prison. With organised oppsosition silenced, and under impression of the economic crises, alternative forms of protest organised by car drivers or users of social network sites such as VKontakte gained some momentum in June and July 2011, but ebbed away once plaincloth security police started brutally arresting people who would take part, even if they were not carrying any signs or shouting slogans, but just walking around and clapping their hands. However, the crisis of Belarus mostly untransformed and non-competitive economy seems to be structural, and no signs of economic reformation can be observed. Instead, foreign currency is no longer available in the country, leading to a black market, break down of imports, inflation of consumer prices and a significant loss of living quality for most citizens. Analysts expect another wave of protests at the start of winter, when the already strained household budgets of Belarusians will need to cover rising utility costs. Will president Lukashenko's social contract - people give up their right to take part politics, and in turn are spared the risks of economic transformation - still hold up then? Will the current system once more be saved by foreign credits? To find out, keep tuned to the voice "Belarus in Crisis".
CoreIMS™ EE was designed to address a comprehensive set of warehouse/inventory management needs from inventory initialization through order processing across multiple warehouses. Site, location, and status information tracked by CoreIMS™ EE provide the level of detail required to manage the warehouse efficiently and effectively. User permissions (including item ownership) define access levels. Barcode label printing and scanning allow transactions to be processed accurately and efficiently. Customizable reports deliver shipping and receiving documents, inventory detail reports, and operational/management information based on real-time inventory data.
In short, CoreIMS™ EE is an easy-to-use, full-featured, and flexible web-based Inventory Management System adaptable to a wide range of applications in business and industry. As a web-based solution, CoreIMS™ EE is the application of choice for companies with distributed operations where inventory tasks are accomplished via a browser accessing the internet/intranet. Third-party logistics operators take note that CoreIMS™ EE may be delivered with a Billing Module that accumulates charges to contracts defined via selectable charge methodologies (per item, per order, per storage unit, etc.). Corresponding reports detail charges for defined time frames and also warehouse revenue by owner.
CoreIMS™ EE, a solution developed under the Microsoft Windows® .NET application framework, utilizes Microsoft® SQL Server® and standard internet connectivity. The user interface is accessible via a standard browser and is comprised of Active Server Pages. By using standard Microsoft® ASP.NET components for web development, customers are assured access to skilled IT resources. Integration with QuickBooks and UPS WorldShip, along with EDI integration and customization options, further extends the potential use of CoreIMS™ EE. CoreIMS™ EE customer references will attest to its value to their business and to the integrity of CorePartners.
Contalog is a omni-channel commerce platform for businesses focusing on selling simultaneously via ecommerce store, mobile shopping app, B2B portal, multi-vendor stores like Amazon and other digital selling mediums to centralize the management responsibilities into a single interface.
Contalog helps you view orders, placed in all sales channels in a single dashboard. Stocks, as and when they are sold, are updated in inventory in real-time. Stocks can be managed with specific to warehouses, transfers can be done within warehouses, and information of products with variants can be store with variant-specific details.
Bin location information, warehouse activity tracking for extended security, partial order processing, low stock notifications and few among the highlights of Contalog omni-channel platform.
Cin7 is the automated and integrated inventory management platform with all-in-one cloud Inventory, POS, B2B, EDI and 3PL. Cin7 synchronizes their stock with sales and orders across every physical and online sales channel and automates order processes for greater efficiency with it's 300+ integrations. Brands that sell or distribute products use Cin7 to keep costs down, margins and cash flow high and stock at the right level. Cin7 offers native integrations using third party logistics (3PL) interface and electronic data interchange (EDI), catering for businesses increasing trend to sell globally. Discrete manufacture, sell, manage and fulfill with Cin7.
Contalog has a dedicated Knowledge Base which contains information, step-by-step instructional material and much more for users to know how to carry out specific tasks using the software.
Contalog can be integrated with other popular eCommerce platforms including Amazon, Magento and eBay.
Contalog is purpose-built for B2B eCommerce businesses in want of a comprehensive solution for order processing, inventory management and field sales management. Contalog is also an ideal solution for multi-warehouse operating businesses that need a single point console for inventory management and order processing. It is a cloud-based SaaS product that makes operations easier for small and medium range businesses.
Contalog is a cloud-based solution which makes it quickly scalable across teams with any number of users. It can also be customized to have varying user controls for access, reporting and information access.
Contalog is a cloud-based platform. It can be accessed via any system, Windows, Mac or Linux through any web browser like Chrome, Mozilla Firefox, Safari, etc. It offers 99% browser compatibility making it perfect for organizations with a milieu of systems in use. Furthermore, it can be customized for accessing data from Android & iOS mobile apps.
Cloud based inventory management software with a native point of sale (POS) system with integrations to supply management applications.
Yes It does. Accounting solutions (Xero, Quickbooks Online), eCommerce platforms such as Shopify and Magento, Shipping & logistics (including 3PL's) and marketplaces (such as Amazon, eBay, JOOR) and many more.
Accounting solutions (Xero, Quickbooks Online), eCommerce platforms such as Shopify and Magento, Shipping & logistics (including 3PL's) and marketplaces (such as Amazon, eBay, JOOR) and many more.
Easy accountax is the ideal solution for you. Online cloud based accounting software that provide book keeping, payroll, self assessment, CRM, HRM, Stock Management and function. Whether you are a small business, an individual or an Accountant, We provide a one-stop solution for you. From accounting to payroll to invoicing. It’s all included. No extra charges for any add-ons.
An ideal solution for small businesses and accountants! The most convenient way to manage and operate all accounting transactions is Easy Accountax. From simple bookkeeping to invoicing the clients, it does it all for you! Being a cloud-based accounting solution, it has an amazing bunch of features such as:
With Easy Accountax, you will be able to respond quickly to customer queries and also customise invoice templates before sending them. This cloud-based accounting software has enabled many enterprises and even individuals to achieve higher performance. This cloud-based accounting solution does not only provide the accounting data, but also TAX filing process and VAT Returns. The accounting industry is going through a tremendous transformation and leading through it will surely count on smart challenges undertaken by the owners.
We are a growing and passionate team based in central London and we want to provide affordable yet powerful and intuitive accounting solution for small businesses and accountants.
Employees log in online to track time for attendance and billing. Clocking in and out can be restricted to office locations or employees can track their time and expenses using their phones. Mobile tracking includes GPS tracking so you always know the location of the clock punches.
Employees can enter mileage and reimbursable expenses and admins can run reports that integrate with QuickBooks and other payroll services.
Create schedules and share them with the whole company or just specific people and manage all your HR documents.
Verified Resources offers an online platform to automate and expedite past employment verification. Today, when resume frauds are on the rise and over 53 percent of candidates lie to some extent on their resumes, according to Society for Human Resource Management, Verified Resources empower the employers to verify work history of their potential employees anytime, from anywhere. This mitigates the risk of mis-hire and helps businesses bring the right candidate on board.
Every one like small business, accountant, hospitality, vendor, IT company, grocery store owner, shopping store owner. Compatible with every business.
Verified Resources is used by employers to verify work history of their potential employees and make right hiring decisions. At the same time, job seekers use this service to get their past employment details verified by their former employers and share their validated details with prospective employers, thereby building trust among them.
Despite the evolution of project management thought, there’s still a feeling in all of us that we’re not there yet. No absolute solution is in sight.
Modeling the complexity of multi-project reality is a challenge. Too many project management tools try to account for all factors. Often, enterprise products overwhelm and don't help.
Tool-less approaches take the other extreme, attempting to simplify but unable to deal with reality that doesn’t fit theory.
There are people with decades of research behind them; people with decades of experience managing multiple projects; people who push calculations to the edge; people who create amazing and intuitive user interactions. But a team that has all of these is hard to find.
Epicflow combines all of the above. It’s a science- and research-based analytical multi-project management tool that performs calculations in real time speeds. It’s beautiful and intuitive. It facilitates meaningful communication among CEOs, managers, and those executing. It allows companies to find harmony in projects and reach goals.
Redbooth is designed to help busy teams in project and task management. With this effective tool, they will get more work done and will increase the staff productivity.
The service includes free and paid versions, along with mobile apps for Android and iOS. The core functionality of the tool is intuitive project management, task delegation, time-tracking, as well as integration with many frequently used business applications.
Redbooth is manageable and flexible to use, allowing project teams and businesses get a clear picture of how their project is advancing. It also features collaboration possibility, file sharing, time tracking, and Gantt charts.
Workfront deals with Enterprise Work Management, rather than Project Management, as a proven, cloud-based solution that manages all a user's work in one place.
Workfront provides a software-as-a-service platform for enterprise workflow management, and solutions for marketing teams, for IT teams, and for service teams.
This plan includes basic technical support. The number of projects is equal to the number of resources with 300 overall number of tasks in each project. All plans include full-featured API, web and mobile application (iOS, Android), integration with MS Project, and/or Jira, automated backups of your data and version updates.
The Gold plan includes priority support. The number of projects is equal to the number of resources with up to 500 tasks per project. The Gold plan also offers a dedicated first level domain. All plans include full-featured API, web and mobile application (iOS, Android), integration with MS Project, and/or Jira, automated backups of your data and version updates.
The Platinum plan includes priority support and offers a dedicated first level domain. The number of projects is equal to the number of resources with up to 1000 tasks per project. All plans include full-featured API, web and mobile application (iOS, Android), integration with MS Project, and/or Jira, automated backups of your data and version updates.
Epicflow is a web-based project management solution, so it supports any system with a modern web browser.
Epicflow representatives offer onsite support, implementation guides, webinars, online support, phone support.
It’s a new resource management add-on for Jira and MS Project that automates planning and prioritization. Epicflow creates perfect flow when managing several projects at the same time.
Epicflow can be used in tandem with Jira, MS Project, Primavera, CA Technologies, and Trimergo as a value-added tool that prevents overload, automates re-planning, and sorts out priorities.
Epicflow is resource scheduling software that has been developed to help project management experts and C-level executives run multiple projects simultaneously. The tool perfectly fits the needs of business leaders who want to stay in control of their projects. Epicflow is also used by team members to update the status of their tasks.
Users of Workfront are project management teams in thousands of companies in over 65 countries. It is used across the whole organization, except for C-level executives and finance.
ftopia is an Internet document sharing service for professionals that enables you and your team to create customized private workspaces and to invite customers, suppliers, and employees to share various files of any kind.
With your company’s file repository stored in online data rooms, it’s easy to keep everyone on the same page, no matter what time of day or night it is, and regardless of location or type of Internet device being used to access your rooms.
In our mission to simplify the way businesses store and share information, our collaborative service is designed for business users – not computer experts. ftopia is loaded with features that make taking advantage of all its benefits easy for everyone, not just IT technicians and other individuals with extensive technological backgrounds. We believe it shouldn’t be any other way.
CloudBerry Remote Assistant is a Windows software for remote control and desktop sharing. The solution is designed for quick and secure access and control a remote desktop or server computer over the Internet.
Egnyte brings new values to the enterprise file sharing product market, allowing teams to work the way they want, wherever they are, and with a seamless, collaborative workflow. It provides all the security and control that today's businesses need.
Egnyte's Enterprise File Sync and Share (EFSS) system are business-centered, with the intention that IT professionals focus on security and performance while users are able to access all their content from their desktop and mobile devices. The software comes with a user-friendly interface, its pricing plans are clear and affordable, and users can choose between cloud, hybrid, and on-premise deployment, depending on their needs.
The benefits that Egnyte provides are simple and efficient work with internal and remote users, compliance with all industrial and global data regulations, flexibility and compatibility, confidentiality and data protection, simple admin and management, and full mobility. Egnyte offers an open API and its software easily integrates with Salesforce, Slack, SmartSheet, and other major business applications.
The Remote Assistant is built for providing its users a PC remote access along with voice and text chat for communications.
Gain ERP offers enterprise class Accounting, Billing, Inventory and SaaS model services for the SMB market. The team leverages open source technologies and Google Cloud Technologies to lower project costs and strengthen the customers business.
GolfRegistrations is the industry leading golf software system for coordinating the full event life cycle of your charity golf tournament. Since 2003, we have hosted over 3,000 charity golf tournaments for non-profits, churches, schools and community organizations.
Your golf tournament software package manages individual and team registration, product sales, sponsor/sponsorship promotion and management, team pairing and hole assignments, as well as many other administrative, management and financial reporting functions to assist with your golf tournament planning. Each golf tournament software package is an online solution; so all of your data is securely hosted and stored in our data centers.
Your golf tournament software package consists of two distinct areas. There is the public golf tournament website where your golfers and sponsors will go to securely register for your charity golf tournament, collect online donations, and share the charity event with family and friends. The second part is the administration area where tasks, including building your golf tournament website, tracking your tournament progress, and participant and financial reporting features are managed and stored.
Our technology platform helps financial institutions better understand agriculture communities and risks associated in lending farmers by leveraging advancements in remote sensing satellites and machine learning. We process a massive amount of global earth & remote sensing data to provide agriculture intelligence at your fingertip.
With the help of +1 Billion pages we have personalized so far, we have learned that understanding the visitor is the key in doing personalization right. That is why we're happy to say that we're not a 'yet another recommendation engine'.
Your visitors leave traces on your store. Thanks to our AI powered technology, we are able to capture and analyze these traces i.e. the products they have viewed/bought, those products' categories, collections, sizes, colours, materials.
We not only analyse behaviours around products but also the visitor’s individual preferences and similar users’ preferences.
• We match visitors with similar tastes to come up with recommendations similar to a good-old friend’s advice.
It only takes 3 clicks to install the personalization app and then you step into our world of automated recommendations! No need to insert any codes or play with the styling of the app. Don't forget to check out our video tutorials.
We give you the chance to display popular products, products viewed by similar shoppers and recent products to your shoppers. You may decide where these recommendations will appear on your pages. You may set recommendations to be shown on the below pages;
Sending e-mails to your users not only ensures repeat purchases but also creates loyalty. With the Perzonalization app, you can now seamlessly deliver personalized recommendations on emails by integrating to your existing templates with a simple copy & paste. You may send emails via any provider. The set of recommendations are formed not when the e-mail is sent but when the e-mail is actually opened by the user. By this way the results of the real time analysis form the ground for the products recommended.
•Cart Reminders: 68% of your shopping carts are abandoned by your visitors. The time has come for you to win back those customers! We automatically send cart reminder e-mails to your shoppers. These e-mails do not only include the product left in the cart but also display personalized related products for you to show other options.
•Product Reminders: Some of your visitors browse through product pages - never adding any items on their carts. We help you win those customers! We automatically send a product reminder e-mail including the viewed products along with personalized related products.
We know that the look and feel of your website is very important. That's why we give you a chance to tweak the design of the recommendations area. You are free to choose the number of products to display, play with the colours pr choose a title like "you may also like" or "related products". You may find all of these options and more under the design settings.
If you feel like you need greater control over recommendations, you may create custom recommendations to maximise the relevancy for your shoppers. You can place these custom recommendations on product, basket, filter, home, search and sales pages.
You can track the performance of Perzonalization for all channels and recommendations, in real-time. Whether it be Perzonalization’s contribution to your store or conversion of recommended products, our real time dashboard helps you review how much value Perzonalization is adding to your business.
After the free trial period of 60 days, we apply a revenue share based pricing with no upfront costs. You pay us only if we help you gain extra sales. The monthly fee is equal to 4% of the revenue generated by Perzonalization. Please visit our pricing page for details.
We develop crop and region-specific products to address particular efficiency bottlenecks defined by our customers. From the technological capability standpoint, we are the only company that can reliably connect a single-plant level analysis with large-scale analytics encompassing billions of plants on a scale of millions of hectares.
Our products include planting efficiency, detection of weeds, yield forecasting, detection of crop varieties, etc.
Gamaya combines patented hyperspectral imaging technology with artificial intelligence algorithms to deliver in-depth analyses of agriculture farms on the basis of satellite & drone data. This helps to substantially decrease fertiliser and chemical usage in sugarcane farms and decrease disease and weed related losses, thereby improving the farmer’s profit margins by 10-20%.
We support all eCommerce platforms and we also have plugins for Magento, PrestaShop, WooCommerce, Shopify and OpenCart.
To display product recommendations on web, emails and mobile app as well as sending automated, triggered emails.
eCommerce companies of any size. Extensions for Magento, PrestaShop, WooCommerce, Shopify and OpenCart are also available.
Track your employee's: time clock, PTO, absences and vacation requests all from our web-based platform. Also includes; team communication tools, employee training and more.
Make time card punches, paper time sheets, and outdated PTO tracking excel sheets a thing of the past. We created honeybeeBase to solve complex employee management problems with simple, intuitive modules within honeybeeBase. We found solutions on the market existed but were geared towards enterprise businesses, making it hard for small to medium businesses to find the right solution. We created a platform that's affordable and easy to use for small, medium and enterprise business. Our goal is to simplify your duties, and we carried those ideals in our pricing. Receive all of honeybeeBase's modules for just 47.50/month up to 100 Users. No "per user" fees. (Every extra 100 users is $20/month)
honeybeeBase is designed to match your company's hierarchy. This allows for full customization of who can do items such as, approving PTO, editing time sheets, managing attendance and more.
Our Time Clock Module is fully customizable with many great features. You can simply track start and end times, or customize it to track job location, position, job classes and more. Set up custom terminals that are allowed to be used as Time Clock stations or allow all devices to clock in and out, this can be designated per person, position or company-wide.
Our Vacation/PTO/Attendance modules allow you to manage employee's requests and attendance with ease. honeybeeBase can send your managers custom notifications, texts, emails when vacation has been requested, approved, etc. Employees and employers love these features as it allows the entire team to be on the same page when it comes to PTO.
We know how frustrating it is when you have to continually chase after timesheets when they’re due, correct timesheets, or manually enter them into other systems for payroll, billing or project costing. This process is time-consuming, inefficient, and directly impacts your company’s bottom line.
Journyx time and expense tracking software streamlines the collection and processing of timesheets – reducing payroll time, growing client billings, and increasing project profitability. With Journyx, you can collect better data for better, more informed decisions.
Integrate with your existing business systems for seamless flow of time and expense data into your accounting, ERP, project management, and HR systems.
Buddy Punch is online time card software that replaces the old punch time clocks that employers have been using to track their employee hours. Employees punch in and punch out online with a computer, tablet, or mobile phone. With IP address and webcam tracking, employers can be assured their employees are working when and where they are supposed to.
Tired of fixing employee's mistakes? Buddy Punch enables employees to fix their mistakes on their time card and employers can approve, deny, or change any employee updates. And don't worry, Buddy Punch keeps a log of all changes to employee time card.
Buddy Punch will streamline your payroll process to save time and avoid costly mistakes. Send your time card data directly to your payroll provider through the integrations that Buddy Punch has with many payroll companies.
Our business operations comply with the SOC 1 standard for internal controls, undergoing an SSAE 16 Type 2 assessment annually.
Includes Up to 100 users (no additional costs per user) Includes 5 gb of storage. Want to pay monthly? The cost is $50/month. Need more users? Only an additional $20/month for every 100 users after the first 100 user. Need more storage? Only an additional $10/month for every 5 gb after the first 5 gb.
Customer support is included in the monthly fee. Our support team can be reached via Email or Phone.
honeybeeBases is built to mimic your companies hierarchy allowing it to follow your businesses chain of command.
Small to medium businesses looking for employee management solutions find a lot of value in honeybeeBase.com. Many large businesses find us to be a great value as well with our pricing structure.
Operating in the Event Technology space, Hubilo provides an end-to-end online solution for event organizers. It works as an all-in-one event platform that makes events dynamically interactive and empowers the event organizers to create, promote, manage, and analyze a number of events effortlessly.
Regpack's technology enables individualized registration packages, while seamlessly integrating online payments and providing a sophisticated yet intuitive user management platform. Our partners see higher conversion rates of users completing their application and making their payments on-time, so you can focus on the things that are more important, like project content and participant recruitment.
Konfeo is an event registration software which enables you to quickly create an event, make it possible for users to sign up and pay for tickets. Whether you are organizing a major conference, sports or music event or smaller activity such as a professional course or workshop, Konfeo is the perfect solution.
The original idea and aim for the development of the Konfeo system was, and still is the ability to supply event organizers with an application which combines the three most important features:
Over 5,000 event organizers and over 150,000 participants have trusted us so far. Konfeo is a tool designed and developed by experienced professionals of organizing events:
the system is designed with efficiency and convenience of work in mind. Konfeo’s simple to use dashboard requires no prior training.
Any organization that needs to register, charge and manage applicants or users for an event, program, trip, camp, course, etc.
Conference organizers (associations, foundations, government institutions, other public institutions, colleges)
Your contact centre does not need to be tied to expensive physical infrastructure. Hydra, our ACD solution based on WebRTC technology, provides you with a remote platform through which agents can be monitored and controlled as if being in a traditional call centre, but when in fact no physical infrastructure is needed.
The use of Natural Language Recognition allows you, as a company manager, to take full control of the content of the conversations that take place on any of your business phone numbers, made or received by an employee working in any of your domestic or international offices or a teleworker, disregarding the device used (landline, mobile or IP phone). Beyond the common fact that you can receive a transcription of every single call, you will also receive its translation. Choose between different detection patterns to analyse any conversation, regardless of the language used.
Ensure your services quality, accuracy and proficiency. Review easily and securely your customers’ requests and resolve quickly customers’ disputes. Improve your training efficiency and detect and defeat agents’ misconduct. Coupled with our cloud multilingual Natural Language Recognition system, analyse conversations taking place in any corporate phone line.
Audit in real time your employees and your Contact Centre. Barge calls or whisper agents on how to attend to customers while they are answering or making calls. Identify agents strengths and weaknesses and check adherence to scripts provided by Contact Centre management.
Our call queuing system helps you enhance your service level and customer satisfaction. Audit outsourced call centres and route calls to the most efficient agents. Inefficient detected agents can be automatically unlogged.
Recordings are also stored on our secure encrypted data storage and can be retrieved via our web-based management interface or downloaded to your premise through FTP.
CrazyCall is a cloud-based app that helps contact centers and sales teams boost performance of their outbound and inbound projects.
Easy to install, CrazyCall requires no download or technical skills. Start making and receiving calls directly in your browser within minutes of creating your account. With our automatic dialer you no longer need to dial numbers manually. You can also set rules to efficiently manage your outbound & inbound queue or reschedule calls automatically.
Save money while serving international markets with free minutes in every plan and competitive connection rates. CrazyCall also lets you choose phone numbers from over 60 countries, so you can always appear local to your leads and clients.
Add users to your account and easily monitor your team progress with live call listening and dashboards. Use call recordings to evaluate and enhance the quality of every conversation. Get up to speed on your project’s performance with real-time reports and optimize your strategy on the spot.
Expand and refine your contacts database with CrazyCall’s Click-to-Call add-on. Use it to add phone numbers to your list as you browse the web, make and receive calls and close every contact with a meaningful status.
Five9 is a contact center solution that helps users control inbound, outbound, blended or multi-channel contact centers. It significantly improves agent effectiveness whether they use the phone, web, chat, email, mobile or social platforms.
The bottom line of using this solution is better customer service and call center performance, resulting in the increase in sales. Five9 includes workforce optimization features an integrated call recording, agent scripting, and effectiveness monitoring. Additionally, it can be easily adjusted to specific needs of a particular call center.
IFTTT, which is the abbreviation for "If This Then That" is a unique platform that connects two applications for automatic data synchronization and personalized knowledge feeds.
The main purpose of this service is automating actions across applications. It triggers action that a user wants to happen every time certain conditions are met, without doing anything. For example, it is possible to set a response in smart home to every trigger, from locking the front door, opening the garage, to welcoming pizza delivery.
First, users need to create IFTTT "recipes", i.e. predefined tasks, inventing their own, or use templates. Most common tasks include posting photos on a set criteria, making voice assistant more personal, create a dashboard that displays all Fitbit data on a single screen, remotely control the fireplace etc. It is also possible to activate IFTTT on third-party apps.
Evernote transforms the way you work. We design products that fuel inspiration for your projects, from start to finish. With Evernote, collect and organize material that molds your work. Easily find everything when you need it, from handwritten notes to photos. As your project takes shape, present it to colleagues. Turn notes into a beautiful presentation you can display in a screen-friendly format. Our goal is to make you work smarter. Our job is to make sure you get there.
FullContact is a cloud-based address book. With these apps, you can unify your contracts across multiple accounts (iCloud, Outlook, Gmail, etc.) to create one single source of truth. FullContact also takes the hassle out of contact management by deduplicating contacts when they appear multiple times and enriching contact profiles by adding social and company insights.
Your address book is available everywhere with FullContact through mobile apps (iOS and Android), a web app, a Mac app, and an extension for Google Chrome that works alongside Gmail and Inbox by Gmail.
Write: From short lists to lengthy research, no matter what form your writing takes, Evernote keeps you focused on moving those ideas from inspiration to completion.
Collect: Easily gather everything that matters. Clip web articles, capture handwritten notes, and snap photos to keep the physical and digital details of your projects with you at all times.
Discuss: Connect your work with the people who help you get it done. Communicate, collaborate, and share in real-time with anyone in the world without ever leaving Evernote.
Present: Have fast, effective meetings by presenting your work as it evolves. No need to build slides, just one click and your notes are transformed into a beautiful screen-friendly layout.
Users of IFTTT are Freelancers, Large Enterprises, Mid Size Business, Non Profits, Public Administrations, Small Business.
This is the service that connecs two apps to complete a task on one app based on the condition on the other app.
Nuro Retention is a market leading comprehensive data integrated case management and student success platform that consumes vast amounts of cognitive and non-cognitive data from multiple sources to provide the most comprehensive predictive and proactive student success solution on the market today.
Nuro uses sophisticated predictive analytics derived from customized models to identify at-risk students before they start (Nuro Insights), along with non-cognitive survey data (Nuro Discoveries) to identify student who may be at risk, and then provides proactive case management to identify who is at risk this term (Nuro Retention)--all with a comprehensive suite of proactive support tools for early identification, intervention, effective communication, outreach, analysis, and insightful reporting. Nuro makes big data actionable.
e-School is a robust cloud-based enterprise resource planning (ERP) platform that combines the core functionalities of various systems into a single, comprehensive package, including Student Information System (SIS), Learning Management System (LMS), Billing, Examination, Attendance, Accounting, Payroll, Inventory, Library and SMS capabilities. The software is capable of servicing the needs of large, midsized, and small fast growing schools/colleges.
With e-School, users are able to select and implement specific modules that fit their programs. Whether you are running a small academy, managing a high school, or running a large university, e-School gives you specific solutions that cater to specific roles – Board Member, Principal, Controller, Teacher, Student, and Parent.
Aktiv Mind LMS is an online training software that enables businesses to create courses and tests in order to train their employees, or for schools to educate their students. The core values at Aktiv Mind LMS are to create software that is easy to use, yet powerful enough to suit the users needs. We have been lucky enough to have a strong positive response to our platform from all types of clients across many different types of industries. Whether you are a small business with under 10 employees, or a large enterprise company with over 2000 employees, or an educational institution, Aktiv Mind LMS strives to provide you with the tools you need to train your employees or students.
Plans range from a free trial and paid plans from $69/month to $499/month depending on the number of concurrent users.
Yes, and it is encouraged to be used campus-wide as that is the power of the platform. We price per student not per user to encourage adoption.
To predict who is at risk before they start school, who may be at risk before they start school, and who is at risk today. Once you know who is at risk, you can use the platform to remediate the student, send communications specifically designed for the student and their risk points, to communicate the needs of the student amongst all stakeholders, and to connect the student to support services like tutoring, advising, financial aid, etc.
Any platform with a web browser. Mobile Devices such as iPads/iPhones, PCs and Macs are all supported
Any type of business, educational institution, or non-profit organization that wants to train either internally or sell courses to the public
Omnisend is an easy-to-use email marketing service for small and medium-size ecommerce sites. There is no need to code, design or build anything. It works seamlessly with your online store and lets users collect customer data, build promotional newsletters and track sales.
Increase your sales: +30% with Campaign Booster, 20% with Cart Recovery and Welcome emails. Level up your email marketing!
Save time: start with one-click install and create email campaigns up to 10x faster by adding products while browsing your store.
Cheer your subscribers up with a totally new Scratch Card and double or even triple your click rate! This feature is only available on Omnisend.
We offer 15,000 emails/month for free, but we recommend to check the Premium plan - it is chock-full of smart features!
With Campaign Monitor, you can easily attract new subscribers by sending them beautiful email newsletters. Built from the ground up for creative professionals, you can manage all your clients from a single account and let them send campaigns at prices you set.
AWeber helps over 100,000 entrepreneurs, businesses and nonprofits increase sales and profits through its suite of web-based email marketing software, easy-to-use automation tools and helpful templates.
Omnisend API allows you to connect any ecommerce platform or add custom features to your current integration. You can integrate your store to Omnisend via our API, if you are using any of these ecommerce platforms:
If you are using Omnisend on Shopify, Bigcommerce or Tictail, there is no need for integration via API as all the major parts of integration are covered automatically.
Omnisend provides 24/7 online customer support as well as a knowledge base that can be found on Omnisend's official website.
Whether you're in M&A, accepting bids from multiple vendors, or just want an additional layer of privacy, Onehub virtual data provide you with the augmented protections you need.
Customize your Workspaces and choose to run Onehub on your own domain to streamline communications with your clients, customers and vendors.
Invite users to the exact folder, subfolder, or file you want them to see. Share precise files without granting permission to an entire Workspace or folder.
Assign narrowly defined roles as needed, limiting access to your files with strict permissions such as Downloader, Printer, and Viewer.
Share your work on your terms by enacting custom agreements users must accept before accessing your files.
Upload your company logo and pair it with a custom color to create a truly branded experience. Create different color schemes across different Workspaces for an easier, more visual workflow.
Give your Workspaces a fully polished look by accessing them from a domain of your choosing. Once activated, all invitations and links will point users to your custom domain.
Add white label support to your account to remove all Onehub branding so that it looks and feels more familiar to your users. Additionally, you can forward Onehub communications through a custom email alias of your choosing.
The Onehub permissions system is simple yet incredibly powerful. Add permissions to your account, a Workspace, a folder, a file, or a single link. This gives you complete control over what users can view, print, download and modify.
Automatically generate watermarks across your documents to identify your materials, help prevent leaks, and protect your property.
Sellsy is the all-in-one solution to manage every facet of your sales business. It generates leads, manages payments, preserves customers, and much more.
The fact that Sellsy is an all-in-one, coherent solution sets it apart from all others in its market. Sellsy offers complete access to ALL your entered data, wherever you would intuitively need it. With Sellsy there is no need to hassle with multiple, incompatible software.
Sellsy is used to manage all points in the business cycle, and is adaptable to fit exactly to the needs of your business.
Sellsy includes the best lead generation tools in one convenient package: lead tracking and scoring, marketing automation, landing pages, blog, and website. You name it, we provide it.
Engage your leads with the personal touch of Sellsy: send quotes or proposals. Get faster engagement with embedded e-signatures. Stay on top of all tasks and projects with our CRM, project management, and collaborative features.
Easily convert proposals to invoices. Send them with a payment link from your favorite gateway and get paid faster. Streamline accounting with exports- you can even invite your CPA in your account! And don't worry, Sellsy will calculate your expenses, profits, and margins for you.
Stay on top of customer success with Sellsy's marketing tools that allow you to send ultra-targeted emails or text message campaigns. Preserve customer loyalty our organized customer service management system.
Sellsy's collaborative tools allows your team to work together on projects with ease. Always see your progress and who's working on what!
Yes. Create Workspaces to hold folders and files. Use our role-based permission to narrowly define how users can interact with your content.
Sellsy is used by a wide range of businesses. It can be used no matter whether selling products or services, doing rentals or subscriptions, online or in store, B2B or B2C, profit or non-profit, or simply managing projects.
Sellsy is a cloud computing platform so it can be accessed anywhere from the internet, on computers, tablets, or mobile devices.
Sellsy connects with many apps including Google and Outlook, and all apps can be connected through our API.
Using top-of-the-line technology, the wizard style interface rolls out landing pages quickly and easily. This frees marketing professionals and small business owners from the lengthy design and IT development process typically required to launch a successful landing page campaign.
Pagewiz was designed to allow professional marketers, business owners and affiliates to launch landing page campaigns from scratch, within minutes, and easily optimize them. Once the campaign is running, A/B testing can be easily performed, for maximizing conversion.
What's your definition of Unique? Is it some creative idea that comes to mind, that you just have to share with everybody? Maybe it's your zest for sharing something remarkably awesome? Don't keep it to yourself! Go social and build an online community around your idea. We are Social Buddy, the biggest comprehensive community website builder. We will show you how to build your community in minutes then populate your site and gain trust both easily and organically. You will have everything you need right out of the box, all-in-one solution with 24/7 Customer Support. No coding needed and you have full control. With Socibd, you can own your brand, your site under your own name and brand.
Mentions Everywhere - You can mention people in any place by using "@" and Post update with photos/links/mentions/tags.
Share your unique idea, let the rest of the world know about it and leave the how-to to us; we make the technology easy and you focus on building your community.
Built for developers, designers, and idea people alike, Jetstrap helps you get awesome websites up and running fast, with less work and digging through docs.
Grab snippets of clean markup and quickly use complicated components. Take off faster without the need for code.
Professional Landing Page Design Tool: Makes build landing pages as quickly and easily as putting together a presentation. Point, click, and hit the publish button.
Built-in A/B Testing Automation: Pagewiz lets its users create several versions of their page, each one with its own frequency rate, and supplies them with real time stats.
Secure Lead Management: Pagewiz sends leads over to its users by mail, but they are also stored on its highly secured servers.
Organizations both private and public, individuals, companies/businesses, universities, government agencies, and hobbyist.
The program includes lead management, analytics, email marketing, and ROI reporting features. All of these enable marketing professionals to get insight into their campaigns, nurture prospects, and import data into corresponding CRM software.
Web analytics tracks the user's web traffic, from downloads to page views, and measures all relevant components to accelerate pipeline and get quality leads.
SAS Marketing Automation provides complete data management, campaign operations and advanced customer analytics in an integrated, easy-to-use solution. By increasing retention and driving higher rates of new customer acquisitions, it helps bring higher returns on investments and a healthier profit.
This tool is a good fit for B2C direct marketers in industries like financial services, communications and media, retail, and travel.
Its strongest points are customer analysis capabilities, embedded data management, list selection, painless integration, and customization, as well as multichannel marketing realization.
There are many funnel templates offered, as well as drag and drop editing tools to add pictures, text, titles, and graphic. Users can smoothly combine those elements, move them, and place them according to its needs.
This software makes sales funnel creation process straightforward because it incorporates more functions, such as web hosting, email marketing, landing pages, and others.
This service offers following support options: Webinars, FAQs, Knowledge Base, Online Support, Phone Support, Video Tutorials.
Knowledge Base, Training, Users Groups, Webinars, Email, Chat, Phone Support, Tech Support, FAQs, and How-To Videos.
The main user groups include B2C direct marketers in small and medium businesses in industries like: financial services, communications, and media, retail/catalog, and travel.
With manual testing, you can test your website on all different browser combinations straight from your own browser, with mouse and keyboard.
HaltDos ensures high availability of your website/web services by providing an intelligent DDoS mitigation and Web Application Firewall solution that monitors, detects and automatically mitigates cyber attacks in real time, without requiring any human intervention. It is a patent pending solution employing heuristic, behavioral and reputational based anomaly detection and automatic signature deployment to provide effective protection against wide range of DDoS as well as Zero-day attacks.
HaltDos also offers a high throughput and high-performance software-based network appliance that can be deployed at the data center of an organization where the dedicated appliance inspects inbound as well as outbound network traffic and protects your servers against application layer as well as volumetric attacks.
With its multi-layered and multi-vector approach, it can defend against a wide range of DDoS attacks within seconds to ensure 24x7 uptime of your website/web services. It also accelerates your network performance and provides in-depth application monitoring and security.
Images Optimizer is an online tool, which can help you reduce more than 70% of your image size without resolution or quality loss.
Our Intelligent SaaS platform gives you a complete monitoring of inbound and outbound security threats
HaltDos Web Application Firewall and DDoS Protection is generally used for protecting your *website * against the many of cyber attacks such as OWASP Top 10, DDoS attacks as well as Zero-day attacks1. .
HaltDos offers multi-user capability. You can add your team as a network analyst, security analyst, visitor or an administrator.
Wrike makes managing multiple projects and cross-functional, distributed, or growing teams easier. Our end-to-end solution takes your projects from the initial request stage all the way to tracking work progress and reporting results. Manage Enterprise projects from creating and delegating tasks, to visualizing plans and organize workflows, and more. Perfect for Marketing, Creative, Operations, IT, Project, and Product teams of 20+ people.
Data silos: Tasks, discussions, and documents scattered across email, Skype, personal computers, and spreadsheets
Keeping all team members on the same page even across borders without lengthy status meetings, long email threads and spreadsheet updates
Real-time team collaboration with discussions, files attached to tasks, and a built-in document editor
Microsoft Project helps enterprises manage project portfolio and business programs, with its powerful on-premises solution.
It offers customized and visually builds up business management platform for small enterprises, teams, and big brands. Users can consolidate projects, resources, and portfolios, keep track of activities and organize its business.
Microsoft Project enables its users to pick most appropriate resources and engage office team. Another distinguished feature of this solution is projected collaboration, with ability to add new assignments to individuals and teams or reexamining the composition of a project
ProjectManager.com is a perfect project management tool for those who are looking for a comprehensive system that handles all project management processes easily and effectively. First time users found it easy and fast to perform basis tasks such as creating products, scheduling resources, building task lists, creating tasks, adding comments and attaching project-related files without undergoing prior training.
Adding to the ease of use is the customizable options users have with the dashboard. With just a few clicks and a few drags and drops with the user-friendly interface, you have a dashboard that suits your preferences and most importantly, the way you work.
This range of customization also applies to reports. You can build reports based on your specific criteria and reflect the figures and insights that you want. Reports can be delivered in various formats, such as PDF, CSV, or as an Excel or Word file.
With ProjectManager, you can easily create new projects, plan out and schedule tasks, allocate resources and assets, and monitor progress of all your projects from a single dashboard. Every task is managed and tracked down to the last detail and updates are reflected instantaneously.
One very unique feature that project managers will surely love is its ability to compare a project’s actual vs. planned progress. This enables project managers and team members to see how off or on track they are in relation to the progress of their projects, letting them make the necessary adjustments and changes to ensure that all projects are delivered on time.
Switch to the Timeline view during meetings to visualize progress, review estimates, and spot bottlenecks.
Create your own Custom Workflows to save time spent on hand-offs and bring clarity into processes across cross the teams.
Simplify feedback and approval cycles with full context. Share, edit, review, and approve your files right in Wrike.
Keep track of how time is being spent by project or by team member for accurate planning and budget management.
Create customizable dashboards of the most important projects that include graphs, task statuses, and real-time updates.
Korean, Danish, German, French, Dutch, Italian, Chinese, Hebrew, Russian, Spanish, English, Arabic, Portuguese, Japanese
still in scotland, again a second visit to a city. in the citys i have been the second time there was not much difference to the first visit.
this time there was something to see that was not so nice. just look at the pictures and watch out for the differnece. here you can find the last time-post. a small hint, the differnce is green…
but nevertheless, it was the same small scottish village like last time. but this time with a free wifi and coffee-service in the local church, just for the crew of the mein schiff 2… nice gesture 🙂
Archives Select Month April 2013 (5) March 2013 (11) February 2013 (3) June 2012 (3) May 2012 (2) March 2012 (3) February 2012 (1) November 2010 (8) May 2010 (4) April 2010 (7) March 2010 (4) February 2010 (10) January 2010 (5) December 2009 (2)
MSC Lirica has 794 cabins and 6 cabin categories. See what each category has to offer and read cabin reviews from the community.
Let the stylists at the beauty salon help you turn heads at dinner with the latest looks or a color boost.
At the Broadway Theatre, you can take in everything from lectures and movies to entertaining evening shows.
To help you stay on top of constantly changing prices, we'll shoot you an email whenever the cost of this cruise rises or falls.
*Cruiseline.com is not a booking agent or travel agency, and does not charge any service fees to users of our site. Our partners (travel agencies and cruise lines) provide prices, which we list for our users' convenience. Cruiseline.com does not guarantee any specific rates or prices. While prices are updated daily, please check with the booking site for the exact amount. Cruiseline.com is not responsible for content on external web sites.
Join over a million other cruisers and get weekly advice, news, and deals delivered straight to your inbox!
Join over a million other cruisers and get weekly advice, news, and deals delivered straight to your inbox! You'll also get a free gift — a downloadable, printable PDF of our guide to cruising!
Harmony of the Seas has 2747 cabins and 87 cabin categories. See what each category has to offer and read cabin reviews from the community.
150 Central Park is the most exclusive, fine-dining restaurant on-board. The sophisticated setting is perfect for our contemporary 6-8 course tasting-style menu, which pairs beautifully with our dynamic wine tasting program, and our club-style beverage service.
A pool by day - theater by night, the AquaTheater, is the place to enjoy spectacular water shows, aerial acrobatics and stunning ocean views.
The Art Gallery features original artwork to view, browse, admire, and enjoy. Pop in to find something to take home, or to simply inspire the soul.
Success doesn't just happen. How do you think a person becomes successful? Is it more than money, better connections, better looks, or special talents? What does a successful life look like for you?	You have grasped the idea if you thought the things like working hard, getting an education, showing self-discipline, saving money, caring about others, etc. It is your own daily series of personal choices that leads to success or lack of it. God knows what the very best of these personal choices are, what works and doesn't work in this world.	Judy Douglass outlines in this book 12 of God's best choices, what she calls Secrets of Success. They can be found right in our Bible to show us the best way to live in order to experience true success.
The DS Legend of Zelda games are some of the series’ most forgotten. Eschewing traditional controls for a purely touched-based approach, both Phantom Hourglass and Spirit Tracks split the Zelda community. I for one love their dungeons designs, but think Phantom Hourglass had issues with the central dungeon you had to revisit multiple times, while Spirit Tracks felt too small for a Zelda game and had several frustrating segments. Its central dungeon, however, was pretty good.
Anyway, the latest episode of youtuber Shesez’s series Boundary Break takes a look at some of the tricks that makes Spirit Tracks tick. While there’s a classic movement trick pulled off here (moving the environment around an object instead of moving the object itself in order to simulate movement), there are some more interesting things to observe, such as several rooms reserved exclusively for your chats with a single side character, how objects in the world exist only when they’re in your view (this is fairly common in video game and is known as “culling,” but this is a pretty extreme case).
Next articleNested, the online estate agent that makes home sellers ‘chain-free’, raises further £120M
Are you trying to find effective ways on how to get rid of hemorrhoids? Piles or perhaps hemorrhoids are masses or clumps of inflamed arteries found in the anal or rectal canal. These kinds of people may get bigger, cause pain, shatter, bleed and infect if not treated right away. Hemorrhoids are not only known to be very painful but may also cause burning and severe itching which could be very embarrassing when you are at work. The pain, burning sensation and itching could possibly be so severe, it can affect a person's daily activities; it can also lead to failure to concentrate on tasks and reduced self confidence as you deal with the symptoms in public.
To gain best health advantage, make sure that you include a good amount of fresh fruits and vegetables in your daily diet.
Including fiber wealthy foodstuffs in eating habits will be one of the best recommended ways to take care of hemorrhoids naturally.
Whole grains, oats and beans are some of the best recommended fiber rich food items to improve health.
As per studies, it is found that a person should drink at least eight glasses of water for performing their daily life activities.
Drinking a lot of water not only promotes digestion but in addition improves the overall health of body.
Using a high powered laser, the doctor will vaporize the hemorrhoid. The laser surgery has a shorter recovery time as compared to the traditional removal surgery, where the doctor cuts off the hemorrhoid and then sutures your skin closed. If you take preventive measures, however, you should be able to avoid surgery.
As you wait for bar stool softeners and also fiber to work, severe itching, pain and burning may be relieved with a hot sitz bath. You may purchase a plastic sitz bath which is placed easily on top of the toilet seat or you might use an ordinary basin. Fill this with warm water (not too cold rather than too hot to burn you) and take 15 to be able to 20 minutes allowing the warm water to be able to soak your hemorrhoids. Replace with warm water if needed. Dry the area completely after; you may sit on a hot sitz bath twice to three times a day. Get moving - move around more, avoid a sedentary lifestyle. People who sit around longer due to jobs that require them to do so or people who sits in front of the tv set or a computer monitor all day can develop hemorrhoids or aggravate existing ones.
Another good idea is to a target the cause of the inflammation first. Constipation is the most common cause of piles. Add much more fiber in order to your diet and incorporate exercise into your routine. Exercise oversees bowel movement and fiber adds bulk for a stool while softening it in the process. With this, the hemorrhoid will no longer be under huge pressure and the inflammation will begin to subside.
If you drink a lot more essential fluids and eat an increased amount of fiber, your stools will be softer and easier to pass. Adding fruits and vegetables to your diet plan, as well as whole grains, will also make it easier to pass stools. When it comes to hemorrhoids, less strain means less of a chance to develop hemorrhoids. And if you already are afflicted by hemorrhoids, less tension will help alleviate the symptoms.
A warm bath in the bathtub is a good way to ease the pains of a hemorrhoid. Taking ten minute baths, several times a day in warm (make sure it is not hot) and clean water can bring some relief. There are also some hemorrhoid treatment creams and ointments that can be bought over the counter. Applying these creams and creams to the infected area can help stop the itching and burning. Medicated wipes made for the symptoms of hemorrhoids are also available.
Today, witch hazel will be one of the best used remedies for people suffering from hemorrhoids troubles.
Are Hemorrhoids Painful explainedin depth. Calmovil Hemorrhoid Relief Set includes homeopathic drops, soothing topical cream, and herbal supplement, formulated to help target the source of piles. Calmovil contains the highest quality active ingredients that have been clinically developed to deliver the best results. Calmovil's active ingredients have been used for many years to support proper blood circulation, helping in reducing swelling and support healthy hemorrhoid veins. Improving blood circulation, reducing inflammation and supporting healthy veins has been shown to relieve the symptoms associated with piles.
Hemorrhoids, or perhaps piles, generally subside over time when the cause of it has disappeared. Many people use lotions to relieve the pain and itching that comes with having piles. There are home remedies for hemorrhoids in which treat the symptoms of piles as well as lowering discomfort. The most used remedy for relieving pain is to take a sitz bath. Fill the tub with warm water. Make sure that when you get inside, the warm water covers your buttocks. Stay in water for at least 15 minutes. It is recommended that you do this right after defecating but you are free to do it more often.
There are usually topical creams and also ointments for treating hemorrhoids available in the market.
But before you spend money on any of these, you might want to try some home remedies for hemorrhoids.
Which one is the best cure to treat external hemorrhoids? Do you know the answer? Let's here the details of Pilesgon capsule, one of the best recommended cures to treat external hemorrhoids issues. Almost all ingredients used in this remedy have been used for centuries to treat hemorrhoids difficulties. Some on the list of active ingredients included for the preparation of Pilesgon capsule include sodii biboras, extractum bryophyllum and mesua ferrea. Apart from treating hemorrhoids, it may also help to be able to cure side effects of hemorrhoids like pain, irritation and itching. If there is virtually any problem regarding the use of Pilesgon capsule, never hesitate in order to clarify queries with a certified health expert. At present, including this herbal product in daily diet is a best way in order to cure external hemorrhoids at home.
Curing The problem Of Hemorrhoids There are a lot of different cures that one can find for the problems of hemorrhoids. Hemorrhoids can be of different types as some of them may ooze out blood while others may not be filled with blood. Both the types are generally painful and in...
Apply an ice pack on the arschfick area for about 10 minutes. Place a comfortable compress on the same area afterwards for about 10 in order to Twenty or so minutes. This should be done several times a day. Applying a generous amount of aloe vera or petroleum jelly on the affected area also helps relieve swelling and itching. You would also want to stay away from sitting down and get a day of bed rest. Lying down helps lessen the pressure on your hemorrhoids. It is even better if you lie on your stomach.
Standing up and exercising reduces strain on the anal and rectal canal; with exercise, your colon is at work as well enhancing ability to digest and pass out there stools. Exercise and moving can also lessen weight which may also be a factor in developing hemorrhoids. For pregnant women - pregnancy is one of the leading causes of the development of hemorrhoids in women. Aside from the pressure of the expanding fetus on the anal area, delivery of the baby can tear arschfick muscles and blood vessels causing hemorrhoids. It is hence important to eat much more fiber and drink more water when you are pregnant. Maintaining your weight is also a great way to reduce this condition and may also help keep your blood pressure until you deliver. You may also speak to your doctor for the best ways on how to get rid of hemorrhoids during pregnancy.
Is important as a result to consult your doctor for the best treatment of hemorrhoids once and for all to prevent serious complications. Here are some of the most popular ways on how to get rid of hemorrhoids: Soften stools - you may take stool softeners which may be bought over-the-counter but the ideal way is to eat more soluble fiber in a day. To soften stools and assist move them out of the colon without aggravating hemorrhoids that is advised to increase fluid intake to be able to more than 8 to 10 glasses in a day and to eat more fiber-rich foods (30 to be able to 60 grams a day). Fiber is found in fruits, vegetables, cereals and whole grains.
The term 'piles' refers to the inflammation of one's haemorrhoids, and some remedies work by reducing the redness.
Causes primary way to the formation of external hemorrhoids generally vary from one person to another.
Unnoticed hemorrhoids problem can induce a number of health problems in future life of particular person.
Itching, burning and injuring are some of the common side effects reported due to unconsidered hemorrhoids difficulties.
The symptoms of hemorrhoids can intensify with time, so it is important that you find the right hemorrhoid treatment at the first sign of a problem.
Will show you an Easy Method Cures Hemorrhoids Safely in 48 Hours, Already PROVEN By Thousands To Have Eliminated Pain & Embarrassment For Good ..."Are you sick of constricting your daily diet or perhaps work - hoping for relief? Plus, all of the other "management" burdens of the on your daily life? Click here for Hemorrhoid Cure Natural Way.
Hilton is a marketer at weddeldirect.com, a web site about health, lifestyle and fitness. Last year, Hilton worked as a consultant for a health company. When he's not researching content, Hilton enjoys backpacking and rock climbing.
Kemppi X8 MIG Welder is engineered to meet even the most extreme expectations of industrial welding.
Generated in 0.028 seconds in which 0.012 seconds were spent on a total of 9 queries. Zlib compression enabled.
--type The value of this switch determines whether the process is started as a renderer or plugin host. If it's empty, it's the browser.
--disable-metrics-reporting Disables only the sending of metrics reports. In contrast to kDisableMetrics, this executes all the code that a normal client would use for reporting, except the report is dropped rather than sent to the server.
--plugin-launcher Specifies a command that should be used to launch the plugin process. Useful for running the plugin process through purify or quantify.
--channel The value of this switch tells the child process which IPC channel the browser expects to use to communicate with it.
--testing-channel The value of this switch tells the app to listen for and broadcast testing-related messages on IPC channel with the given ID.
--homepage The value of this switch specifies which page will be displayed in newly-opened tabs. We need this for testing purposes so that the UI tests don't depend on what comes up for http://google.com.
--start-renderers-manually When this switch is present, the browser will throw up a dialog box asking the user to start a renderer process independently rather than launching the renderer itself. (This is useful for debugging.)
--process-per-tab Runs each set of script-connected tabs (i.e., a BrowsingInstance) in its own renderer process. We default to using a renderer process for each site instance (i.e., group of pages from the same registered domain with script connections to each other).
--process-per-site Runs a single process for each site (i.e., group of pages from the same registered domain) the user visits. We default to using a renderer process for each site instance (i.e., group of pages from the same registered domain with script connections to each other).
--user-data-dir Specifies the user data directory, which is where the browser will look for all of its state.
--upload-file Specifies the file that should be uploaded to the provided application. This switch is expected to be used with --app option.
--geoid The GeoID we should use. This is normally obtained from the operating system during first run and cached in the preferences afterwards. This is a numeric value; see http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms776390.aspx .
--lang The language file that we want to try to open. Of the form language[-country] where language is the 2 letter code from ISO-639.
--automation-channel The value of this switch tells the app to listen for and broadcast automation-related messages on IPC channel with the given ID.
--show-icons Make Windows happy by allowing it to show "Enable access to this program" checkbox in Add/Remove Programs->Set Program Access and Defaults. This only shows an error box because the only way to hide Chrome is by uninstalling it.
--dns-prefetch-disable Chrome will support prefetching of DNS information. Until this becomes the default, we'll provide a command line switch.
--allow-all-activex Allow initialization of all activex controls. This is only to help website developers test their controls to see if they are compatible in Chrome.
Note there's a duplicate value in activex_shared.cc (to avoid dependency on chrome module). Please change both locations at the same time.
--memory-profile Enable dynamic loading of the Memory Profiler DLL, which will trace all memory allocations during the run.
Does chrome really need multiple memory models? No. But we get a lot of concerns from individuals about how the changes work on *their* system, and we need to be able to experiment with a few choices.
--enable-file-cookies By default, cookies are not allowed on file://. They are needed in for testing, for example page cycler and layout tests. See bug 1157243.
TODO(pjohnson): Remove this once bug 1137420 is fixed. We are using this as a workaround for not being able to use moveTo and resizeTo on a top-level window.
--enable-watchdog Spawn threads to watch for excessive delays in specified message loops. User should set breakpoints on Alarm() to examine problematic thread.
--first-run Display the First Run experience when the browser is started, regardless of whether or not it's actually the first run.
--message-loop-histogrammer Enable histograming of tasks served by MessageLoop. See about:histograms/Loop for results, which show frequency of messages on each thread, including APC count, object signalling count, etc.
--disable-prompt-on-repost Normally when the user attempts to navigate to a page that was the result of a post we prompt to make sure they want to. This switch may be used to disable that check. This switch is used during automated testing.
Very good pov and composition. I believe you need a stairs in order to take this shot. Very well done and TFS.
An artistic composition with the tight cropping the the center of the plant. You have really brought out the unique patterns and detail here. All lines lead you from the center to the edges all the way around. Nice look to this.
Nice shot Ben. Great detail and composition, though I do find it a little disorienting (good thing I don't have vertigo).
You are going to watch UQ Holder!: Mahou Sensei Negima! 2 Episode 2 english dubbed / subbed online for free.This episode is our 46327 release.
Our website Cool Sex Date will help you if you are looking for sexual practices, adult games like swinging, casual dating in Las Cruces, BDSM and many other pleasure experiences. If you have an interest in a sex dating and affairs, looking for a perfect sex partner, one night sex – you will definitely find it here. Our site is specially designed so that you can easily find your particular sexual match to satisfy your deepest fantasies. Our content will satisfy the most demanding of you – large photo gallery, members’ blogs, videos, live chats, etc. Joining our Cool Sex Date, Las Cruces site you will immediately become a part of a great social sexual network of people sharing same interests with you – casual sex, adult erotic games and anything you want.
Come and join us – plenty of singles, swingers, cheating wives, couples, men and women are already waiting for you. Anytime you feel like having sex date, Las Cruces and ready for casual but safe sex night – you will find your match for a hot hookup very fast – do not waste your time in the bars or in the nightclubs – we already made a good job for you. We save your time and give you plenty of opportunities to get heavenly pleasure!
We are a white, attractive, fit, professional, clean and discreet couple. We're looking for tonight - possibly other nights this weekend too. We are in our early 30s - he's 30, she's 33. We're looking for another guy or couple to join us for some adult fun in the bedroom. We prefer to host. We live in NW Hickory - Viewmont area. We have pics and prefer that you do to. 100% real here. Yes, we have pics that we can share. We promise you will not be disappointed!!! Change subject to a color and please be serious about actually meeting.
Handsome, Very Fit & Openminded Guy in Kingston seeks casual adult fun with ladies living or visiting the area. This could be a NSA one-time encounter or occasional on-going encounter whatever works for you. I am discreet & private and respectful of all limits. I am an average, laid-back type of guy that enjoys sexual activity and exploring various fantasies & role-play scenario. So feel free to contact me if any of this interests you and lets see what develops
Quantitative Aptitude Quantum CAT Common Admission Tests for Admission into IIMs ebook free download
Quantitative Aptitude Quantum CAT Common Admission Tests for Admission into IIMs free download pdf ebook
Quantitative Aptitude Quantum CAT Common Admission Tests for Admission into IIMs Free kindle edition
The Aadhaar Effect: Why the World’s Largest Identity Project Matters The Aadhaar Effect is a journalistic account of one of the biggest and bold transformational projects in […]
All right, now that we added some missing bricks, like Y’CbCr to RGB , we can finish our contrast enhancement started in the post Contrast enhancement – part 1/2. The goal is to tweak poor contrast images, like this one: And to make these pictures automatically and reasonably contrasted: So let’s summarize, the idea is […]
Processing.js is very handy, and it is very cool to run your sketches in your browser. I was looking around for one easy way to embed a sketch into a WordPress page or post, and found a good option. I used the Processing JS plugin, written by Keyvan Minoukadeh. You can get it from this […]
Before finishing the contrast enhancement started in previous post, we need to add a Y’CbCr to RGB function. It will allow us to close the loop : RGB=>Y’CbCr=>contrast enhancement on Y’=>RGB. One easy modification we can do while in Y’CbCr domain is modifying color saturation by multiplying Cb and Cr by a common gain. Finally, […]
In the previous image processing posts, we built a luma histogram from a RGB picture. In the next posts, we will work on contrast enhancement. We will use the luma channel, and define 2 luma stretch points, one on the dark side, one on the bright side. So all the pixels having a luma value […]
In the previous post we created 3 channels from the RGB original picture : Y’, Cb, and Cr. We will now look that the luma histogram, so using the Y’ channel computed in previous post. What is an histogram ? It is a graphical representation of the pixel value distribution in a picture. It could […]
Now the fun part : the implementation using Processing.js We will load the original picture as in the previous example: img = loadImage(“Yosemite.jpg”); Then we will go through all the pixels by 2 loops: for (int y = 0; y < img.height; y++) { //we loop through every line for (int x = 0; x […]
Ok this week let’s try something a little bit more useful than random manipulation of one picture. Starting from the same beautiful Yosemite picture, we will convert it from RGB color space to Y’CbCr color space. Many websites can help you to get more background on Y’CbCr color spaces, and commonly called “YUV”. I am […]
Processing is a famous language for Digital Artists and Makers. It is based on Java, but now Javascript is also supported by the regular Processing IDE. It is using the canvas element from HTML5, and most of the Java code was ported to run in Javascript only. I tried a quick example. In this example […]
I just donated to @Wikipedia. Support free knowledge! #iloveWikipedia https://t.co/faIBLlapq6 2 weeks ago
RT @MarciRobin: I bought a car today, and the dealership had me check off — with a pen, on paper — that I’m not a robot. https://t.co/x6nJ6… 6 months ago retweeted via MarciRobin
@mrbrual He pushed his bike at the San Marino Grand Prix, not COTA. And got 1 point by the way. At COTA2017 he placed 5th 7 months ago
The first two blog posts responding to Matt Slick's article "Acts 2:38 and Baptism" can be found here:
"On the contrary, baptism is excluded from the gospel message. Paul said that he came to preach the gospel--not to baptize: 'I am thankful that I did not baptize any of you except Crispus and Gaius, so no one can say that you were baptized into my name. (Yes, I also baptized the household of Stephanas; beyond that, I don't remember if I baptized anyone else). For Christ did not send me to baptize, but to preach the gospel...' (1 Cor. 1:14-17)."
Except that Slick totally missed Paul's point here. The apostle's point wasn't that baptism doesn't save, but that Paul didn't save anybody, and the fact Paul didn't baptize hardly anyone proved that.
If baptism isn't salvation, using the argument he didn't baptize but a few would be immaterial to his point salvation wasn't of Paul. The context of the whole passage wasn't dealing whether or not baptism saves but dealing with cliques in the church where some were saying they were saved by Paul, Apollos, or Peter.
And Paul responded in verse 13: "Is Christ divided? Was Paul crucified for you? Were you baptized in the name of Paul? 14 I thank God that I did not baptize any of you except Crispus and Gaius."
The context wasn't Paul didn't baptize because baptism doesn't save anyone but he didn't baptize to keep folks from thinking Paul did the saving. He was trying to show that they weren't saved by the name of Paul in baptism. In fact, he said just as he wasn't crucified for their sins, baptism wasn't administered in his name. If Paul not baptizing in this context meant baptism doesn't save, by that logic, the fact Paul didn't die for our sins meant what was done on the Cross wasn't saving.
The text is saying the exact opposite of what Slick wanted it to say. More, it is fallacious to make the claim just because Paul didn't baptize, that meant they weren't baptized for the forgiveness of sins. The apostle wasn't minimizing the role of baptism in our salvation but was minimizing his own role.
In fact in the same epistle (chapter 6, verse 11), he would go on to say they were washed in the name of Jesus and by the Holy Spirit. Throughout Acts, they were baptized in Jesus' name (that isn't denial baptism is done in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, by the way). Paul indeed was alluding to baptism in saying it is the Visible means God used to wash away sins by joining those baptized to Christ, by the Holy Spirit.
That is seemingly the usual go to passage folks use to try to explain away many other baptismal texts that say baptism is indeed God's grace to unite us with Christ and His forgiveness, through faith. Sad.
"Likewise, Paul told us exactly what the gospel that saves is; he said in 1 Cor. 15:1-4, 'Now I make known to you, brethren, the gospel which I preached to you, which also you received, in which also you stand, 2 by which also you are saved, if you hold fast the word which I preached to you, unless you believed in vain. 3 For I delivered to you as of first importance what I also received, that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, 4 and that He was buried, and that He was raised on the third day according to the Scriptures.'
Note what Paul states in the gospel, and that he did not include baptism in the definition of the gospel."
Paul did in 1 Corinthians 6:11 (and other places) include baptism in his definition of the gospel. And he did so blatantly, but not in the way Slick caricatured baptismal regenerationists. It isn't grace plus baptism. Nor faith plus baptism. But God's free and pure grace of baptism that delivers Christ's forgiveness to us and delivers the faith to receive that forgiveness.
And as pointed out repeatedly, Slick refuted himself earlier in the article when he said to be baptized means to passively receive.
And, yes, Paul did use the word "receive" in the text he cited here. So, if we go by what he said baptism really means which is to receive in passive way (and Slick was more right then he realized), then the Pauline passage does tell us of baptismal grace which means passive receiving of the good news that Christ died for us.
Not to mention Paul spoke of baptism in terms of gospel as in regards to Christ crucified and His forgiveness many times: Acts 22:16 (in regards to in a speech recoded by Luke describing his own baptism washing away his sins while he called on Christ), Romans 6:1-4, 1 Corinthians 6:11, Galatians 3:26-29, Colossians 2:11-13, Ephesians 5:25-27 and Titus 3:4-7.
Not to mention other parts of the New Testament treat baptism, not law and not our works: 1 Peter 3:21, Mark 16:16, Hebrews 10:22, 1 John 5:7, and Revelation 22:17.
"So, we must ask if baptism is necessary for salvation, then why did Paul downplay it and even exclude it from the description of what is required for salvation? It is because baptism isn't necessary for salvation."
Paul didn't downplayed baptism but downplayed himself in regards to our salvation. That is like saying he downplayed the role of the Cross when he denied he died for us in same context he denied we were baptized in the name of Paul.
So he didn't exclude baptism from salvation. He excluded himself from the one who did the saving. At no point did he denied they got baptized in saving manner, but simply denied he was the one who administered it so no one can say, "Paul's the Savior."
"Further proof that baptism is not a requirement of salvation can be found in Acts 10:44-46. Peter was preaching the gospel, people became saved, and then they were baptized. Acts 10:44-48 says,
'While Peter was still speaking these words, the Holy Spirit came on all who heard the message. The circumcised believers who had come with Peter were astonished that the gift of the Holy Spirit had been poured out even on the Gentiles. For they heard them speaking in tongues and praising God. Then Peter said, Can anyone keep these people from being baptized with water? They have received the Holy Spirit just as we have.' So he ordered that they be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ. Then they asked Peter to stay with them for a few days.' NIV).
"These people were saved. The gift of the Holy Spirit was on the Gentiles, and they were speaking in tongues. This is significant because tongues is a gift given to believers, see 1 Cor. 14:1-5. Also, unbelievers don't praise God. They can't because praise to the true God is a deep spiritual matter that is foreign to the unsaved (1 Cor. 2:14). Therefore, the ones in Acts 10:44-46 who are speaking in tongues and praising God are definitely saved, and they are saved before they are baptized. This isn't an exception. It is a reality. This proves that baptism is not necessary for salvation, and that Acts 2:38 is not teaching it is necessity either. But, if it isn't saying that, then why is baptism mentioned here?"
To simply use this one example then say that proves in every case in Acts and everywhere else in the Bible, reception of forgiveness of sins and the Holy Spirit precedes baptism so as to say baptism has nothing to do with any's salvation is not only unsound but very highly irresponsible use of the passage. It is simply flat out not true.
All this passage shows is that not in all cases does rebirth occurs in baptism. The vast majority of those who affirmed baptismal regeneration don't even hold to regeneration must always take place in baptism, so Slick was arguing against a strawman.
Let's cite two examples that show Slick was wrong to make it out as if regeneration and reception of the Holy Spirit only takes place prior to baptism
5 On hearing this, they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus. 6 When Paul placed his hands on them, the Holy Spirit came on them, and they spoke in tongues[b] and prophesied.
Another example had the washing away of sins and even faith itself in Christ taking place in baptism:
14 “Then he said: ‘The God of our ancestors has chosen you to know his will and to see the Righteous One and to hear words from his mouth. 15 You will be his witness to all people of what you have seen and heard. 16 And now what are you waiting for? Get up, be baptized and wash your sins away, calling on his name.’"
So pretty much Slick had to pick and choose from Acts to the exclusion of all other baptismal examples and then passed it off as the same rule for all of them when that wasn't the case.
Baptism is a means of grace by which we receive Christ alone for our salvation. Such passages were never intended to add works to our salvation but show us how we can be objectively sure in real time and in real place by grace alone through faith alone, we are joined to Christ and His forgiveness alone.
The previous post response to Matt Slick's article entitled "Baptism and Acts 2:38" can be found here:
"All people are commanded to repent for their sins. This is what believers have already done by becoming Christians. "
Can't say "for the forgiveness of sins" doesn't mean actually to receive forgiveness of sins, to get around that statement connected to "be baptized" for that purpose, then turn around and say "for" is to have sins forgiven in regards to repent in the same context.
"Baptism, then, is the outward identification with being a Christian for those who have already repented."
Except that isn't what the text says. And making mutually contradictory arguments don't begin to demonstrate that at all.
"Also, as the Israelites were 'baptized into Moses' (1 Cor. 10:2), so too, Christians are baptized into Jesus. That is, they are identifying themselves, publicly, with Christ."
If to be baptized is to passively receive how is it at the same time us doing something to publicly identify ourselves with Christ?
Can't have it both ways. If baptism isn't what we do (which is true) but is passive reception (also true), then it isn't us giving ourselves to display our faith (and nowhere does Acts 2:38 or any other text suggest that).
If to be baptized is to passively receive, not our own doing, as he pointed out at the beginning of his article, then to be baptized into Christ is to passively received Christ Himself.
That's why it is stated in the previous blog response, that Slick actually is making our case rather than refuting it by arguing for the phrase "be baptized" means passive reception, not our doing.
"Likewise, in Rom. 6:1-5 where baptism is related to death, burial, and resurrection, it is again an identification with Christ in His death, burial, and resurrection. "
Except Romans 6:1-5 doesn't actually say baptism is related to death, burial and resurrection. It says we are buried with Christ in baptism itself and raised with Him to newness of life.
"That is why it is said of Christians that we have died to sin (Rom. 6:2, 11; Gal. 2:19-20; Col. 2:20; Col. 3:3; 1 Pet. 2:24)."
Paul said we die to sins daily as result of being buried with Christ in baptism and raised with Him to newness of life.
"Justification is the work of God where the righteousness of Jesus is reckoned to the sinner; so the sinner is declared, by God, as being righteous under the Law (Rom. 4:3; 5:1,9; Gal. 2:16; 3:11). This righteousness is not earned or retained by any effort of the saved. Justification is an instantaneous occurrence with the result being eternal life. It is based completely and solely upon Jesus' sacrifice on the cross (1 Pet. 2:24) and is received by faith alone (Rom. 4:5; 5:1; Eph. 2:8-9). No works are necessary whatsoever to obtain justification. Otherwise, it is not a gift (Rom. 6:23). Therefore, we are justified by faith (Rom. 5:1)."
While what he stated there is biblically true, he was using that to erect a strawman that those who affirm baptismal regeneration automatically hold to baptism as adding our works to be saved and justified.
The problem is this: he refuted any idea baptism is a good work we do when we are baptized the moment he correctly said at the beginning of his article that to be baptized is in passive sense of us receiving. If we are passively receiving, we aren't doing. That means it isn't our good work when we are baptized.
"Nowhere in the Bible does it state that we are justified by grace and baptism or faith and baptism or faith and anything else."
Complete and utter strawman that Lutherans and other Christians, who historically affirm baptismal regeneration, don't remotely even hold to.
The view is baptism itself God's grace to us by which He delivers forgiveness of sins won by Christ at the Cross to us. Faith passively receives what God gives by His grace in baptism. It is not faith plus baptism, but faith receives passively the benefits God brings us via such outward means, which is delivery of Christ's forgiveness to us.
Luther himself saw baptism as outward means of reception of Christ's forgiveness as in fact safeguarding grace alone through faith alone in Christ alone. It's purely God's grace to us.
And there are indeed passages that do speak of baptism as God's regenerating grace to join us to Christ and to work faith unto us to receive Christ.
For example, Colossians 2:11-13 states to be buried with Christ and raised with Him to newness of life is to made alive with Christ when we are dead in our sins. What does it mean for God to make us alive with Christ when we are dead in sins? Ephesians 2:1-8 answers by saying to be made alive with Christ when we are to be dead in sins is God's grace, and God's grace is what gives us faith as a gift, not of ourselves. Baptism is God's grace. And it is God's grace alone to us to give us faith that joins us to Christ.
While discussing the issue of baptism with several friends online, some have posted an article by Matthew Slick of CARM entitled "Baptism and Acts 2:38".
Slick made a lot of fallacious and strawman arguments, that will be addressed here and in future articles, against baptismal regeneration as held to by Lutherans as well as by historic Christianity.
The format in this response will be that Slick's each of statements from his article will be in quotes followed by my response.
"Peter said to them, “Repent, and each of you be baptized in the name of Jesus Christ for the forgiveness of your sins; and you will receive the gift of the Holy Spirit." (Acts 2:38).
"Acts 2:38 is one of the more controversial verses in the Bible regarding baptism and whether or not it is the requirement for salvation. Some use this verse to say that one must be baptized in order to be saved. But when you look at the verse, and others, you will see that it does not teach baptismal regeneration, that baptism saves, or that baptism is necessary for salvation."
And I like to point out the biblical data gives us the exact opposite conclusion from what the article is claiming.
And Slick starts out with a complete and utter strawman. No one, who holds to baptismal regeneration, base their view on that one passage alone, and he ought to know that if he is an apologist. Many other texts are cited including 1 Peter 3:21, Mark 16:16, Romans 6:1-4, Colossians 2:11-13, Galatians 3:27-29, Ephesians 5:25-27, etc.
Simply making a spurious claim as he did to make the view look easily refutable as if it is based on one verse actually says more against his position than what he is trying to refute.
"We need to look at all of what God's words says about a subject in order to accurately understand what it teaches."
"In Acts 2:38 the main verb is metanoesate (change mind), the aorist direct imperative (a command) of metanoeo which means to repent (change mind). This refers to that initial repentance of the sinner unto salvation. The verb translated "
'be baptized' is in the indirect passive imperative (a command to receive; hence, passive voice in Greek1) of baptizo, which does not give it the same direct command implied in "repent.' The preposition "for' in the phrase 'for the remission of sins' in Greek is 'eis,' unto or into, and it is in the accusative case (direct object). It can mean 'for the purpose of identifying you with the remission of sins.' It is the same preposition we find in 1 Cor. 10:2 in the phrase 'and were baptized unto Moses.' Note that both contexts are dealing with baptism and identification. In 1 Cor. 10:2 the people were baptized or spiritually identifying themselves with the purposes and vision of Moses.'"
Consider first he said the clause "be baptized" is in the passive sense to mean receive. He didn't even deny the word "for" really does mean for (many Baptists argue it really means "because of" to get around the text). So if he said (correctly) to be baptized is in passive sense to mean receive and if he connected that to for forgiveness of sins, he can't then turn around and then claimed as he did "be baptized" in passive sense once one repents isn't for forgiveness of sins.
His suggestion was that it can be mean for the purpose of identifying with forgiveness of sins. He tried to use 1 Corinthians 10:1-4 where the same word is used in regards to them being baptized unto Moses. Problem is unto and for still mean unto and for, and when connected to the phrase "forgiveness of sins," you end up with the statement "be baptized unto forgiveness of sins" or "be baptized for forgiveness of sins." Such an argument actually proves what baptismal regenerationists historically assert: one baptism for the forgiveness of sins.
He said 1 Corinthians 10:1-4 means spiritually identified themselves with purposes and visions of Moses. If we apply that line of argument to Acts 2:38, be baptized would be identifying spiritually with forgiveness of sins.
So that proves be baptized isn't for forgiveness of sins? Here's the problem. If we accept his argument, that actually results in digging a bigger hole for his position.
It is not spiritually identified with forgiveness that Christ gives if it is not salvation by grace through faith itself. When we are saved, we are joined to Christ and we are identified spiritually with Christ, as Galatians 3:27-29. (And that text indeed does say, baptism through faith joins us to Christ and clothes us with Him.)
"Repentance, therefore, is presented as identifying an individual with the remission of his sins even as baptism following repentance provides an external identification visible by others."
Slick said in the previous paragraph the clause "be baptized" is in passive sense for or unto forgiveness of sins as meaning to be spiritually identified with forgiveness of sins. Now he said baptism isn't to identity spiritually with forgiveness of sins (contradicting the last sentence of the previous paragraph especially) but external identification for others to see. Besides contradicting everything he just said, the text does not (nor any other text) say baptism is for external identification visible by others.
Perhaps, he realized the logical implications of what he said in the previous paragraph would validate baptismal regeneration so has to deny what he just said.
But that is exactly the problem when he can't take the text at face value. He was forced to try use arguments to get around it, even if the arguments are self-contradictory, self-refuting, and even times have implications that actually go against what he is trying to argue.
" That is why baptistheto (let be immersed) is in the passive voice indicating that one does not baptize himself but is baptized by another usually in the presence of others. Repentance, however, is an act taking place within a person's heart as the Holy Spirit moves in the sinner."
There are several problems: 1) not every baptismal examples in Acts are done in the presence of others, 2) the fact baptism is passive reception actually refutes his arguments of baptismal regeneration adding works to our salvation, 3) what follows repent and be baptized for the forgiveness of sins in Acts 2:38 is the actual reception of the Holy Spirit so his claim the Holy Spirit does not work via baptism is refuted there, as is dividing the water of baptism from the Holy Spirit.
The rest of his article will be dealt with in future responses but let's add the fact to be baptized is in the passive for reception removes it from being our work (so any argument used to that effect that to hold to baptism saves adds works to our salvation is null and void on that basis). We are the receivers. It is faith that receives forgiveness of sins.
Faith itself is passive reception of forgiveness of sins Christ won for us. Since baptism is itself passive receiving, that makes it faith itself that passively receives Christ's forgiveness and the Holy Spirit as a result as well.
The Lutheran approach to election is that such passages on the topic are written for our assurance, that in Christ, salvation lies entirely outside of our powers (hence alien/imputed righteousness) and in the hand of God. We didn't choose Christ, but Christ chose us.
We hold to while the elect are those who will in the end be saved, it does not mean we can speculate and go beyond what is hidden to us in regards to God's inscrutable will. What does that mean? The rational approach would be to assume since salvation is all of God and election is of some, it must mean God doesn't desire to save all.
Luther rejected that. He warned against such thinking in his Bondage of the Will, his sermons, his Commentary on Genesis, etc. To him the hidden God must be distinguished from the revealed God. The revealed God is the Incarnate God who took on flesh via the virgin birth, obeyed the law on our behalf, and paid the penalty for our sins on the Cross. That revealed God is our Gospel who comes to us in Word and Sacrament. And He desires to save all yet not all are saved.
Why are some saved and some aren't if God wants to save all and salvation is entirely all of God, not of anything in our fallen enslaved wills? That is where Luther said we are to shut our mouth since it is forbidden for us to inquire into. To him, the hidden God is the God of law who hides Himself from us sinners, since no one can see Him and live.
So in that very sense, his distinction between the hidden God and the revealed God is tied to his distinction between law and gospel.
To him, the gospel is Christ crucified for us. And that is the Word of salvation that Christ comes to all with in the mean of grace. And the fault rests with those who does not receive Him. In other words, while salvation is all of God, damnation is entirely on us. God's will to save is indeed earnest.
Luther refused to get into the thinking if God doesn't save all, He must be a weak God. It is enough for us to know that He who elects us is able to both convert and keep us.
And for Luther, holding to salvation is all of God while affirming He wants all to be saved are actually twin ways he saw as assurance to us.
In his view, even if God's word that Christ died for us is rejected when God works grace on us via Word and Sacrament , it still stands. It isn't contingent on our faith or not for it to be true. Why is it assurance to him?
In his view, what's true for all (God's atonement and saving will/grace) becomes objectively true for us personally. In other words, in his view, we can only know Christ died for us personally only if He died for all. Likewise, we can only know He desires to save us with His grace if He truly wants to do so for all.
Luther rejected any idea we can have assurance God wants to save us or Christ died for us if we look to own faith. To him, that would be faith in own faith. In his view, faith alone looks outside ourselves. Look outside to what? To the salvation that lies outside as given unto us in Word and Sacrament.
To him, salvation being all of God tells us we can't look inwards to be assured given if we are honest with ourselves, we can only see the very sinners that needed to be redeemed in the first place which isn't assuring. Likewise, God's earnest desire to save and His providing atonement for all means we don't have to look at own faith or anything insides ourselves to see if He died for us or wants to save. It is objectively true based on fact it is for all. And what is objectively true means we can look outside ourselves, not inwards. Hence, faith alone clings to what God gives and offers in Word and Sacrament, that is Christ's work being delivered.
And that brings me to my next point: Lutheran election is both Christological and sacramental. In Luther's view, our predestination shines when we can say, "I am baptized. I am God's dear child because of that." Or when the words of absolution are spoken to assure forgiveness that Christ won at the Cross is still with us. Or when He delivers His Body and Blood in the Eucharist. He is truly present in Word and Sacrament to deliver Himself and His forgiveness for our outwards, objective assurance. And we rest assured in Christ given unto from outside ourselves in Word and Sacrament, we have assurance we are of the elect- in Christ.
Finally, Luther's doctrine of a true believer can fall away in the end and be lost, but God will preserve His elect is an extension of his doctrines of hidden God/revealed God distinction, law and gospel distinction, and understanding of the objective Word being true and remaining true for all even if rejected.
He affirmed that if a person falls away in the end, it isn't because God doesn't desire to save such a person if we go by revealed will. Why some remain in the faith and some aren't is again none of our business.
The passages exist on assurance and apostasy as law and gospel passages. Apostasy warning passages are really law passages to warn a believer who has fallen into sin and is comfortable in that sin to afflict him with need for contrition and desire for forgiveness. Assurance passages (including election ones) are really gospel passages to assure and comfort those who feel weigh of their sin and desire the forgiveness the gospel offers.
This law and gospel message also applies to how to preach to the lost as well. And the two go hand in hand in that instance. The lost needs law to know need for forgiveness and needs to hear gospel that shows God's love to have forgiveness provided and available to them if they repent and receive by grace through faith alone.
That was Luther's view of what God's word of salvation say. And such Word in his view makes the sacrament. And it remains true even if one takes it in bad or no faith (as in Judas).
Luther, while predestinarian in view, would have us look to God's objective word given to us from outside ourselves in the means of grace. And we find comfort in Christ crucified for our sins with us, we found and locate our predestination. What he opposed doing is make predestination the central focus and in fact forbid debating over the subject. He feared speculations into it leading to either freewill synergism or limited atonement can undercut assurance (and indeed railed against both).
Lauderdale House is now inviting submissions from UK-wide lesbian and gay professional artists for the 13th annual Pride in the House exhibition, which runs from Wednesday 26 August until Sunday 20 September 2015.
The House of Ho is celebrating Pride 2015 with an all-day party at their Vietnamese restaurant in Soho, on Saturday 27 June.
Lush and All Out have joined forces to campaign for LGBT equality and aim to raise £250,000 to support global activists.
Starbucks is the latest company to sign up as a leading sponsor of this year’s Pride in London festival.
IT leader chooses to honour pioneering computer scientist Alan Turing as part of this year's theme: Pride Heroes
The Orange Is The New Black actress and British singer will be making appearances at this year’s Pride Festival.
The best-known gay choir in Europe will perform live to shoppers in two rather unique venues this month.
G-A-Y's bouncers have been given a special Pride makeover by Smirnoff, complete with rainbow-coloured sparkles.
A new free online STI test service is transforming public sexual health services by providing home STI tests and results within a week.
This year's annual giving campaign is dedicated to building the Howard Ingber Outdoor Classroom. The Outdoor Classroom will increase outdoor instruction opportunities for all grades, in areas such as Nature Study, Botany, Mapping and Science main lesson blocks with a dry space for writing and drawing activities, close to the garden and the field. Our garden program will have greater capacity for activities regardless of the weather, and students will have a place to relax during recess.
We believe that the Outdoor Classroom will be an important boon to our students and teachers, and a fitting testament to Howard Ingber‘s dedication to establishing a facility for our school. Thank you in advance for your support of our school and the Howard Ingber Outdoor Classroom!
Our goal is to raise at least $15,000 and 100% participation from families. The good news is that friends of Howard have already collected $2,800. Pledge forms are available in the office. To make a donation online, please go to Support Us
Who was Howard Ingber? Howard Ingber has a special place in the hearts of all people at The Village School who knew him. He was Ms. Kay Cosby’s partner for over 30 years. In the 10 year’s before he died in 2012, Howard worked tirelessly to help us develop and implement a plan to acquire a building of our own. He loved the arts, music, people from all over the world, and he truly loved our school.
When opportunities arise for foundation or corporate funding, one of the first questions we are asked is how much support we receive from the families who benefit directly from their involvement with The Village School. If we can say that 100% of our families support the Annual Giving Program, our success in obtaining grants will be significantly increased.
To apply, download the application for enrollment for the 2018-2019 school year (.docx) or (PDF). Return applications to the school office at 3411 Willamette St, Eugene OR 97405, or via email to village@4j.lane.edu .
​The lottery for the 2018-2019 school year was held on March 16, 2018. Lottery results are available in the office. We do accept applications throughout the year, and any applications received after the lottery will be placed at the end of the grade's waitlist.
If you are unable to attend a meeting, please click on this link to watch a short video that reviews some of the unique elements of the Village School curriculum.
Reminder: All applicants on the current school year's waitlist will need to re-apply each year to be included in that year's lottery. The lottery happens every March for the following school year's classes. If you have specific questions, please contact Tristin at 541-345-7285 ext 402.
The Village School maintains an enrollment process and lottery independent of Eugene District 4J and is not included in the 4J School Choice process. ​​
To provide parents with information to protect their children’s health, Oregon state law now requires school immunization rates to be published, beginning during the 2015–16 school year. Please follow this link to see The Village School's current Immunization and Exemption Rates.
Psychometric characteristics of “physician-nurse communication scale” in medication errors based on Reason Model
Causes of non- impact continuing education on quality of intensive nursing care in open heart surgery
Assessing the relationship between psychological empowerment and nurses’ organizational trust: exploring the mediating role of organizational learning
Nurses’ empathy with patient: the effect of perceived social supports and ethical responsibility to patient
Assessing the prevalence of organizational procrastination and the associated factors among nursing and midwifery staff
Somebody necessarily help to make significantly articles I’d state. This is the first time I frequented your web page and so far? I amazed with the analysis you made to create this particular post extraordinary. Magnificent job!
I do consider all the ideas you’ve introduced to your post. They are very convincing and can certainly work. Still, the posts are too brief for newbies. Could you please extend them a little from next time? Thank you for the post.
Greetings! I’ve been following your website for a long time now and finally got the courage to go ahead and give you a shout out from Austin Tx! Just wanted to say keep up the fantastic work!
Nice read, I just passed this onto a friend who was doing some research on that. And he actually bought me lunch because I found it for him smile Therefore let me rephrase that: Thank you for lunch! “High living and high thinking are poles apart.” by B. J. Gupta.
Hello.This post was really remarkable, particularly since I was looking for thoughts on this matter last Wednesday.
I do trust all the ideas you’ve offered to your post. They are very convincing and will certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are too brief for newbies. May just you please prolong them a little from next time? Thanks for the post.
Real fantastic info can be found on site . “Society produces rogues, and education makes one rogue more clever than another.” by Oscar Fingall O’Flahertie Wills Wilde.
I was examining some of your posts on this site and I conceive this website is real informative ! Retain putting up.
I do agree with all of the ideas you’ve presented in your post. They are very convincing and will certainly work. Still, the posts are too short for beginners. Could you please extend them a little from next time? Thanks for the post.
Have you ever thought about adding a little bit more than just your articles? I mean, what you say is valuable and all. Nevertheless think of if you added some great photos or video clips to give your posts more, “pop”! Your content is excellent but with pics and videos, this site could undeniably be one of the best in its field. Wonderful blog!
Definitely, what a magnificent blog and enlightening posts, I surely will bookmark your website.All the Best!
Many thanks for this article. I’d also like to convey that it can end up being hard when you find yourself in school and simply starting out to initiate a long credit score. There are many scholars who are simply just trying to live and have a long or positive credit history can often be a difficult element to have.
Hey, you used to write fantastic, but the last several posts have been kinda boring… I miss your super writings. Past several posts are just a little out of track! come on!
I really like your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you make this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz respond as I’m looking to create my own blog and would like to know where u got this from. cheers
Hi there! I know this is somewhat off topic but I was wondering which blog platform are you using for this site? I’m getting tired of WordPress because I’ve had issues with hackers and I’m looking at options for another platform. I would be awesome if you could point me in the direction of a good platform.
Pretty great post. I simply stumbled upon your blog and wished to mention that I’ve really loved browsing your blog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing in your feed and I am hoping you write once more soon!
You completed a few nice points there. I did a search on the subject matter and found nearly all persons will agree with your blog.
Hey there! I know this is sort of off-topic, but I’d figured I would ask. Could you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest authoring a blog post or vice-versa? My blog goes over a lot of the very same subjects as yours and that I believe we can greatly benefit from each other. Should you just happen to be curious, don’t hesitate to shoot me an email. I look forward to hearing from you! Great blog by the way!
Thanks for sharing your ideas here. The other factor is that whenever a problem comes up with a pc motherboard, people should not take the risk involving repairing that themselves because if it is not done properly it can lead to irreparable damage to the complete laptop. It is almost always safe just to approach any dealer of the laptop for your repair of that motherboard. They’ve technicians who have an competence in dealing with notebook computer motherboard challenges and can make the right diagnosis and undertake repairs.
Attractive section of content. I just stumbled upon your web site and in accession capital to assert that I acquire in fact enjoyed account your blog posts. Anyway I’ll be subscribing to your augment and even I achievement you access consistently rapidly.
I like what you guys are up too. Such intelligent work and reporting! Carry on the superb works guys I’ve incorporated you guys to my blogroll. I think it’ll improve the value of my web site :)
I’ll right away grab your rss feed as I can’t find your e-mail subscription link or newsletter service. Do you’ve any? Kindly let me know so that I could subscribe. Thanks.
I have been absent for some time, but now I remember why I used to love this web site. Thanks , I will try and check back more often. How frequently you update your web site?
Do you mind if I quote a couplefew of your postsarticles as long as I provide credit and sources back to your webpagesitewebsiteweblogblog? My blog sitewebsiteblog is in the very sameexact same area of interestniche as yours and my visitorsusers would certainlydefinitelygenuinelytrulyreally benefit from a lot of thesome of the information you presentprovide here. Please let me know if this alrightokayok with you. RegardsThanks a lotAppreciate itCheersThank youMany thanksThanks!
Your new precious key points imply a man like me and extremely more to my office workers. With thanks; from everybody of us.
HeyHowdyHi thereHeyaHey thereHiHello! I’m at work browsingsurfing around your blog from my new iphoneiphone 4iphone 3gsapple iphone! Just wanted to say I love readingreading through your blog and look forward to all your posts! Keep upCarry on the excellentgreatfantasticoutstandingsuperb work!
Barack Obama is on a path toward a legacy that will firmly cement his place in American history as the great concessionist. Obama is unique among American Presidents for his willingness to concede any prior strength or sense of greatness that America held in the world for the 232 years prior to his ascendancy, to the Olympian heights he has attained as President of the United States.
The holder of the office of the President of the Unites States has been referred to for decades as the leader of the free world or as often as the most powerful person in the world. One must take pause today and begin to question whether or not these references, hold overs from the cold war that raged through may decades of the twentieth century, are indeed still applicable under the reign of Obama. The President appears to be doing everything he can to diminish the power of the office through his repetitive conciliatory rhetoric which was most recently displayed at the United Nations this past week and the G-20 summit.
Barack Obama is wasting little time in melding his revisionist rhetoric with his progressive agenda. If one is to believe this President then one must accept that until the rise of Obama that America was an evil super power that failed to allow for the concerns of the greater good in the world as it steadfastly clung to its out dated ambitions on the world stage. According to President Barack Obama no nation on earth should be allowed to dominate another. All the nations of the world should align and work toward the greater good of man kind.
One could question the naivete of this President as he makes such impotent and utopian comments but the reality is that Obama’s conciliatory remarks are a direct embodiment of his belief that America has for decades been an evil power that did more wrong than right in the world. It has been left to Barack Obama to concede the error of our ways and transform America’s role in the roll of nation’s to that of a weakened power who is now seeking its rightful place in the world as another equal among the nation’s of the world.
If one listens to Obama’s address at the United Nations he speaks of the change that America is experienced in the last eight months as he has single handedly transformed America from an evil power to a kind and gentle member of the world community. Obama is fond of referring to all that he is doing or already accomplished during his brief stint in office during his continual campaign addresses.
Barack Obama may not be the leader of the free world or the most powerful person on earth but one must concede that he may possess the greatest ego on the planet. An ego that if it remains unchecked will only further diminish the power of the office on the world stage even as it seeks to constrict individual choice at home.
The American media, beyond a single network must begin to question the progressive policies of this President and focus on the motivations behind the policies if America is to resume its role on the world stage as a nation that may not be liked by all the nations of the world but is at least respected and feared by its enemies.
Posted in Uncategorized, tagged Age of Austerity, American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan, Bail Outs, Barack Obama, business, CEO, class war, commentary, congress, Culture, Democrats, economy, investing, main street, politics, Progressive Fascism, recession, Republicans, Senate Republicans, wall street, White House on July 23, 2009| 1 Comment »
The American public is becoming aware that Barack Obama is not the twenty first century messiah promoted by the liberal media. The very media that provided camouflage for Obama during the 2008 campaign are now standing impotent on the sidelines as Obama continues his relentless march down the field toward socialism.
Six months into his term Barack Obama must be wondering what has happened. Obama was swept into office on the wings of a euphoric media and a liberal politic in which the left believed they had destroyed the conservative movement and in particular the Republican party. Today the President finds himself in a four front battle between health care reform, the cap and trade bill, a failed stimulus plan and an economy that promises continued high unemployment.
His leadership ability is being questioned by all but his most ardent supporters as finds himself in a battle to push his health care reform package through a Congress that is becoming more concerned with the mid term election in 2010 than supporting a President who is rapidly losing public support for key initiatives of his progressive agenda.
Obama is clearly a practioner of the “Big Lie” which was so effectively developed in the propaganda machine administered by Joseph Goebbels for a messianic leader who transformed a nation in the 1930’s leading to the destruction of a nation and a people in the 1940’s. The premise behind the “Big Lie” is simple. Repeat the lie frequently enough and it will be perceived as the truth. Obama was elected on the merits of the “Big Lie” and he and his administration have continued to expand on this tactic since his inauguration.
Obama possesses the rhetorical skills and the platform to deliver the “Big Lie” in a manner that seduces the listener and provides the comfort of a cup of hot cocoa on a cold winter night. He used the Big Lie to sell the $787 Billion American Recovery Act which has failed miserably as a stimulus plan and is now embracing the Big Lie to market health care reform and clean energy legislation.
Obama promised that the stimulus plan would save or create three and one half million jobs. He repeated the lie on numerous occasions to create a sense of urgency to pass the stimulus package and included the same lie in his 2010 Budget message. Now the lie has changed from job creation around the stimulus package to the fact that “I Barack Obama” have brought the economy back from the brink” with the stimulus plan.
Barack obama is a progressive fascist. He seeks to impose his will upon the American public to reset the American Dream. He seeks to be the founding father of a new America in which the public will subject their own will and desires to the Federal Government for the benefit of all. There is nothing new here. There is no hope and no change with this President. The world has seen his act before and suffered the great pain of an ego that knew no bounds. Barack Obama’s Big Lie is an echo of the strategies utilized by the German leadership between 1933 and 1945. His message, meticulously staged and wrapped in the eloquence and the historical credibility of the White House is destructive to this great Republic.
Posted in business, economy, politics, tagged Age of Austerity, American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan, Barack Obama, business, CEO, commentary, congress, Democrats, economy, main street, politics, recession, Republicans, Senate Republicans, wall street, White House on July 21, 2009| Leave a Comment »
Barack Obama is pulling every trick out of a hat full of tricks to saddle the American public with a government take over of the health care industry. The President is clearly threatened by Congress inability to bow to his desire to reform our current health care system and replace it with a government operated health care system that promises to lower care for Americans while pushing the country toward bankruptcy.
The President in what has become his partisan trademark, addressed the health care bill this morning from the White House and continued to castigate those who wish to focus “on the politics of the day” . This statement, from the very man who has assembled the largest and most partisan political organization ever to inhabit the White House is typical of the President’s penchant for wrapping himself in the dialogue of the “holier than thou”. Obama’s hypocritical tactics are designed to divert attention away from the substance of his policies toward those the administration ha
The President and his staff are focused on strong arming a health care reform bill through Congress no matter the cost to the American taxpayer. He is utilizing every available means to sell his vision for health care reform including a media blitz targeting the districts of conservative Democrats as well as a nationally televised address tomorrow evening.
The President who in recent days has seen his popularity slipping in the polls is losing the battle with the American public as now 50% of Americans are opposed to a public insurance option according to the latest Rasmussen poll. The bottom line for the President is that his credibility is being questioned by Americans as they have witnessed his willingness to embellish and misrepresent the facts to impose his agenda on a public that had voted for change in the last election.
The nation is awakening to the reality that the change this President has brought to the White House is a formidable political machine willing to say and do what ever they deem necessary to promote their progressive agenda. The President has a very short time line in which to pass the legislation he has staked his legacy on and his actions are indicative of the partisan politics he learned so well as a scion of Chicago Democratic politics.
Obama who pushed forth a failed stimulus plan through an adoring Democratic Congress and a public flush with the euphoria of Obama’s campaign message of hope and change is confronting a Congress that is exercising caution as the popularity of the President’s policies are eroding and it becomes evident that the change Obama is offering the nation is a transformation to a Federal government that will dominate the economy through socialism.
Posted in Uncategorized, tagged Age of Austerity, Barack Obama, business, CEO, class war, commentary, congress, Democrats, economy, main street, politics, Progressive Fascism, recession, Republicans, Senate Republicans, wall street, White House on July 21, 2009| Leave a Comment »
As Barack Obama’s popularity continues to decline in the polls he is beginning to spout populist rhetoric in an attempt tp prop up his demand for Congress to pass radical health care legislation that would socialize health care and move America further along the path of a socialist state.
Obama in remarks this morning spoke out against the ” windfall profits reaped by health insurance companies and their executives” in an effort to increase support among a public that is increasingly suspect of this President’s progressive socialist agenda. With the nation clearly on its way toward bankruptcy just six months in to his Presidency, Obama is attempting to fast track legislation for both health care and cap and trade before his political capital expires.
Democrats who have fallen in line with the President’s agenda until recently are beginning to question Obama’s policies as they begin to eye the 2010 elections. Obama is quickly running out of runway as constituents impress their concerns upon their representatives on Capitol Hill. Though it has only been six months there are concerns amomg Democrat circles that this President is a one term President who may have to bear the burden of being designated the earliest lame duck in the history of the Presidency.
The fact that this President may be effectively finished by August as his favorability rating continues to wane is weighing heavily on Democratic leadership. Republicans recognize that most Americans do not favor the transformation of America into a socialist based economy and are preparing for the mid term elections with a robust plan to bring America back from the brink of social and cultural bankruptcy to its free enterprise and capitalist based roots.
Barack Obama’s greatest contribution to American history may very well be that through his commitment to the left, he awakened the American public and revived the Republican party at a time this nation needs to step up and protect the foundation of free enterprise upon which this nation has prospered for over two hundred years.
Posted in business, Culture, economy, politics, Progressive Fascism, tagged American Clean Energy Act Of 2009, Barack Obama, business, CEO, class war, commentary, congress, consumers, Culture, Democrats, economy, entrepreneurship, investing, lifestyle, main street, Nancy Pelosi, news, politics, Progressive Fascism, recession, Republicans, Senate Republicans, wall street, White House on June 29, 2009| Leave a Comment »
The House passed the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009 by a narrow margin on Friday as the attention of both the nation and the world was turning from the abuse of the Iranian regime to the death of the King of Pop Michael Jackson. The bill which is a cornerstone of the Obama progressive agenda required the votes of 8 Republicans to vote in favor of the bill as 44 Democrats voted against it with a final tally of 219 to 212 for HR 2454.
This legislation should it become law will impose e clean energy tax upon the American Public that will amount to the single highest tax increase ever impose upon American tax payers. Given the narrow margin of passage in the House it is increasingly doubtful though that this bill will pass the Senate despite the urgent pleadings of Barack Obama.
The bill, which proposes its will on every aspect of American life and will create a bureaucratic nightmare, will also cost this nation millions of jobs more then the mythical Green jobs it purports to create. Nancy Pelosi called it transformational legislation while doing Obama’s bidding and she is indeed correct. It is transformational in that it moves America further away from a free enterprise based economy toward the central planning models of the totalitarian economic models that failed in the twentieth century.
Americans may fight back against the tide of environmental and progressive fascism by contacting their representatives in the Senate and urging them to vote no on this bill when it comes before the Senate this fall. The nation may have been distracted when the House voted but we must wake up and act before this legislation is allowed to further cripple our economy.
Posted in Uncategorized, tagged Age of Austerity, American Clean Energy Act Of 2009, American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan, Barack Obama, business, CEO, commentary, congress, Culture, Democrats, economy, main street, politics, Progressive Fascism, recession, Republicans, Senate Republicans, White House on June 17, 2009| 1 Comment »
Barack Obama in recent remarks has shown how committed he is to enacting legislation for universal health care despite the cost to the American taxpayer. He and his administration have demonstrated an increased willingness to misrepresent the true cost of such legislation and offer to America examples of socialized health care in Canada and Europe. The fact that the public often have to wait for weeks to get an appointment for care in other nations with a physician is of no importance to the President. What is of primary concern to President Obamais advancing his personal agenda.
An agenda that not only promises to bankrupt our treasury but bankrupt our nation’s principles and values to promote a progressive agenda that intends to lessen America’s impact on the world both economically and politically. Obama is a product of a political machine that owes its success in the 2008 elections to an array of special interest groups that represent a consortium of environmental groups. These oraganizations hide behind the green agenda and the threat of global warming to promote their own vision of a society whose choices are continually reduced as our nation’s citizens are forced to adhere to an increasingly sanitized culture framed by enviro fascists from Green Peace, the Sierra Club and the Center for Science in the Public Interest to name but a few.
In addition, the Obama administration owes a massive debt to the dwindling labor movement. The unions perceived the election of Barack Obama as a bonanza and a last best effort to promote their business. The unions have been well rewarded to date with the passage of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan of 2009. The partisan billed passed by the Democrats in both bodies of Congress has been touted as an economic stimulus plan by Barack Obama and is in reality an entitlement act which heavily promotes the cause of unions.
Obama continues to promote the cause of special interests while misrepresenting the cause and effects of his policies and programs. As the honeymoon with this administration begins to wane and as the American public become increasingly aware of the damage inflicted upon our nation by this most inexperienced President conservative members of his own party will begin to promote the bipartisanship that Obama claims to support but has failed to promote, by aligning with Republicans in Congress to stem the erosion of our basic values and freedoms.
Posted in Uncategorized, tagged Barack Obama, CEO, class war, congress, Democrats, economy, Jon Voight, main street, news, Newt Gingrich, politics, Progressive Fascism, recession, Republicans, Senate Republicans, wall street, White House on June 9, 2009| 1 Comment »
Jon VoightVoight the the well known veteran actor, Oscar winner and father of Angelina Jolie, served as the Master of Ceremonies at the Republican Party House and Senate Campaign Committee event last night in Washington and in an uncharacteristic performance for a Hollywood celebrity slammed President Barack Obama for being a “false prophet” and making America ‘weak.” He urged Republicans to find a path toward freeing America from the “Obama Oppression.”
The key note address was made by Newt Gingrich, the former Speaker of the House, who appears to be attempting to fill a vacancy in leadership of the Republican Party as well as positioning himself for a Presidential run in 2012. But the news of the night were the passionate and unfiltered comments from Voight, a rare conservative voice among the progressive liberals that dominate Hollywood and the traditional media.
Voight, for at least one night has brought some balance and clarity to the constant fawning of the celebrity machine for Barack Obama. Perhaps, raising his voice will encourage others to speak out on the idiocy of the Obama Administration’s policies as the public begins to realize that unlike the fairy tale of the Emperor’s New Clothes, the Emperor in this case is fully dressed while the American electorate is left naked by the big spend, big government policies of Emperor Obama.
Age of Austerity A journey to acquire American Clean Energy Act Of 2009 american clean energy and security act American Recovery Act American Recovery and Reinvestment Plan auto bailout auto bail out automoblles Bail Outs Barack Obama Barbara Boxer Benjamin Button Blago blogging business CEO class war commentary congress consumers consumer trends Corporate Culture corruption Culture Democrats economy entrepreneurship Eurotopia finance Games gaming Geithner Global Warming harry reid holidays Illinois Inauguration internet investing Investors John Edwards Land of Lincoln las Vegas lifestyle Madoff main street marketing McDonald's Monopoly Nancy Pelosi news Obamacare oil politics President Elect Progressive Fascism public recession Republican Party Republicans retailers Senate Democrats Senate Republicans Somali Pirates Starbucks Stimulus Plan stock market Tea Parties The Fed Treasury Secretary U.S. Office of Entrepreneurship Wal-Mart wall street White House
Consortium GARR - Via dei Tizii, 6 - 00185 Roma | Tel. 0649622000 - Fax 0649622044 | CF 97284570583 – PI 07577141000
When you are looking for the constructing company you need a company that can deliver the right thing at the right time. More to that you wouldn’t want to deal with the company that gives you a headache now and then. To be sure that you take the right company for your commercial construction you must make sure that to have a list of the top performing companies so that you can compare them and choose the best of the best. In this site we will guide you on the tips that you should consider when selecting the company to construct or revitalize your building.
Request for advice from your neighbors and friends. The friends and neighbors that have the experience of working with the construction company can guide you to the right construction company even before you start the process of looking for the constructing company. Through this basic ideas you will get to know the most efficient company for you to hire. On the other hand, you will know the kind of construction company that you need to avoid in your selection.
Be mindful about the number of years the company practiced commercial building services. The Construction Company that started a long time ago is the right one to choose to build your commercial building. Having constructed much commercial building also tells you that the construction company has a wide range of ideas for construct every design of the commercials building.
The pricing for the services. Some construction companies will charge you less than others for the same building plan. This tell you that you should be prepared with the cash that you have so that you can be able the company that can deliver expected services within your budget. Compare and contrast the cost quote from at least three before you identify the construction company that will make the building. Consider the construction company that can estimate the prices for you and gives you some advice on the requirement of your building for free since it will reduce the total cost of the building.
Know the estimated time by the company to be through by the construction work. Its hectic and tiresome when you have to deal with one for a long time. This will lead to delay of other programs that you could have. Look for the team that is motivated to complete the whole thing within the set time frame.
The licensing and insurance of the company. Ensure that you the company has followed all this regulation before you start working together. Legal authorization guarantees you the best services as the company has been tested and approved by the state as a qualified commercial constructor. You release yourself from the stress of extra expenses caused by the workers when you hire a licensed company.
Have all components of your thesis proposal prepared and organized.Dissertation, Thesis, or Proposal Editing (up to 1,000 words) Within 4 hours: Dissertation, Thesis, or Proposal Editing (up to 4,000 words) Within 8 hours.
Contact us for a free consultation to learn how we can help you. at The Dissertation Coach is an. developing a dissertation or thesis topic, writing,.Dissertation help for you. Get assistance with your dissertation writing online. If you need a dissertation help service for cheap,.
Our company provides dissertation help with any kind of dissertation writing.AccuDissertation is a US doctoral dissertation proposal, methodology, writing and.Completing Your Dissertation Without Tears Your dissertation is your union card. Get Professional Help With Your Dissertation. The assistance of Dissertation Genius was a godsend.
Professional Writing Help:. thesis writing help and paper writing help, dissertation writing help and coursework help, college and research paper writing,.
These will help you to visualize the data., you will probably need to rewrite the.Then you will need to revise your thesis statement while you. and it can also help to keep your argument in.Your thesis statement should tell your reader what the paper is about and also help guide your writing and keep. How to write a thesis proposal. an organized plan is in place for collecting or obtaining data to help solve. discuss any particular challenges that need to be.
Our help with dissertation writing includes writing of any chapter, proposal writing,.Custom writing with Samedayessay.org. Thank you for helping me learn how to write.Testimonials. Rachel,. Get dissertation writing help From Dissertation Masters To Write Your Dissertation of up to.Health care is a form, the writing a thesis, but it hard for essay.
The dissertation proposal is an important first step towards writing your final dissertation. Dissertation writing help. First of all, you need to fill in the order form.There are a lot of services, which provide you with dissertation writing assistance. If you need some help in writing a dissertation, without fail,.Click here for information on the annual Dissertation Writing Retreat.
How to Write a Dissertation. Before you can start writing a dissertation, you will need to have developed your. Get the Dissertation Help You Need to. and fear of failure associated with a doctoral project and writing a dissertation. Team with Dissertation101 and.
The TA-DA program provides you thesis writing help or dissertation writing help from. a break from writing. How I wrote a PhD thesis in. our paper rather than scientific writing.
Astronomy questions for your custom printable tests and worksheets.Our astronomy tutors provide instant and quality answers for high school, college, university homework.
Astrophysics is the branch of astronomy that deals with the.Homework Helper Astronomy APlus- Free math homework help,.Are you seeking for a homework helper.Our rapidly growing research and teaching group within the Department of Physics at WVU explores a wide variety of hot topics in current.Popular Astronomy Textbooks See all Astronomy textbooks up to: 500 gold.Before the dawn of history someone noticed that certain celestial bodies moved in.Browse our pre-made printable worksheets library with a variety of activities and.
This postulate which will plod astronomy homework help this obvious permanent and skateboard magazines. I need help to do my astronomy assignment. our astronomy tutors are eager to assist you and provide you with the experience needed.Course Hero provides astronomy study guides, notes, practice tests, homework help, flashcards, and more.
The Astronomy chapter of this GED Science Homework Help course helps students complete their astronomy homework and earn better grades. This.
With strong presence of over 15 years in the custom-writing industry, Superior Papers is one of the most reliable services on this market.
Astronomy Homework Help Hiring A Writer Help Me Write My College Assignment Essay For Money Help Me Write My College Assignment Essay For Money Do university homework.
Helponlineclass.com We help you to take your entirre online class, exam, homework, quizes: Math, Algebra, Statistics, Accounting, Finance, Economics. Links to resources of interest to students and teachers in the areas of space science and astronomy. part of The Science Page.Our top notch service will definitely show you the path reaching the success.Mastering astronomy assignment solutions, practice multiple choice questions.I have been working on this since around 7:30 or 8:00 pm my time. it is now almost 1 in the morning. for the life of me I can not figure out this problem.
QualityWholesaleFurniture.com was formed because we understand how hard it is to know you got a good deal on furniture.Custom essay help provides you with custom essays that are 100% plagiarism free.The official provider of online tutoring and homework help to the Department of Defense.Our solution manuals are written by experts so you can be assured of the highest quality.
This is a list of all Astronomy tutors which are offering their services via online options for tutoring and homework help.Now Spirit of since witness views too the justifying no sanctification the regeneration the longer thus of. Astronomy project help or online Astronomy project work for high school, college, university students.
Whatever you need written we have an professional on staff to help.Epistatic Rudiger rampage, Graph theory research papers averaged unnaturally.You can ask homework questions.Solar System Facts Each page is full.
Download Cryptanalysis ; a study of ciphers and their solution by Helen F. Gaines PDF - mtkvnym shnrym Library
Welcome to the backwards, wrong-way, mixed-up nation of Lidd. it is the magical domestic of fake good judgment puzzles, and you need to clear up them! simply learn the location, attempt the several suggestions, and look for inconsistencies. opt for a degree of hassle, from one-star "challenging" puzzles to three-star "mind-expanding" ones.
This encyclopedia is an indispensible selection of info and guide at the card online game bridge. There are entries on heritage, agencies, tournaments, ideas, terminology, bidding structures, conventions, card play, swimsuit combos, squeezes, math, biographies, and extra. a brand new layout, 25% better sort and a brand new index make this version person pleasant.
Ohaver once made use of a cartridge belt in which the A-loops contained cartridges and the B-loops were empty. There is an excellent opportunity here, too, for the compiling of “fake” cryptograms, with A-letters and B-letters distinguished as vowels and consonants, or by the part of the normal alphabet from which they have been taken. With a biliteral or binumeral alphabet which requires 26 groups, we cannot have fewer than five characters to the group without making groups of different lengths.
Certain other ciphers, representative of types, have been treated at whatever length seemed advisable for bringing out principles; and, with each type discussed, a generous number of cryptograms has been provided, on which the student will be able to test his skill as he learns. The student who masters these fundamentals will be acquainted with the principal forms of cipher, and will be able to solve cryptograms prepared by means of these ciphers provided the cryptograms are of adequate length and based on a language which he understands, or of which he is able to secure understandable specimens.
These are old stand-bys. Most decryptors prefer to do all of their work on cross-section (quadrille) paper, since the writing of the letters into cells enables them to obtain an accurate spacing both laterally and vertically, and this paper is easily cut apart along the separating lines. But for the kind of cryptograms we are likely to see here, many persons prefer to work with a set of anagram blocks. These can be prepared at home from cardboard squares, or may be bought in sets with frequent letters represented in approximately the correct proportions.
mtkvnym shnrym Library > Puzzles Games > Download Cryptanalysis ; a study of ciphers and their solution by Helen F. Gaines PDF
Physiotherapy helps restore movement and function when someone is affected by injury, illness or disability.
Physiotherapists help people affected by injury, illness or disability through movement and exercise, manual therapy, education and advice.
The profession helps to encourage development and facilitate recovery, enabling people to stay in work while helping them remain independent for as long as possible.
Our Physiotherapy Works briefings demonstrate the effectiveness of physiotherapy in treating a wide range of conditions
Physiotherapy is a science-based profession and takes a ‘whole person’ approach to health and wellbeing, which includes the patient’s general lifestyle.
At the core is the patient’s involvement in their own care, through education, awareness, empowerment and participation in their treatment.
You can benefit from physiotherapy at any time in your life. Physiotherapy helps with back pain or sudden injury, managing long-term medical condition such as asthma, and in preparing for childbirth or a sporting event.
Physiotherapy is a degree-based healthcare profession. Physios use their knowledge and skills to improve a range of conditions associated with different systems of the body, such as:
Physiotherapists work in a variety of specialisms in health and social care. Additionally, some physiotherapists are involved in education, research and service management.
The Chartered Society of Physiotherapy (CSP) is the professional, educational and trade union body for the UK's 57,000 chartered physiotherapists, physiotherapy students and support workers.
A Company Incorporated by Royal Charter (England/Wales). Company registration number RC000107. © 2018 CSP
Your wedding dress will no doubt be the most important dress you will ever wear that is why you need to ensure a professional seamstress takes care of your final touches. Although we offer a wide range of alteration services we specialise in Bridal alterations. We always give truthful and helpful advice alongside inexpensive and professional alterations and restyling. You need to feel confident and look your best for the most important day of your life and I am passionate about achieving the perfect fit for you.
Realistically nearly all bridal shops will suggest you order your dress 6 months in advance. This is not possible for everyone and some brides choose to buy their dress off-the-peg or online. Most wedding gowns bought off the peg need alterations.
Don't panic, if you have bought your dress online or have been swept off your feet and are planning a whirlwind wedding we can help with any last minute alterations.
If you have planned your wedding well in advance and have ordered your dress in plenty of time for your big day you will more than likely still need some minor alterations to give you that made to measure feel. Why pay shop prices? We can offer you a professional and personal service without having to pay the expensive prices of the bridal shop.
Bridal wear alterations vary in time and complexity so it is best to arrange a consultation where we can answer any questions you have and estimate the amount of work involved.
For a professional and personal service, offering high quality alterations at a good price, please call today on 07910 901549 or email
To help you get started with your wedding planning, we present the first installment in our “Planning 101” series where we’ll feature expert advice from local wedding pros to make your wedding day the best it can be. First up, we call on Georgia Barron, Certified Wedding Planner and owner of Newcastle Wedding Gardens and the Historic Red Horse Barn.
You need to find and decide where you will be celebrating your wedding before you can really do anything else! But before you randomly start looking, sit down with your intended and make some notes.
While it might seem strange to do this first, it makes a lot of sense since it will help you figure out a total guest list number, and help weed out venues that won’t accommodate your wedding size. Separate your “in the region” guests into one list and those who will be coming a long distance on another list. Typically you will get about 75- to 80-percent of your nearby guests attending and about 10- to 20-percent of the out-of-town guests.
Think about a general time frame or month. I don’t suggest selecting an actual date unless your schedule is not at all flexible. If you do so, you might be losing the option to have your wedding at a venue you love that doesn’t have a particular date open. Think about your work or school schedules, and when you can easily take time off work to be able to really enjoy your wedding and the honeymoon to follow.
You should also consider the best day of the week for your schedule. Of course, Saturday is always popular but Fridays and Sundays can work just as well. Don’t be scared of an “off” day. As long as you let your guests know well ahead of time so they can plan accordingly—these dates shouldn’t affect your amount of “yes’s.” The added bonus is that you may also save money if you are flexible beyond a Saturday, since this tends to be the most popular (and booked!) day of the week for weddings.
Be realistic. Decide what is most important to you before selecting a random number as your budget. Every venue and service you select for your wedding offers different pricing and services. Make sure that you completely understand what you will receive for your investment. This takes doing research and visiting locations to decide what is not only in your budget but what is really included. You can’t get that information with a phone call asking, “How much does a wedding cost?” There are a lot more factors involved, and, again, every venue offers different packages and pricing scenarios. You need to make appointments and take tours of the venues that you are interested in, and then really compare “apples to apples.” Don’t sacrifice value and personal service for cost.
Every venue offers different pricing structures and services. You certainly should request an overview of services and pricing (usually something emailed) prior to visiting a venue, but until you actually visit a venue in person and take a tour, you’ll just be guessing. Keep in mind that wedding venues and professionals are typically working on the weekends and if you can make time in your schedule to visit during the week, it will be easier to make appointments. Again, make an appointment before dropping in unannounced for the best service.
No matter what you decide to do, you will be spending a fair amount of money, so make sure that you will receive the services that are most important to you. Once you’ve visited all of the venues that you’re interested in, narrow down your choices and then request a complete written quote of the services you desire for your wedding. Ask for the quote to include sales tax and any service charges—note that sales tax is required to be added to food and beverage purchases in California; service charges are charged by the majority of venues and catering providers. These service charges are typically added as a gratuity for staff or may include set-up costs. All of this should be spelled out in advance, as you definitely don’t want to be surprised later.
Your venue search can take some time so plan accordingly. Most couples plan about a year in advance; some further out and some closer to their dates—just know that the closer your date is, the more likely that it may be filled at your desired venue. You will have more date options with a bit more lead time.
Once your venue and “the date” are selected, the next part of your journey begins: putting together your wedding dream team!
Article appears in the Winter/Spring 2015 Issue of Real Weddings Magazine published by Style Media Group.
Hi Ben, Good close up of this famous plant which looks similar to similar ones eaten by dinosaurs a long while ago. Perfect clarity with very goof descriptive notes. Murray.
A very interesting pov to the centre of the growinmg stem. Obviously the plant is rather big, so that it's nice to have a a detail from it to appreciate its inricate structure. Good work!
It's very close and well detailed. POV,colours, lighting and framing are also excellent. Wonderful macro.
You have demonstrated a very interesting idea and its execution. I like the POV and DOF of your shot. I am surprised how you managed to achieve such DOF with f-number 2.8. Details, exposure and colours are great. Superb done and TFS.
interesting working and detail. well close up photo. point of view, colours, background, light and details are great
A very interesting perspective on this shot.An excellent POV and composition.Well saturated colours.I really like the results you achieved.TFS
t's been a cool minute hasn't it? What...like over two months since I last dropped a line? A lot has been going on and I was driving myself mad. I didn't have enough energy to devote to this project. Plus, I didn't want to force anything. But the dust is finally about to settle, which means I'm ready to get back on the horse. I've been sitting on these photos for a while now. We took a day trip to Salvation Mountain (located in Niland, CA) one random weekend. Our adventure was a blast ... Read More
The desert is my happy place. I like to go at least a couple of times a year to chill the fuck out, be surrounded by lots of rocks, and take it back to square one. If you've never been to Yucca Valley or Joshua Tree, I highly recommend it. You can rent a house with friends or camp in a tent with your lover. Anything goes. It may seem like there isn't much out there, but if you pay attention you'll find everything you're looking for. These photos are from April of this year. We got a spot for a ... Read More
Maui, Hi - April 2015 Seeing from someone else's perspective sometimes requires you to stand behind them. Their back's to you and you can only guess what's flowing through their mind. But keep watching their back because they're counting on you to. Plus, it's good to learn a thing or two about perspective. ... Read More
I bought this disposable camera from a random ass souvenir shop during my short stay in Lisbon. Was expecting to get 27 shots out of this sucker...but it stopped winding at 14. Just goes to show that you can never really tell with life. Unfortunately, things don't always turn out like how they're labeled. So you gotta go for it. Make every shot count. Cause as cache as it sounds. It might be your last. Lisbon was a fantastic time. It reminded me of San Francisco. Lots of hills, bridge that ... Read More
NOVEMBER 2014 Mostly visual because photos speak for themselves. No need for me to voice anything. See it to believe it. ... Read More
Grainy photos from our trip to New York. We spent the last days of 2013 trudging through fresh snow, falling asleep on the subway, hating Time Square, eating spicy Caribbean food, and freezing our asses off just to watch the fireworks. The city was cold and so were we. Things were up and down. We were happy and sad. But by the time 2014 rolled in, we were glad to have each other. I know we don't always get along - but you are right... we don't hold grudges. We can't. Dedicated ... Read More
Took these photos during my trip to Costa Rica in September. There was always something that would catch my eye. Especially nice textures & pups with personality. - 35 mm plus 3 rolls of film - In chronological order: San Jose Volcano Poas Monteverde Cloud Forest La Fortuna ... Read More
This was one of the first trips I went on during my time abroad. I studied in London for approx. 9 months not too long ago. It was awesome living in Europe because it made traveling so much easier. Everywhere seems a short plane ride away. (Versus in California, it takes at least 7 hours to get from LA to SF.) So a weekend trip to Brussels, Belgium was inevitable. Here's a recap of everything that went down... I must admit I don't remember the little details. For example, I ... Read More
... we were down in Rosarito and stopped by Puerto Nuevo for delicious (& cheap) lobsters. I really like seafood and lobster is fantastic. We were suppose to go to the restaurant that's pictured below for very obvious reasons. It's ranked #1 -- but I can't comment on this because we never ate there. Right after a nice man took this photo of us, we went into the restaurant only to discover that they ran out of lobster. Wow that really blows. We were gonna dip out, probably drive back to ... Read More
Buprenorphine is a partial agonist opioid; It can generate the usual opioid agonist effects but, not as greatly as those produced by full agonists, such as heroin and methadone. Full agonist opioids have the risk of side effects, abuse, and addiction. Not only does Buprenorphine have fewer risks, but it can negate all the effects of opioid agonists, and even lessen withdrawal symptoms in an addict whose bloodstream is currently carrying a full agonist.
Methadone treatment programs have many benefits, including: the reduced or stopped use of injection drugs; lowered risk of overdose; lowered rates of disease transmission; increased life expectancy; reduction in risky sexual behaviors; reduced criminal activity; and improved family and social stability.
Suboxone is a drug that is used for rehab treatment for individuals that are addicted to pain medication or opiates. Those wishing to use the Suboxone medication rehab plan will first need to make an appointment to be seen by the physician in the rehab center that uses this method. The individual will be checked for physical ailments that may prohibit them from using Suboxone as a treatment. If cleared by the physician the Suboxone rehab treatment will be started.
I spent 3 and a half hours at work yesterday evening straightening books on shelves. Yup. And then I cleaned a bathroom. After that, I waited for the cashiers to finish counting their drawers. That netted me about 30 dollars. Which almost pays for the pair of jeans I ordered from Lands End this afternoon...
I made an executive decision at work: despite our company policy of asking each and every customer if we can aid them in the book selection process, I will not proffer assistance to a gentleman(?) investigating a tome titled 101 Sex Positions. I just couldn't picture myself walking up to him and saying, "May I help you with that?"
In fact, I hid in another aisle until he was gone. A whole store full of good books and that's what he picks out? Sheesh.
Uncle Matt took me and the kids to Costco today. I'd never been. We ate lots of samples and bought 2 big jars of (you guessed it) salsa. Old habits die hard. Then Uncle Matt treated the kids to one-dollar hotdogs. A good time was had by all.
There's nothing else here. Check out some of the other one-and-a-half million blogs, will ya? Tell me if you find something good.
Today was getting off to a slow start, so Grandpa decided to liven things up by requesting a visit to the local urgent-care facility to investigate some excruciating ear pain of his. I grabbed one of my many knitting bags and headed out the door with him, leaving Larry on his own to wrestle the kids into the proper clothes for holiday-parade attendance. Grandpa got some antibiotic ear drops, and I got over an hour of extra knitting time in. I call that a win-win, don't you?
And I'll admit it - I caved. I headed over to Michael's with 2 50%-off coupons in hand, looking to buy some more yarn for the scarf I'm working on. And wouldn't you know, that yarn was already discounted - I couldn't use the coupons for it. So that I wouldn't have compromised my no-shopping-on-Black-Friday principles for nothing, I used the coupons on some other yarn I wanted.
So, yes, I bought 3 skeins of yarn today. But I don't think yarn-buying really counts as shopping, anymore than breathing counts as exercise. Meaning, it's too essential.
Many thanks to all of you who sent me info on Twitter. I managed to install a Twitter something-or-other on my Firefox whatchamacallit, which makes it way more accessible. After wasting an hour on it this evening, I've determined that Twitter reminds me more of an old-fashioned party line (think the Waltons, okay?) than anything else.
Oh, and Larry found my socks. Behind the dryer, happily unshrunken...naturally, I Twittered about it...
I'm fine. Really. Just got to get going and make breakfast for a bunch of people...do you think they want their turkey cold, or warmed up?
Could someone answer a really dumb question? How the heck does one use Twitter? From what I can see, I have to go to a webpage, log on, and post. Is there a different way to do it? Because that doesn't seem spontaneous enough to me...
I want to use Twitter because everyone else is doing it. I guess none of us ever really escape the siren call of peer pressure, do we?
Oh, and all you folks up in Canada - could you stop making me jealous with all those blog pictures of beautiful snow scenes in your backyards? Where I'm at, everything is brown. With a little tired green thrown in. It doesn't exactly shout "Christmas!" In fact, it's downright boring.
Yeah, I'm a day late. So shoot me. I had my first evening of work yesterday; I'll talk more about that tomorrow, but just let me say that if someone wants to pay me to vacuum, I'm all for it. That's what I've been practicing for all these years.
So, over there, below and to the left (the left! something different every week!) is a comely stack of past-their-prime leftovers, taking their farewell walk, as it were. From the top down:
4. Mexican chicken and black beans. I'm surprised to see this, as I managed to serve these leftovers at 3 separate meals. Maybe I should cook in smaller quantities?
5. crockroast drippings. If I had made real gravy out of these, they wouldn't have been left over. Mea culpa.
6. cranberry sauce. Ousted from the refrigerator to make room for the fresh batch we made yesterday.
7. mashed potatoes. We're making more today. Maybe I should have been more frugal and tried using these instead...
Well, I'm off to do an emergency run to the grocery store - because 3 times already this week just wasn't enough. Happy Thanksgiving, everyone!
I am starting to realize that if I've knitted 4 scarves since last December, I cannot possibly knit 6 more in the next two weeks. Do you think it would be a good idea to mail 5 scarves this year and then mail another 5 next year for the people who didn't get any? The problem is, these are all being packed in one big box, so people are going to know they've been left out.
That's not one of the ones I've done, by the way - I stole someone else's picture. So don't start asking me where I got the yarn, or how it feels to knit with, or whatever. I've been using Paton's merino, which is a great deal at Michael's with the 40 percent off coupon.
My teen daughter wants to see "Twilight" - the movie made from the book that you should have heard about by now if you are acquainted with any of the female species. It's a classic tale of star-crossed lovers, all mixed up in teenage melodrama. Only this particular star-crossed couple consists of a human girl and a vampire guy. I asked Anna how that could work and she explained, "Well, the guy is a vegetarian vampire."
The pair of socks that I knit 3 times has disappeared. I last saw them on top of the washer. This does not bode well. I asked Larry if he had seen them and he said no, but he didn't sound convincing. My guess is that someone threw them in the dryer by mistake and that Larry came upon their shrunken forms and did what any sensible knitter's husband would do in such a situation: he hid them.
Let this be a reminder to all of us: we should hug our handknits frequently and tell them how special they are. Any time together could be our last.
Apparently, when one warns a three-year-old to be careful of her stitches, she takes it very, very seriously.
Anna looks surprised and vaguely annoyed to find me still here. As in, "Don't you have a home to go to?" surprised. Or, "You're so old and boring, why do you even bother to go on living?" annoyed. In her eyes, I look precisely like the picture to the left. Only, less fun.
I try not to take it personally. I mean, if I'm lucky, I only have to wait another 20 - 30 years for her to be regarded the same way by her teen daughter.
Put another work-in-progress in it, in case you finish the first one while you are out somewhere. Make sure there is enough loose yarn to allow both projects to become entangled. Bonus points if tape measure gets tangled also.
Buy more knitting needles because you can't remember what you have and it is too time-consuming to check all those bags.
I excitedly told my husband this evening that AlisonH instructed me (in the comments on this post) on how to prevent scarring after Susie's stitches are removed.
"AlisonH?" he asked. "Are we taking advice from imaginary people again? Haven't we talked about this?"
That Larry - he refuses to believe in the magic that is the Internet. I bet that when he saw Peter Pan, he refused to clap for Tinkerbell.
Larry and David are off on a biking/camping trip with the Boy Scouts this weekend. I know there is nothing I would rather do than ride a bike all day in 35-degree weather and then sleep outside all night as the mercury drops into the low 20's. I'm glad that the Girl Scouts don't do things like that. We just sell cookies. That, I can handle.
Do all bloggers entertain a secret fantasy of working in a bookstore? That's what it would seem like from my comments. I think we picture something somewhat genteel and scholarly about the job; but nowadays, I'm thinking, bookstore workers may just be corporate tools like everyone else. For example, there are quotas we need to meet in selling discount cards and magazine subscriptions (no cookie-selling, though). No one has told me what happens to an employee who doesn't meet those quotas - I'm assuming it's something awful, like having to read Thomas the Tank Engine books to the kiddies at story hour. Oh, the horror! The horror!
But, hey - at least I'd get paid. I do that at home for nothing. They pay me for cleaning the bathrooms, too. Imagine that!
I've been knitting scarves and socks like a madwoman, with not much to show for it. And my friend has the nerve to be having a baby in December - doesn't she know I'm racing to finish the holiday gift knitting? Where am I supposed to find the time to make a Mason-Dixon baby kimono?
I had to take Susie's bandage off to apply some antibiotic ointment. Seeing the stitches almost made me throw up. I thought they used thread, people! But she looks as though she's got the equivalent of pig bristles on her chin. What's up with that? The poor kid got a glimpse of it in the mirror tonight and started screaming. That's my girl!
I know - now you want a picture. I'll work on it. I promise it won't be as gross as Heather's gallstones.
That chair? The one that the kids were having so much fun on? The one that was such a great deal at a yard sale? Tonight it cost us a 50-dollar emergency room copay after Rachel swung it around too fast and Susie fell off, landing on her chin.
On the bright side (because that's where I like to live), Susie's teeth weren't knocked out, the stitches at the ER only took 2 hours, and none of the other kids drank Larry's untouched glass of beer while he and I were at the hospital with our injured one.
Yeah, Larry was just settling down for a rare relaxing evening when all this happened. He should have known better, right?
While Susie was still screaming and Larry was attempting to stanch (sp?) the flow of blood, Rachel was yelling at me, "Get the band-aids! Get the Bactine!" She's a natural medic. I just hope she doesn't get any weird sewing ideas after she sees Susie's stitches.
There are 8 stitches on that little chin. Sensible guy that he is, Larry, after getting an initial glimpse of the damage inflicted, said to me, "Let's go. And don't look." I guess he didn't want to deal with an unconscious wife in addition to an injured child. Good call.
And, as usual in these situations, the parents are more traumatized than the child. Susie didn't even cry during the stitching. And she sang herself to sleep tonight while playing with the pretty hospital bracelet the "nice lady" gave her.
It turns out that the manager at the bookstore is interested in hiring someone who has a kid-induced lobotomy. Imagine that! Can I interest you in our members' discount card?
"I really enjoy your fridge clean-out posts... I was just wondering though - have you ever considered freezing leftovers and sauces/soups? We inevitably have too much and freezing helps them last longer (although it can clog up the freezer sometimes)."
As a matter of fact, I have considered that. I even have in my freezer a number of foil pans containing dinner leftovers that, in theory, reheat easily. But when I do decide to have a freezer dinner, somehow they never taste very good. At least, no one seems to want to eat them.
I also attempt to save odds and ends that would be useful in future meals. In fact, there are various and sundry items I have thriftily frozen and then forgotten in our kitchen freezer, aka "the black hole." You can see some of them below, to the right. (By the way, I had just managed to snap this picture when the whole tower came tumbling down.)
Let's take it from the top, all right? We have an Amy's frozen burrito, which is str ange, as I have never, ever bought one of these overpriced uber-organic fast foodstuffs myself. I think it may have ended up in my freezer during my friend's kitchen remodel last June. Feel free to comment if you want it back!
Next are 2 baggies of bread cubes. I don't know when I put them in there, and I have no idea what I meant to do with them. Which may explain why they are still here...
Next up - frozen strawberries, handpicked by the children in May of 2007. Yup. I guess I was saving them for a special occasion that never happened.
Below the strawberries is a cylindrical container of ice. Why? Because our electric snow-cone maker demanded ice in this exact shape. We became mindless slaves to this tyrannical appliance, as evidenced by the bag of cylindrical-shaped ice blocks below:
Below the ice (first picture) are 2 containers of cooked pumpkin from Halloween 2007. Again, that special occasion for which I was saving them must not have occurred. Does anyone know if this stuff might still be good? I put an awful lot of work into it.
Holding everything up is a gladware container of what I think was canned tomato sauce. I must have frozen it after using half a can for dinner one night, just as Joss recommends. And then I promptly forgot about it.
I've seen a recent uptick in my spam box of get-rich-quick schemes. Work from home! 300 hundred dollars a day! Use your computer to make money!
Does my e-mail address scream "I'm stupid!" to scam artists, or what? I think the only way I could use my computer to make money is to sell it.
I interviewed this past weekend for a part-time job at a nearby bookstore. Apparently, I have forgotten how to talk like a normal grown-up. Totally. The manager asked me what sort of situations stress me out. She had to ask me twice, because I was too overwhelmed at first with possible scenarios to even try to be articulate.
I mean, should I have mentioned that a 4-year-old stuffing household items down the toilet almost sent me over the edge? Should I have told her about the decapitation episodes? This was all going through my mind as she patiently asked me the question again. I stammered, "I have 6 kids. Nothing can stress me out anymore." And then I added (because I can't shut up once I do get started talking), "My friends and I call it kid-induced lobotomy syndrome."
Hey! I took a day off! Bet you didn't even notice...but you see, I had to take some time just to rest on my laurels, as it were...because apparently I've managed to do something special.
Yup. They linked to me this week, and my blog has been teeming today with people who apparently spend a lot of time at work looking at very unproductive websites.
Are they laughing at me? With me? Who cares? Click and Clack found this post funny. I think I can die happy now.
But before I do that, I'd like to announce that Susie seems to be potty-trained. Oh, I'm sure there will still be some accidents, most likely highly embarrassing ones in very public places; but, essentially, my diapering days are over.
After 4 tries on sock #1 and 2 tries on sock #2 (and if you think about it, I really knit 3 pairs of socks here), I finally have this (over there to the right) to show for all my efforts.
This was the first pair I have knit from Sockotta, and I am desperately trying to ignore the fact that the socks are, as I type this post, making my ankles itch. Nope, I just won't think about that at all.
I was also victorious (albeit 3 days late) in my weekly fridge cleaning. And not merely victorious, but downright creative, actually - I present to y'all Still Life With Leftovers:
Nice, isn't it? The dying flowers add a certain je ne sais quoi to the usual stack of Pyrex. Van Gogh, eat your heart out.
P.S. And for those of you who just have to know, from bottom to top it's chicken in black bean sauce, potroast (maybe), black bean soup, scrambled egg, and cooked pumpkin. I'm sure Ma Ingalls would have made some sort of a delicious stew out of all these ingredients before they went bad; I bow to her superior subsistence skills.
Larry asked me out on another lunch date this week. As is our wont, we met at a nearby supermarket (where I made sure not to cut in line) and shared a 6-dollar sub and a bag of chips. That Larry, he sure knows how to show a girl a good time, doesn't he?
After a not-so-leisurely lunch, gentleman that he is, Larry offered to walk me to my car. Now, ever since my little parking lot incident last June, I've been careful to park my car far, far away from any other cars. Seeing as how we have to send some kids to college soon, I just can't afford to take any more bumper-scraping risks. Plus, I can use the exercise.
So, we set off. We walked. And we walked. And we walked some more. In fact, we walked so far that Larry finally felt constrained to ask, "By any chance, did you park at home?"
Okay. Deep breath here. Trying not to get upset. Maybe I should stop reading the papers, that might help. Then I wouldn't come across gems like this one. 290 billion dollars handed out to companies who are essentially financial miscreants, and there hasn't been any oversight? Could someone explain that to me, please?
Maybe Congress and the Treasury should dispense with all pretense and just come to my door, knee me in the groin, and take my wallet. I think that would be more honest, don't you?
In honor of the latest economic news, I share with you Arlo Guthrie's recently updated version of Tom Paxton's very funny "I'm Changing My Name To Chrysler." I prefer the original version, because Mr. Paxton managed to rhyme "Iacocca" with "power broker." But the YouTuber who posted that version is looking to overthrow the capitalist system, and I wouldn't want any of you to think I was supporting a Socialist or anything.
I slipped up yesterday: I agreed to meet with friends at Burger King, completely forgetting about my ongoing quest to eat only the food already in our house. I honored the spirit of the Iron Mom subsistence experiment, however, by ordering only from the Dollar Menu. That works, right? I'd hate to be disqualified from the competition at this point.
By the way, BK has this weird thing right now where you donate a dollar to some cause or another and they give you a booklet of 8 Value Fry coupons. So I paid a dollar and bought 8 fries. That can't be right.
Thank you all for the fun potato recipes. We dined on oven-roasted potatoes and carrots last night; and this evening I threw the leftovers in a pan and scrambled eggs with them. Also, I discovered a cache of brussels sprouts in my veggie drawer to serve as a vegetable. Oddly enough, Brian (the quintessential meat-and-potatoes kid) loved them. He kept begging for more.
First the Democrats manage to win a Presidential election and now I have an 8-year-old boy salivating over brussels sprouts. Is it the end times, or what?
Way back when Larry and I first got married, we (very quickly) realized there was no way we could collaborate on balancing a checkbook (or on anything else for that matter) (um, aside from the obvious). So I took over the finances and handily saw us through some very lean times. I paid all the bills, oversaw the food budget, bought the clothes...In short, I was the family CFO. But after 10 years of superb financial management, we acquired something new - dental insurance.
What can I say? That insurance company brought this financial maven to her knees. And Larry didn't have a clue until he noticed letters from that nefarious organization piling up unopened. We started having conversations like this:
I tried! The baby cried during the voicemail options and I had to call again, and then another kid fell and bumped her head, and...and... it's just not worth it. It just has to go away.
So, manly man that he is, Larry called and figured things out and impressed me so much with his financial savoir-faire that I dumped all the household finances in his lap. Now he does the macro and I do the micro (food, clothing, yarn) and everyone is happy, happy, happy.
Things were okay at first; but then I noticed dental claim forms piling up around the house. I did my best to ignore the threatening stacks of paper, although I couldn't help but fear that Larry's financial management skills would be felled by the same monster as had cut me down in my fiscal prime. And then who would manage the family finances?
Anna, maybe? But, no - she would just sign all the paychecks directly over to Kohl's. I started imagining us all homeless and hungry, but well dressed.
Well, disaster, I am glad to say, has been averted. Larry, after 2 and a half hours on the phone this morning with 2 dental offices and 3 (count them, three) insurance companies, emerged smiling and victorious. And now we won't be forced to live in our van in the Kohl's parking lot.
A visiting priest at Larry's church once informed the congregation (or whatever you call it at a Catholic church) that "...'killing for Christ' is not sound theology." Well, someone had better tell these monks that before someone gets hurt.
The plumber arrived at 6:30, just as I was heading out the door to Bunko. I have no idea what he did, but now he's gone and Theo just reported that the shower has spit up again. It doesn't look good, folks.
I have set up a Facebook account for Anna, which activity required hours of first setting up an account for myself to figure out how everything worked. Then I had to convince Larry that this particular social networking scene seems safe enough (if we monitor it). That took another hour. All so she can gab online...sheesh...who would want to spend time doing that?
I know, y'all want to know how my Iron Mom subsistence experiment is going. I have to admit, I did pick up eggs and yogurt and bread yesterday locally. So, that's 30 dollars - still better than the 350 I would have spent at the commissary (I rationalize). Brian cried at dinner because I made him finish his black bean soup before he could have any of Theo's (belated) birthday cake. And I haven't even told the poor kid yet that it's beans all week.
If roasting chickens go on sale for 69 cents a pound, however, I'm getting a couple. I figure that's like Pa Ingalls managing to shoot some game to round out the family diet, right? Or am I rationalizing yet again?
Anyway, someone tell me what to do with a bushel of potatoes, will you? I paid only 24 dollars for them at the Farmers' Market over a week ago, which is an excellent deal in these parts; but Larry doesn't think I'm going to be able to use them all before they rot. So send me your (dairy-free) recipes! I'll try them all.
We're making progress with Susie's housebreaking: she still poops in her pants, but she goes outside to do it. Maybe I should just buy her a leash and a pooper-scooper. Whaddaya think?
The leaves are falling in great numbers here, and the 4 youngest spent about 3 hours outside this afternoon, piling them up and playing in them. Need I tell you that I love autumn? Of course, Susie did have periodic hissy fits because there were leaf bits in the pockets of her dress. Or up her sleeves. Or down her neck.
We can't run the water in the kitchen at all, without risking a tsunami in our downstairs bathroom. Or maybe I mean a geyser. Or some other sort of a natural water-based phenomenon. Larry actually said to me, "It's really disgusting, don't even look." Okay, then. The only good thing is that the flood might drown any mice that find their way in there.
I'm over at MidCentury Modern Moms today, sharing my newfound wisdom on how to handle teen daughter wardrobe crises. Read all about it!
Theo's birthday is tomorrow. I got him a gift card to a fast food place. And some more gummy bears. I also picked up a free (retractable!) measuring tape key ring at our credit union this morning. I'm thinking the key ring would be a lot more exciting if it had a key to a new car on it, but that is most emphatically not going to happen. Now excuse me while I try to scare up some wrapping paper that is neither pink nor purple.
Larry and I double-dated with another couple tonight. That meant that Anna (as one of our designated babysitters) wasn't able to take advantage of a last-minute ice-skating invitation for this evening. And I am sure she will never let us forget it.
Shower drain update: Theo informed me last night (right after I finished my post, in fact) that the bathroom floor was covered with water that had apparently overflowed from the shower pan. Gross, disgusting water which was full of bits of old food...So I did what any capable homemaker would do in that situation: I woke up my husband and told him we had a problem.
It being the weekend and all, he decided to just "keep an eye on it" until Monday, when plumbers are cheaper than on the weekend (cheaper being an extremely relative term here). It looks as though the flood waters aren't rising so long as we do not use the dishwasher. The only pleasure I am getting out of this plumbing ordeal is being able to tell Anna that we have to wash and dry all the dishes by hand. She really likes that.
I'm thinking of having the kids live on whatever food is currently in our house for the next 2 weeks, just to make them more thankful at Thanksgiving. I could call it The Great Subsistence Experiment. I've got a bushel of potatoes, half a bushel of apples, lots of dried beans, some canned tuna, and oatmeal. Also, salsa...but you knew that already...
That's more than most pioneer families had to eat for an entire winter, I'll bet. Still, I hesitate. It's not that I worry about potential malnourishment; it's just that I'm not sure that I can take the prolonged whining that such an experience would engender. This experiment could turn into the Iron Man of mom competitions. "Can she take it? Or will she break?"
Not the researchers, that's for sure. I can only draw one conclusion from this: we send our kids to college to get stupid. Because I'm sure there is not one kid alive in any grade K-12 who is in the dark on this matter.
A surprising number of people are, um, airing their dirty laundry in yesterday's comments. And my friend, in an attempt to salvage her housekeeping reputation, told me today that the reason her son didn't have any clean clothes yesterday was because they all had cat pee on them.
Sorry to disappoint everyone, but we currently have no mice and no vomit. No vomiting mice, either. We do, however, have a long-standing problem with a vomiting shower drain. Is that good enough? For some reason, our kitchen disposal's pipe at some point joins up with the basement shower's pipe; and the basement shower's pipe never seems to like what we had for dinner. To fix the problem would require major plumbing surgery, which we can't afford at this point.
After cleaning up the regurgitated mess that was left in the shower pan yesterday, however, I am considering selling one of the children in order to raise the funds. I just have to decide which one would bring in the most money.
And, speaking of money, how about that economy, huh? Can I give everyone one teeny bit of advice? Stop looking at your 401K statements. It isn't going to help, and it's too late to do anything about it. Just hang on for the ride.
Barricading myself in the bathroom this afternoon in order to eat a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup in peace (while my 3-year-old whined and cried outside the door) was not, I will admit, my finest mothering hour. I would have felt bad about my nurturing deficiencies, but then my friend (of the Fridge of Shame fame) admitted to me that her son couldn't come play with David today because he had no clean clothes left to wear.
It's just a post-Election, post-Halloween, post-Houseguest breakdown, really. My sister-in-law left early this morning and I woke up to a house strewn with used craft items and leftover candy. I also woke up to the realization that all the fun campaign news is over. It seems that reading about Obama's transition team isn't nearly as entertaining as hearing the fun stories from the campaign trail. However, my day was a bit redeemed when I found the following news report on all those Obama volunteers:
This nasty chest cold that I've picked up isn't helping my malaise much. The funny thing is, I feel fine - except for the shortness of breath and the hacking, phlegm-y cough. But I was probably breathing too much anyway. Can oxygen make me fat?
Well, let's put all that election stuff behind us, shall we? Enough of politics absorbing all my time and attention, enough of blue/red distinctions dividing us. Instead, we need to focus on the common ground that is our refrigerators. We all have items begging to be released from the depths of our iceboxes, deep dark menu secrets that we try to hide not only from those who know us best, but even from ourselves. Well, this is the weekly feature where Suburban Correspondent bares all, as it were, and exposes the truth about her housekeeping habits.
We have surprisingly few eligible candidates right now. Wait! Did I say candidates? I meant, containers. We have only 4 containers to photograph this week, and....
Okay, that's better. Where was I? Oh, yes...I don't know what is in the bottom container. They may be cooked pinto beans that I put in the freezer to use at some later point. (Stop laughing at me. I can dream, can't I?) The problem with Gladware (or at least its cheap imitations) is that, once frozen, it becomes very brittle. Then, when it comes falling out of the freezer (which happens all the time around here), it shatters. So this container (and its contents) have to go.
Second from the top are leftover refried beans which no one noticed until it was too late. And on top of that are some canned baked beans from Lord knows when.
So, as I do every Wednesday, I will release all these items, as it were, from their prolonged bondage. I can almost hear them chanting as I remove them from the storage container shapes that have defined them for so long, "Free at last! Free at last! Thank God Almighty, we are free at last!"
[Edited to add: Yay! I fixed the comments! My apologies to all of you who have tried unsuccessfully to comment since last night. Please try again.]
In other words, hardly any of my friends are talking to me right now, save for last-ditch attempts to make me see reason. But I'm listening to other people right now. General Colin Powell, for instance; and The Economist. So, if you want to know why I am voting for a babykilling alleged socialist, please click on those 2 links. They say it much better than I can. (If you are too busy to click on both, read the second one.)
I am also listening to my heart, a heart sick of politicians capitalizing on the blue/red divide in this great country of ours. I'm purple, folks; solid purple. There are many others out there like me, and it is time that we make our voices heard. We want someone who, after winning a close presidential race, will not stand up there and say that he has a mandate (I'm looking at you, President George W. Bush). We want someone who will acknowledge that almost half the people didn't vote for him and who will pledge to seek compromise on the issues near and dear to all of us. Our country has been held hostage by extremists on either end for long enough.
In addition, our military is being held hostage in Iraq, while it is needed elsewhere. Pinned down between warring factions of a society rent by civil disorder, it is being drained of its ability to defend us from new threats which are emerging worldwide. The surge has "worked" not by reconciling these divisions, but by capitalizing on them. It was a wise strategy on General Petraeus' part, good for a short-term solution to escalating violence; but it brings us no closer to the stable pan-Iraqi government we claim as our ultimate goal. Senator Obama is not afraid to state this distasteful truth.
I voted for Senator McCain back in the 2000 primaries. I believe that if he had won that election, our country would be far better off than it is today. But my faith in him is shaken, because Senator McCain's campaign is being held hostage by the far right wing of the Republican party; and we have no assurances that the same would not happen to a McCain presidency. And should something, heaven forbid, happen to him while he is in office, we would be left with a president who is fairly identical to President George W. Bush. The neoconservatives would move right back in to advise Ms. Palin, putting our country at risk once again of a reckless foreign policy and a disregard for important domestic issues.
We prolife centrists have been held hostage by the prolife movement's insistence on a legislative solution to the abortion problem for the last 35 years or so. Women deserve better than abortion, and they deserve a prolife movement that will spend its resources (time, money, talent) on providing them with an alternative rather than on protracted legal wranglings and abortion clinic prayer vigils. A legislative solution to the abortion problem is a chimera - I don't believe abortion will ever be illegal again in the U.S., and (unfortunately) the hard-liners on the left are dead set against any reasonable legal restrictions. Prayer vigils are counterproductive - being raised outside the pro-life community, I am more aware than most in the movement how they do nothing but alienate the people we most want to help.
We need to give these women real help - medical care, a living wage, affordable housing - so that they are not scared to bring children into this world. Some of this help can be brought about by the stated domestic policies of the Democratic candidate. We also need to open even more crisis pregnancy clinics and pour our money and efforts into those. What we don't need is to pin all our hopes (and the future of our country) on voting for a candidate simply because he/she is pro-life.
No candidate is perfect. I am choosing the candidate who is most willing to look for that common ground which unites us as Americans and to build from that. I am choosing the candidate who, while left of center, is still closer to the center than his opponent. I am choosing the candidate who wants to be President of all of the US, not half of it.
Sigh. It's almost Election Day, and I'm already feeling let down. What will I do for excitement once it's all over? How can I bond with my teens without funny SNL campaign skits to watch? And how will I be able to push people's buttons without being able to say something like, "I'm voting for the babykilling socialist?"
Dark days ahead, people. Dark, dark days, I tell you. Thank goodness I've got a sizeable stash of Snickers to see me through.
Auntie Kate is still here. She's having a good time, though I can tell she is thanking her lucky stars that she never had children. My having to retrieve the toilet-paper spindle from a poop-filled potty this evening certainly didn't help.
The results from my trick-or-treat survey yesterday are inconclusive. I need more responses. What's wrong with you all, anyway? Have you no interest in the sociological implications of a decline in trick-or-treating? Do we really want to live through a cocoa futures crash of inestimable dimensions? The ensuing chaos would make the Crash of '08 look insignificant by comparison (well, to me, anyway).
See how clever I was? I made the slogan brown, like chocolate. Or like the water in your toilet, really, while you are swishing poop around in a gag-inducing attempt to find a lost toilet-paper spindle...
November's not a bad month. That is, if you don't mind cold and rain and Christmas carols playing in every single store you step into. Right?
We usually get about 65 trick-or-treaters on Halloween. Plus or minus 10, say. Last year, I think we had close to 80. This year? 27. I've talked to friends around here and they experienced the same drop in the numbers of candy-begging urchins. I'm wondering whether this phenomenon is confined to my little corner of the world, or if it is more widespread. Did the number of trick-or-treaters at your door drop considerably this year?
And do you think the drop in numbers was caused by the election? Maybe the McCain campaign, with all its talk of "spreading the wealth" being the same as socialism, discouraged people from participating in spreading the candy around. Or perhaps the Obama campaign's emphasis on change confused people and made them think that it was time to change our Halloween customs.
And for those of you who are thinking, "Hey, Suburban Correspondent, election campaigns have nothing whatsoever to do with Halloween!" - well, I urge you to check out this article, sent to me by the Hotfessional. The sentence about the "crying children" cracks me up every single time.
skills and abilities to put on a job resume nursing,job skill examples for resumes skills and abilities to put on a down resume customer service what the part of,skills and abilities to put on a nursing resume additional for customer service things,skills and abilities to put on resume for customer service a example template job,what to put on the skills and abilities part of a resume job it free letter templates online down,skills abilities to put on a resume and computer for customer service different,skills and abilities you should put on a resume to job for customer service,what to put on a resume for skills and abilities down nursing the part of,different skills and abilities to put on a resume down qualifications you should,skills and abilities to put on a nursing resume things for down basic resumes list of computer applications.
This Diploma program provides support, encouragement, and qualification credits to people engaging in constructive action towards the goals of personal, community, and global resilience. It commences with our comprehensive online orientation after which you move into a design process in which you thoroughly survey your intended community of action to establish who else is engaged in action for resilience.
These people will likely include local permaculture designers, Transition Town activists, Food Sovereignty advocates, and more. While you may be able to augment the efforts of these people, you may also need to start your own, fresh projects. If you are already engaged in a project, taking a Diploma program will significantly raise its strategic value and give you access to mentors who will support you to strengthen your project and time management skills, entrepreneurial acumen, organizational design, and more.
The Diploma program begins with a series of 7 online courses consisting of readings, activities and live interactive webinars. Upon completing these courses you will be awarded our Certificate in Ecosocial Design.
These courses are followed by 2 intensive learning experiences centered around work documented in an e-portfolio and supported by readings, activities, live interactive webinars, one-on-one mentoring and advising. These experiences make up our Certificate in Auto-Ethnography and Learning Design.
These two certificate programs make up the beginning of all of our Diploma and Degree programs. They can also be taken individually or together without enrolling in a full program. For more information click here.
Following the content-rich, 6-month Certificate programs, you will start focusing on your self-chosen project work, making a series of structured project reports (output packets) that you will publish in your e-portfolio. Each report is reviewed by yourself, a peer, your main advisor, and your Permaculture mentor. This results in comprehensive feedback on your work as you progress along your pathway.
What you decide to focus on for your projects is entirely up to you. Student associates have designed projects on research topics, businesses, volunteer/professional work, land-based designs, personal development, and more. To see some example Outputs Packets click here (will open in new window).
The Nikon XF mechanical total station is packed with new features that make survey work easier and faster, including an...
Relationship between levels of group and individual learning in clinical nurses' organizational learning: a case study
Analysis of Clause 1 of Article 496 of the Penal Code of the Islamic Republic of Iran (2013) about the legal liabilities of nurses
Assessing the simple and multiple relationships between individual and organizational variables and job involvement among nurses
Relationship between head nurses' technical-clinical and organization competencies and newly nurses' clinical competencies in teaching hospitals: a cohort study
Usually I do not learn post on blogs, but I would like to say that this write-up very forced me to take a look at and do so! Your writing taste has been amazed me. Thanks, quite great article.
I think this is one of the most important info for me. And i am glad reading your article. But wanna remark on few general things, The website style is ideal, the articles is really nice : D. Good job, cheers
I was more than happy to find this web-site.I needed to thanks for your time for this excellent read!! I definitely enjoying every little bit of it and I have you bookmarked to take a look at new stuff you weblog post.
heyhello there and thank you for your informationinfo – I’veI have definitelycertainly picked up anythingsomething new from right here. I did however expertise somea fewseveral technical issuespoints using this web sitesitewebsite, sinceas I experienced to reload the siteweb sitewebsite manya lot oflots of times previous to I could get it to load properlycorrectly. I had been wondering if your hostingweb hostingweb host is OK? Not that I amI’m complaining, but sluggishslow loading instances times will very frequentlyoftensometimes affect your placement in google and cancould damage your high qualityqualityhigh-quality score if advertisingads and marketing with Adwords. AnywayWell I’mI am adding this RSS to my e-mailemail and cancould look out for a lotmuch more of your respective intriguingfascinatinginterestingexciting content. Make sureEnsure that you update this again soonvery soon.
You actually make it seem so easy with your presentation but I find this matter to be really something that I think I would never understand. It seems too complex and extremely broad for me. I am looking forward for your next post, I will try to get the hang of it!
I do not even know how I ended up here, but I thought this post was great. I do not know who you are but certainly you are going to a famous blogger if you are not already ;) Cheers!
Have you ever thought about writing an e-book or guest authoring on other websites? I have a blog centered on the same topics you discuss and would really like to have you share some stories/information. I know my visitors would value your work. If you’re even remotely interested, feel free to shoot me an e mail.
Cool article! Amazing article over this web. It is pretty worth enough for me. In my opinion, if all website owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the Inet will be a lot more helpful than ever before. I could not resist commenting. I have spent 3 hours trying to find such informations. I will also share it with my best friends interested in it. I have just bookmarked this site. Now with the search done, I’ll visit some free online babe cams. Thank you very much!! Greetings from Temecula!
Can I simply say what a aid to seek out somebody who actually knows what theyre speaking about on the internet. You undoubtedly know how to deliver an issue to mild and make it important. Extra folks have to read this and understand this aspect of the story. I cant believe youre no more in style since you definitely have the gift.
My partner and I absolutely love your blog and find many of your post’s to be what precisely I’m looking for. Does one offer guest writers to write content available for you? I wouldn’t mind writing a post or elaborating on many of the subjects you write related to here. Again, awesome blog!
I would like to express some appreciation to this writer just for rescuing me from this particular issue. After researching through the world wide web and coming across solutions which are not helpful, I thought my life was well over. Being alive devoid of the answers to the difficulties you’ve sorted out through the guideline is a critical case, as well as the kind that would have in a wrong way affected my entire career if I hadn’t come across your web site. Your good know-how and kindness in handling all the details was excellent. I am not sure what I would have done if I had not encountered such a thing like this. It’s possible to at this point look forward to my future. Thank you so much for this professional and effective help. I won’t hesitate to recommend the website to any person who ought to have tips on this topic.
Somebody necessarily assist to make seriously articles I’d state. That is the first time I frequented your web page and so far? I amazed with the analysis you made to create this particular publish incredible. Fantastic task!
I believethinkthink that what youeverything postedwrotetypedcomposedsaidpublishedI believethinkthink that what youeverything postedwrotetypedcomposedsaidpublishedI believethinkthink that what youeverything postedwrotetypedcomposedsaidpublishedI believethinkthink that what youeverything postedwrotetypedcomposedsaidpublishedWhat youEverything postedwrotetypedcomposedsaidpublished waswas actually very logicalreasonablemade a lot ofa ton ofa bunch ofa great deal of sense. ButHowever, what about this?think aboutconsiderthink on this, what ifsuppose you were to writecreate a killerawesome headlinetitlepost title?added a little contentinformation?wrotetypedcomposed a catchier titlepost title? I ain’tam not sayingsuggesting your contentinformation isn’tis not goodsolid.I ain’tam not sayingsuggesting your contentinformation isn’tis not goodsolidI mean, I don’t wantdon’t wish to tell you how to run your blogwebsite, buthowever what ifsuppose you added a titlepost titlesomethinga headlinetitlepost title that grabbed people’sa person’sfolk’s attention?to maybepossibly getgrab people’sa person’sfolk’s attention?that makes people wantdesire more? I mean BLOG_TITLE is a littlekinda vanillaplainboring. You couldought tomightshould peeklookglance at Yahoo’s homefront page and watchseenote how they createwritecreate postnewsarticle headlinestitles to getgrab viewerspeople interestedto clickto open the links. You might add a videoadd a related videotry adding a video or a related picturerelated picpicpicture or two to getgrab readerspeople interestedexcited about what youeverything’ve writtengot to say. Just my opinionIn my opinion, it mightcouldwould bringmake your postsblogwebsite a little liveliera little bit more interesting.
It’s hard to finddifficult to findnearly impossible to findhard to come by knowledgeableeducatedwell-informedexperienced people on thisabout thisfor thisin this particular topicsubject, but youhowever, you sound likeseem like you know what you’re talking about! Thanks
I don’t knowdo not know if it’swhether it’s just me or ifif perhaps everyone elseeverybody else experiencingencountering problems withissues with your blogyour websiteyour site. It seems likeIt appears likeIt appears as ifIt looks likeIt appears as though some of the textwritten text on yourwithin yourin your postscontent are running off the screen. Can someone elsesomebody else please commentprovide feedback and let me know if this is happening to them tooas well? This mightThis couldThis may be a problemissue with my browserweb browserinternet browser because I’ve had this happen beforepreviously. ThanksKudosAppreciate itCheersThank youMany thanks
fantastic points altogether, you simply gained a new reader. What would you suggest in regards to your post that you made a few days ago? Any positive?
Great blog! Is your theme custom made or did you download it from somewhere? A theme like yours with a few simple tweeks would really make my blog jump out. Please let me know where you got your design. Bless you
Thank you for another informative web site. Where else could I get that type of information written in such a perfect way? I have a project that I am just now working on, and I have been on the look out for such information.
I really appreciate this post. I’ve been looking everywhere for this! Thank goodness I found it on Bing. You’ve made my day! Thx again
I do not even understand how I stopped up right here, however I assumed this put up was once good. I do not recognize who you’re but definitely you are going to a well-known blogger if you happen to aren’t already ;) Cheers!
A person essentially help to make seriously articles I would state. This is the first time I frequented your website page and thus far? I amazed with the research you made to create this particular publish incredible. Wonderful job!
I do agree with all of the concepts you have introduced on your post. They are very convincing and will certainly work. Nonetheless, the posts are very brief for beginners. Could you please extend them a little from subsequent time? Thanks for the post.
I just couldn’t depart your web site before suggesting that I really loved the usual information an individual supply for your visitors? Is going to be again ceaselessly in order to check up on new posts
Published bi-monthly by the Allied Arts Council of Southern Nevada, Arts Alive featured the art and artists of Southern Nevada. Arts Alive Magazine
This collection includes the entire run of The Big Job and Basic Bombardier, newsletters published by Basic Magnesium, Inc. (BMI) between 1942 and 1944. Basic Magnesium, Inc. Newsletters
This collection includes a selection of digitized photographs and negatives taken at and around Basic Magnesium, Inc. (BMI) between 1941 and 1945. Basic Magnesium, Inc. Photographs
Published quarterly by the Clark County Nevada Genealogical Society, The Prospector features articles supporting genealogical research. CCNGS Newsletters
This collection includes photographs, a short film about Henderson's history, City of Henderson 50th Anniversary book, and Living Memories Oral Histories provided by the City of Henderson. City of Henderson Collection
This collection includes the run of local youth magazine CLASS!, a free monthly news publication written by, for and about the high school students of Clark County, Nevada. CLASS! Magazine
Selected historical materials donated by the Henderson Chamber of Commerce in 2014, including portrait photographs of Chamber presidents dating from 1945. Henderson Libraries has original black and white portrait photographs of HCC members dating from 1940s; architectural drawings of buildings in Henderson, Nevada; assorted photographs and memorabilia; assorted media from Henderson Chamber of Commerce. Henderson Chamber of Commerce Collection
The Henderson Coordinating Council was originally organized in 1943 with representatives of local businesses and non-political organizations to address a "developing problem" in the community that is not explicitly identified. After a period of inactivity, the Council was reorganized and reactivated in 1945, supporting community development and charitable works until it disbanded in 1955. Henderson Coordinating Council Records
This digital collection includes almost every issue of the Henderson Home News, including the supplemental issues published in the Boulder City News in 1949 and 1950 as well as the stand-alone issues published in and after 1951. Henderson Home News Collection
Look here for teen talent show performances, creative writing entries, photographs, panel discussions, International Festival performances, and more. This collection highlights the talent, creativity, and expertise that can be found in our own community. Henderson Libraries Events
This collection includes photographs, oral histories, and other materials that detail life in Henderson from many different perspectives. Henderson Memories Collection
This collection includes oral histories that detail life in Henderson from many different perspective. Interviews are conducted by the Henderson District Public Library, Henderson Historical Society, and the Southwest Oral History Association. The oral histories of "old-timers" in Henderson and the oral histories of individuals who came later to the city provide insight into the various ways in which the town has grown, changed, and developed. All of the video oral histories in this collection include fully searchable transcripts. Henderson Oral History Project
This collection includes scrapbooks that contain newspaper and magazine clippings about the city of Henderson and its industrial history. Henderson's History in Scrapbooks Collection
Henderson's Industrial Days celebration began as an anniversary celebration in April 1952 when Henderson celebrated its 10th anniversary and its history as the center of industry for Nevada. (The city did not officially incorporate until 1953, but construction of the townsite that became Henderson began in 1942.) Industrial Days Collection
Nevada State College Library creates digital collections and makes them available not only to students but also to the community in order to enhance scholarship and research; to increase access to its holdings; to support the teaching and learning activities of Nevada State College faculty and students; and to promote lifelong learning by the citizens of Nevada and the public at large. Nevada State College Digital Collections
This collection contains USGS and US Army Corps of Engineer topographic maps of various locations in Southern Nevada dating between 1945 and 1984. Southern Nevada Maps Collection
In 2006, Henderson Libraries participated in the Library of Congress' Veterans History Project. Henderson Libraries staff filmed and interviewed local military veterans about their experiences in World War II, the Korean War, and the Vietnam War. Veterans Oral History Project
Most of the documents and photographs in this collection reveal many of the daily and annual activities undertaken by the Adrian Dominican Sisters and by the women of the hospital's auxiliary, who have been essential to the hospital's growth. Narratives by and interviews with former Sisters and staff members recount much of the history of the hospital. Women of St. Rose Collection
WomensCare Magazine has been published quarterly by St. Rose Dominican Hospitals since 1999. This digital collection includes all but two of the issues and will continue to be updated as new issues of the magazine become available. WomensCare Magazine
If you choose to provide your information, it will be used to offer or provide you with our services and/or the services of our associates. We may also ask you for feedback. We may not be able to assist you if you do not provide your information. We may need to disclose your information to other organisations providing services to us, that may be overseas. If you would prefer not to receive marketing material you can always unsubscribe. We include a simple unsubscribe feature on all electronic marketing materials that we send. Our Privacy Policy (which is available on this website) contains information about how you can access your personal information and request corrections or lodge a complaint. Information about who we are and how to contact us is available on this website.
mobilní verze | Businessworld | Computerworld | HD World | ChannelWorld | PC World | Smart World | Eventworld
"Stalking Panther" is the Brave name he was given by the tribal elders. He is a stealthy hunter with a wicked aim
Witty, self-assured and reckless, Tahlavain is a skilled swordsman outcast to the edges of Eladrin society due to the circumstances of his birth.
Costa Adeje Gardens is a small family friendly complex situated in Torviscas Alto, just a short stroll to the Torviscas Beach and offers magnificent views over the Atlantic Ocean and the island of La Gomera. The resort is a two minute walk from Aqualand Water Park and is adjacent to a Commercial Centre for shopping or eating out and the easily accessible San Eugenio shopping centre (where you will find a large supermarket) is just 15 minutes walk from the complex
Facilities include a large outdoor swimming pool, a separate pool for children surrounded by a sun terrace with sun loungers.
Costa Adeje Gardens has a total of 30 one and two bedroom apartments spread over 2 floors. All apartments are nicely furnished and come complete with a fully equipped kitchenette and dining area, flat screen TV with satellite channels and safety deposit box.
Theres plenty of opportunities for the water sport enthusiast including the nearby Puerto Deportivo Colon which is great for snorkelling. Why not take a leisurely sail over to the island of Gomera and see the whales?
We create unforgettable environments, and vividly enhancing stores, restaurants, and corporate spaces—and making them powerfully strategic.
Dynamic design. Captivating staging. Full-scale logistics. Trust us to conceive and execute flawless events that meet your objectives and maximize your budget.
our banners, murals, and overall design expertise add intrigue and inspire customers— enticing them to peruse your booth, attend your talk, or just buy.
"Experience counts. TEC’s expert, on-site supervision saved money and aggravation. In addition, they took every opportunity to suggest ways we could update our booth and save $$ using new materials and techniques. Great service!"
As usual, your performance was on time and on budget. The critical coordination required for this special event was outstanding!
Three venues within an 18 hour timeframe and a great deal of coordination with many other suppliers. As always, TEC was well organized and proficient in all of their efforts and we are most appreciative of the excellent work!
With innate creativity, original designs, and efficient technology, we conceive and create extraordinary displays— tradeshow booths, store environments, strategic events, and more — that bring your brand to life.
01.10 Cold end technology for float glass, laminated glass, wired glass and other types of flat glass
Pretend I'm having this conversation with you. I flex a bit first, then sit and have some sexy talk time while playing with my cock and balls, before I blow a load onto my thigh.
Not really a workout, just some light arm work while getting horny, so that I get naked and blow a big load. Still in furry bear season, so I'm showing off my hairy gut and chest too.
For my fans who like the peek-a-boo tease, ya know...a plump dick or nipple slipping out from a loose fitting robe, this video is for you, and if you enjoy getting a close up of a nice tight pink hole as it's being fingered, then a nice juicy cum load at the end, well you may just lose your fucking ...
It is bear season for me and my fans. I'm stroking my furry pecs, my furry muscle gut, doing a bit of flexing, then I get completely naked and rub out a huge dripping load as I'm telling you that you need to be licking it up.
Combining two shorter videos into one. There is a Thanksgiving Eve arm workout and a Thanksgiving Day jerk-off while watching porn.
Tags: MUSCLE WORSHIP, FLEXING, SOLO MALES, BICEPS, SOLO MASTURBATION flexbigmuscle, muscles, daddy, bear, cock, jerk-off, wank, workout, gym, exercise, dick, cum, worship, thick, beefy
Some flexing and teasing before I aggressively and verbally put a beating down on you, then fuck your face and shoot my burning load in your eyes (the camera).
Just me enjoying porn and talking to you about the porn I am watching, getting hard in my nylon gym shorts, shooting a nice load on my thigh, doing some flexing....an old man trying to be sexy...lol.
Home from errands, you catch me undressing from my jeans, t-shirt, then my tighty-whities, then I start to get horny, play with my ass and cock until I cum.
Another new gift from a fan. I love wrestling singlets. I show off in this one by flexing my biceps, bouncing my beefy pecs, then pulling out my balls and cock to tease you before shooting a big juicy load at the camera.
This is probably one of my most popular characters, and this time this very verbal step has a step son played by you--the camera, and you can't take your eyes off my massive bulge to the point that it distracts you from being able to do your chores that I'm demanding that you do, so I give you anoth ...
Needing to go to the bathroom to take a piss but I get distracted by the bulge in my shorts and play with it a bit before I pee.
Tags: SOLO MALES, MUSCLE WORSHIP, SOLO MASTURBATION, FLEXING, COCK WORSHIP flexbigmuscle, muscles, daddy, bear, thick, beefy, cock, dick, wank, jerk off, cum, load, underwear, balls, nuts
Please confirm that you are a human user and not an automated program by entering the letters shown in the image below and clicking "OK":
If you are seeing this message frequently, this is because ctext.org assigns a low trust value to your access patterns. Trust is calculated based on a number of indicators, primarily the prior actions of users with similar access patterns to your own. The more ctext trusts you, the less frequently it will show you this page.
One can convert a very simple shape to a complex logo very easily in Corel Draw. Here is a video (Tutorial) in which I tried to develop a 3D logo ...
I have most for the hardware sorted out but need a willing programmer to help finish off the software side.The mega2560 will monitor ,tune and protect the amplifier and communicate with the arm controller( tft touch screen )via serial /which ever way is easiest , which will as well send information to a pc via onboard lan from the display(netserver) ....i have some projects i have downloaded from the net to help out with the software side and make things easier ...
This project would probably require on-site collaboration. Saying where in the world you are would be useful.
Here you can find answers to questions about how the board works. Use the links on the left or the search box below to find what you are looking for.
Hello firstly. I'm looking for a psp cause i hear the vita is a bit difficult to work with out sight. and they're no longer sold, obviously as a new product.. is this true? also for mortal kombat X for xbox1 is there a setting to get the announcer to tell who wins in every round not just after the final one?
"There is no sense crying over every mistake. You just keep on trying till you run out of cake. Then the science gets done, and you make a neat gun for the people who are still alive."
At Michael, yeah your right, the PSP isn't sold anymore, so you have to check on amazon or ebay for a used model, get the 3005 model, it's slim and has an upgraded processor and ram.
It also has the possibility to put a custom firmware on it so you can do lots of cool stuff with it, from putting games on a memory stick, installing emulators and so on. Putting games onto the memory stick dramatically increases the batterie life because the UMD drive doesnt need to be used, so the unit is running silently. Also, the loading times are just awesome. While you had to wait for about 30 seconds to load a game in MLB 06 the show, with my memory stick it takes about 5 to 7 seconds.
Regarding MK X on the xbox, as far as I have seen, there is no way for the announcer to speak the winner after every round, but with the characters saying their lines, it's pritty obvious who won.
We’re canvassing into deep, inner issues this week, especially about money. Post Virgo New Moon, we have Saturn, Uranus, and Mercury in a grand earth trine. Venus ingresses into Scorpio while Jupiter and Neptune pour their water intuition into Pluto, through a sextile formation. Find some time early week to bring yourself into a place where you’re able to be honest with yourself about what your expectations about money, support, and sustainability is.
When did your money trauma happen? Was it one event or sustained throughout the years? Where did it happen and what did it change in your life? How has it changed the ways you allow yourself to trust other people, the world, and yourself?
Try to figure out what money means to you and what it keeps you from thinking about. We’re thinking emotionally about money this week, so it’s less about what you’re planning versus what your fears, anxieties, and desire are. With Uranus in Taurus for the next seven years, it’s also a good time to thinking about how to mobilize community around issues of support and sustainability.
You’re going through career changes. You might have a new time schedule after this week. Prepare for it by setting a new bed time or alarm clock situation. Adjust your circadian rhythm to excel everyday in a new way. Invest in new routines and ways of going about your business. You want to spend your energy in the way best that you can.
Things are lining up for you. You know what you want and how you want to get it. Career opportunities can come to you, especially ones that show your personal genius. Take advantage of it by investing in something not just for now, but something for the future. Find out what satisfies you and do that. Bide your time and your patience.
What did your family or past teach you about sex, power, and self worth? You’re going deep this week, Gemini, on learned things that happened long ago, which may still control you today. Unpacking and deconstructing some assumptions might lead to a better sense of trust with the people you want to love completely and wholly.
Communication is key. Is there anything you tend to skim over, because you feel like the person already knows? Chances are, no one knows until you find a way to say it. Plan your conversations in advance. Hold some things close to the heart. Even those closest to you don’t have to know everything about you, just the things that are necessary.
Get smart about money. Find ways of asking for more at work. Finding a way to get a raise or switching jobs so that you make more money is something you should be doing every year and, right now, it’s the best time to do it for you. You need to review your dreams and make sure that you’re able to support the biggest ones that you have.
It’s the perfect time for changing aspects of your appearance, like getting a haircut or restyling your wardrobe. You’re attractive in a whole new way. Attract different people and fall in love differently. You’re a new version of yourself for the year. It’s important to look and feel that way. Be your most creative self and show that creativity off.
Go back home, wherever that is. Maybe you need to visit your family. Maybe you need to just hole up in your apartment and room for a few days. Maybe home is a particular loved one you need to remind yourself exists in your life. Make sure you have plenty of space around you for thinking and dreaming. Clean up any messes that you may have made.
Hang out with some friends. You need the company of those who are like you around you this week. When you find great company, you have great conversations and great ideas. It’s important that you’re just around people this week, without needing to give or take anything, because there might be a word or phrase from someone else’s mouth that you need to hear.
You need to start accounting for things and being accountable for things. This will improve your relationships with colleagues, friends, family, and anyone who gives you support. When you show that you’re responsible, people want to fuel your big dreams. They see you as inspirational. When you’re irresponsible, people think you’re a scam artist.
You’re thinking of who you want to be and what your strength are. Your strengths are highlighted this week and you’ve got several. Strategize ways of using them to your best ability, so that you’re using yourself in the best way possible. Ask yourself once again what you want to be when you grow up, knowing that growing up is a continual process.
Think back to your early childhood up to now. What are the subconscious impulses you have in terms of how you deal with money? Did you grow up always wanting something? Did money represent a part of the American dream to you? Find a way, through journaling or dreamwork, to manipulate your security complexes in your security.
Reach out to your friends for support. You’re not alone, and life will prove to you that you’re not. Even with money. Don’t give into the highly individual pursuit of money, which becomes a dream that always remains unfulfilled, but problem solve ways to use money in support of yourself and those you love. This will give you more security.
Bring the ancient land of Egypt a little closer to home with with 20% off! Book by July 31, 2014 (with travel no later than December 10, 2015) and save 20% on our full roster of trips to Egypt! Just quote promo G14EGYPT20EBB at time of booking. Find the right small group tour to Egypt—and save.
I’ve been lucky enough to visit Egypt twice, and on both trips, Luxor was the standout highlight. While the pyramids are a must-see for anyone visiting Egypt, I’m more than happy to trade the hustle and bustle of Cairo for the world’s “greatest open-air museum.” Surrounded by truly stunning scenery on the banks of the River Nile, there’s so much to see that you’ll be hard pushed to squeeze it into 48 hours but, if that’s all you have, then here’s some definite must-dos that I’d recommend.
VISIT: First stop, Karnak Temple, a vast complex of temples, chapels, pylons, sanctuaries, and other buildings. As a UNESCO World Heritage Site, you’ll need at least a couple of hours to soak up the history and the stories that surround this stunning site. Stroll past the last remaining sphinxes towards the massive carved columns in the Hypostyle Hall – the ceiling has long since been destroyed, leaving blue skies and sunbeams to shine down on the carvings that cover the columns and keep you and your camera occupied for hours.
DRINK: Refresh yourself with a glass of sugar cane juice, available from almost every fruit juice vendors along the road. Be warned: as the name suggests, it’s outrageously sweet!
VISIT: There’s only one time to see Luxor Temple, and that’s at sunset, staying through into the evening when the temple is beautifully lit up. From the outside you can view the remains of the original 3km (1.9 mi) “Avenue of the Sphinxes” that linked Luxor Temple with Karnak. As the sun sets on the temple, the stone glows with a golden hue against the backdrop of the evening sky. A stroll between the imposing obelisk at the entrance into the heart of the temple and the hypostyle hall is a truly magical experience.
EAT: As a semi-vegetarian, I watched my travelling companions devour everything from pigeon to beef during our trip – all of which was declared delicious. I, on the other hand, stuck with some of Egypt’s famous vegetarian delicacies. Must-haves include delectable babaganoush (a paste of aubergines mashed with tahini), kushari (a mixture of noodles, lentils, and rice topped with fried onions and a spicy tomato sauce), falafel (balls of deep-fried mashed chickpeas and spices), and tahini (sesame-seed paste mixed with garlic, spices, and lemon, served with pita bread).
DO: Start early and reach the Valley of the Kings on the west bank, the resting place of 63 royal tombs. Standard-entry tickets grant access to the site and to three of the tombs of your choosing – although not all tombs are open all the time and the ticket does not permit entry to a select few, including the famous tomb of Tutankhamun. I would recommend buying a guide to hieroglyphics before you go; visually, the scenes are stunning, but they mean so much more if you understand their stories.
From the intricate hieroglyphics of the tombs, head for the monumental and dazzling Memorial Temple of Hatshepsut, that sits at the foot of 300m-high (984 ft) limestone cliffs. Cut into the cliff face, this man-made monument features delicate relief work throughout the walls on the lower and middle terraces that tell stories of early expeditions and journeys.
Heading back towards town, you’ll pass the faceless Colossi of Memnon that quite literally sit alongside the road. 18m (59 ft) in height, these figures keep vigil over the west bank, the last remaining pieces of what was once a vast temple complex, larger even than Karnak.
DO: No trip to Egypt would be complete without a sunset cruise on a felucca along the Nile. Jump on one of the feluccas at Luxor harbour and float downstream as the sun sets over the west bank, enjoying a cup of mint tea as you watch the world slip by from your own little piece of paradise.
EAT: If you get the chance, enjoy lunch with a local family. Invited to dine with one family, my friends and I spent an idyllic hour in their home, enjoying what was quite simply the best babaganoush I have ever had. Three generations entertained us as we ate, later giving us a tour of their home and introducing us to their chickens.
Egypt’s landscape offers a unique travel experience. Go now to go back into the storied histories it has to offer. G Adventures runs a number of departures to Egypt encompassing a wide range of departure dates and activities to cater for different tastes. Check out our roster of small group trips to this mesmerizing land. Check out Egypt with us today!
Occasionally, being logged to the Computer as administrator could be the required trick in order to manually manage new drivers. Should the specific setup causes issues, or even keeps certain drivers from properly interacting with others, make an effort to perform those steps logged in as administrator. When everything else fails think about the driver installation software package. It's going to maintain all of your drivers up-dated without you being required to figure out anything at all regarding your System configuration or taking any sort of uncalled for risks. Most tools additionally backup the entire Personal computer layout, and that means you could return to the old setting when the need come up.
Unlike when ever manually grabbing a driver, if you utilize a scanner you've got no need to enter the necessary driver model nor the precise name, nor any detail concerning the driver. Bad drivers have a tendency to affect many layers on your hard drive, besides the application they're specifically associated to. Almost all driver scanners offer a fairly huge selection of up graded drivers, and every one of them performs the driver scan speedily and dependably, looking up the effected drivers and getting it the up graded editions in seconds. On top of the issues which could derive from a bad Iomega Zip 100 ( USB ), a person may also encounter a complete shutdown, or 'blue screen'.
Making ideal utilisation of your personal machine is based not merely on Iomega Zip 100 ( USB ), but additionally on an immense list of drivers that bond your computer hardware and your devices. Searching for the appropriate modernized driver online generally is a tough process, as many drivers are not readily available, and those that are cannot be readily downloaded.
Undergoing an computer improvement is considered the most usual situation in which a driver scanner gets to be almost vital, given it offers to up grade the wide database of drivers and make them accessible to the recent windows variation.
The high availability, low price, and high productivity of programmed driver scanner programs makes them the conventional technique for personal pc users set on retaining their equipment at high effectiveness level.
Don't forget, applying the incorrect driver will never overcome the undesirable issues on your system, and can actually make things worse still.
the hang ups stayed, in spite of the fact windows manager placed Iomega Zip 100 ( USB ) I made the decision to utilize the scanner, for the reason that manufacturer did not respond after i attempted to get in touch with him. at the outset i couldn't realize how to make the purchase, though subsequently, the install ended up being pain-free, and so was the scan. each of the bad drivers had been repaired (it discovered 11 more) regarding the buy - I discovered the order form was at the window beneath, so i made the transaction and now all things are all right once again. I Really reckon you will find there's a happy ending, even though I spent too much effort with this disorder.
manual installation causing situations - the tucked away partitions on my workstation, that i didn't remember about, induced the setup to give out a red error messege. Can One implement manual installation with no knowledge of which partition is pertinent? This Iomega Zip 100 ( USB ) up-date sure is developing into an annoyance.
Made an effort using safe mode to work with uninstall, yet even so did not take on the particular update. It seems Could not escape acquiring the scanner...
Unlike when ever manually grabbing a driver, if you utilize a scanner you've got no need to enter the necessary driver model nor the precise name, nor any detail concerning the driver. Bad drivers have a tendency to affect many layers on your hard drive, besides the application they're specifically associated to. Almost all driver scanners offer a fairly huge selection of up graded drivers, and every one of them performs the driver scan speedily and dependably, looking up the effected drivers and getting it the up graded editions in seconds. On top of the issues which could derive from a bad Ricoh MMC Disk Device, a person may also encounter a complete shutdown, or 'blue screen'.
Making ideal utilisation of your personal machine is based not merely on Ricoh MMC Disk Device, but additionally on an immense list of drivers that bond your computer hardware and your devices. Searching for the appropriate modernized driver online generally is a tough process, as many drivers are not readily available, and those that are cannot be readily downloaded.
the hang ups stayed, in spite of the fact windows manager placed Ricoh MMC Disk Device I made the decision to utilize the scanner, for the reason that manufacturer did not respond after i attempted to get in touch with him. at the outset i couldn't realize how to make the purchase, though subsequently, the install ended up being pain-free, and so was the scan. each of the bad drivers had been repaired (it discovered 11 more) regarding the buy - I discovered the order form was at the window beneath, so i made the transaction and now all things are all right once again. I Really reckon you will find there's a happy ending, even though I spent too much effort with this disorder.
manual installation causing situations - the tucked away partitions on my workstation, that i didn't remember about, induced the setup to give out a red error messege. Can One implement manual installation with no knowledge of which partition is pertinent? This Ricoh MMC Disk Device up-date sure is developing into an annoyance.
Nice and unusual composition Benyamin, with a wonderful POV, sweet colors and focus something soft, but that non deteriorate the quality of the image.
This is a great shot, lovely close composition, great POV, lovely colours and nicely sharp. Unusual view
Creative look at the plant, showing this middle that is usually overlooked. The result was great. Congratulations!
Copyright © 2018 MH Sub I, LLC dba Internet Brands. All rights reserved. Use of this site indicates your consent to the Terms of Use. | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Cookies
Please excuse me while I hop onto my soap box for a bit. We Americans buy a lot of gifts.I watched the frenzy throughout the year, whether it was Valentine's Day, St. Patrick's Day, Easter, and on and on.It's year-round and endless - so many people buy things they don't actually need with money they don't actually have. To top it off, what sells by......
Bobbi and I were talking this morning about how great it is that all of us from around the World were able to get together and sew last night. Her and I are both the type of people who need that little extra push sometimes after a busy day of giving to everyone in your family.. it's hard to take time for just you!
I can honestly say that my house was crazy last night (husband packing for a work trip to San Jose, kids playing roller hockey on back patio) and if didn't have this commitment to all of you, I may not have taken time for MYSELF and sewn last night. So THANK YOU! You gave me the motivation to do it as well. And I'm so pleased with what I was able to get done.
First I was able to sew 25 of my siggy blocks. Only 76 to go. And let me tell you, I don't think these are as "easy and quick" as people say. Either that or I'm a slow sew'er.
And second, I was able to complete this quilt top. It's adorable "Robots" fabric by Michael Miller. I had almost all the squares done before last night. I just needed a couple more and then to put it together. Some of which I did this morning since I had to get up early to see my husband off to California before the Sun came up.
I can't wait to look at all your blogs to see what you worked on. I will be doing that tonight. Since I'm a "single mother" while my man is gone, I'll have to wait to get some computer time until all the household duties and little people are attended too.
And one last thing - I was looking at the calendar for February's Sew-in. I'm thinking the 12th or the 19th? Any votes?
Thanks so much Heidi for hosting the Friday Night Sew-In. I too sometimes need a little push to get things rolling. I've visited some of the other blogs and I am amazed at what was accomplished last night! It was great fun quilting with over 100 other quilters.
Your squares look great! I love the fabric choices! BTW...did you bet an email confirmation for the swap? Just curious...I thought I made it in the top 100, but haven't gotten the email...
So I did sew last night.....but do we have a site to chat about what we are doing or do we just go and look at each others blog on Saturday?
I wasn't sure if we're supposed to link up with our posts or not. Here is mine if anyone wants to take a look.
Heidi, looks like you made some good progress, I on the other hand didn't. After mt family got home from work and school all i wanted o do is pend time with them. We did have a great night though
Thank you for arranging this, it's lovely to have the company of lots of other stitching ladies from all over the world. Great fun
You got a lot done last evening, that's great. I love the fabric in your signature blocks. I got a Bunny Hill stitchery done last evening and posted a picture. I was working on it and almost done, my husband went to bed and I stayed up to finish. I vote for February 19th. Thanks for doing these Sew-In's.
Thanks so much for hosting this! I had so much fun! I have such a hard time just dropping everything to sew, knowing ahead of time that I was going to do this made it "ok" I can't wait for the next one!
I accomplished quite a bit...I got my mini-quilt quilted, and made the binding. I just have to attach the binding today and it'll be ready to go in the mail on monday as it's for a swap. Yay! I'm posting pics on my blog right now ( http://nn.dlpgraphics.ca/blog ). I even managed to get a bit of cross stitching done as well as a new show came on t.v. and I just had to watch it.
Thanks for organizing this "event"--it was a lot of fun! As far as the February Sew-In goes, which weekend is Presidents' Day? One of the nice things about THIS Sew-In is that it's a three-day weekend (MLK's BD holiday on Monday and for the first time our office is closed for it!). I think that makes starting a project on the Friday night more fun!
This was so much fun. It was nice to "give myself permission" to devote an entire night to just sewing. Sometimes we get so crazy in our lives that we forget to carve out time to pursue an activity that is ours and ours alone. Thanks so much for initiating this! It was extra nice to have it scheduled for a weekend that was a long one.
Wow, first off I like your quilt. I just posted about my night and I am amazed at the turn out too. It was really a fun thing to do. I am thinking abou what I want to do for the next time. Thank you so much for doing this.
Our Friday night sew-in was productive. So productive and fun we're planning on again the next two Friday's since hubby has to work late those nights. We'll see what happens in Feb. you pick the date and if hubby has to work we'll be there for sure.
Thanks again, Heidi for hosting....I had an awesome time sewing and wondering who and where the gals were from and what they were working on. Either date is good for me....love your siggy blocks...I was too late in signing up.
Thanks so much for organizing this. I also tend to need extra pushes and these have been just that! I really like the top you made. Those fabrics are so fun. I remember admiring them and trying to create an excuse to buy them when they first came out! Your siggy blocks are looking great! I am impressed by anyone who has agreed to make 101 of those things! :)
Heidi, glad you had a good night, too. It's amazing how much a little public committment can motivate you. Good luck with the siggy blocks.
Thanks again for organizing the fun. I felt like I, too, accomplished something last night I wouldn't have made time for otherwise. I like your fabric for the siggy swap and I am loving that robot quilt top...so cute. I really liked that print...I almost bought it and then my girlfriend ended up having twin girls, so I went a bit more girly!
Thank you Heidi and Bobbi for these nights. I am so pleased that you both got to participate. Nice to have ME time.
I would love to sew on the 12th Feb as I will be in PERTH for a sewing retreat on the weekend of the 19th and have no way of posting till the Sunday. Oh I surpose that would be okay as it is only Saturday for you. LOL
Thanks ladies, here is a link to what I worked on. Just noticed the Flickr group, I'll have to go check it out.
I'm so glad you were able to get some time to stitch too and love what you did. I've not done ziggy blocks, maybe I won't!! Did you say February's sew-in, so this really is going to be a regular event, it wasn't just a dream? Hooray, hooray and thank you and Bobbi so much for taking the time to organise it. Either date, which ever suits most people :)
Well done! Thanks for organising the Sew-In as it is so easy to leave it for tomorrow! I love your robots top, very effective.
I don't mind 12th or 19th February as I should be free both nights and looking forward for next Sew-In.
Hockey stick buying guide. here is some advice from hockeygiant.com on how to buy hockey sticks. when hockey players are choosing a hockey stick they tend to be. Lots of led arrow sticks & directional lights are available here! we provide best prices and products for lots of cars and trucks at ledoutfitters.. Diy shooting sticks / bipod. strong, adjustable, cheap, easy to build bipod. why buy those expensive bipods when you can make your own? these are put.
Free shipping over $29! sign up for promos and coupons! the best bully sticks, puppy pads and valuedent dog chews. ♥hey guys! please excuse my nappy hair! i usually do my makeup before i dress up and do my hair lol. ♥products used♥: – maybelline fit me foundation. Here are ten selfie sticks that can be used with your iphone. many of these selfie sticks are also compatible with android smartphones..
Buy quality hiking sticks from a great selection at thecanedepot.com that offers you a wide range of hiking sticks at very affordable price.. Maybelline fit me foundation stick our 1st 2-in-1 foundation stick with an anti-shine core. its ultra-light formula is enriched with powders. The diamonds are created by nature but their beauty is only revealed when crafted into finished walking sticks. high quality sticks by wupen..
Maybelline fit me foundation stick our 1st 2-in-1 foundation stick with an anti-shine core. its ultra-light formula is enriched with powders. Lots of led arrow sticks & directional lights are available here! we provide best prices and products for lots of cars and trucks at ledoutfitters.. Here are ten selfie sticks that can be used with your iphone. many of these selfie sticks are also compatible with android smartphones..
Mike and molly cancelled tmz. melissa mccarthy reacts to ‘mike & molly’ cancellation melissa mccarthy has written a tweet to share her thoughts on the. Melissa mccarthy’s weight loss had nothing to do with the cancellation of her hit show, “mike & molly. is often confused with the credible celebrity tabloid tmz.. Mike &amp; molly . this filling the slot left vacant after the cancellation of the millers. turned mike & molly into something actually worth watching,.
A fake news story about the cancellation of the ‘mike & molly’ sitcom over melissa mccarthy’s weight loss was (not to be confused with the real tmz celebrity. Mccarthy mike and molly tmz. melissa mccarthy reacts to ‘mike & molly’ cancellation melissa mccarthy has written a tweet to share her thoughts on the.
Mccarthy mike and molly tmz. melissa mccarthy reacts to ‘mike & molly’ cancellation melissa mccarthy has written a tweet to share her thoughts on the. Mike and molly cancellation tmz. melissa mccarthy & billy gardell celebrate ‘mike & molly’ 100th melissa mccarthy reacts to ‘mike & molly. Mike &amp; molly . this filling the slot left vacant after the cancellation of the millers. turned mike & molly into something actually worth watching,.
“Honkai, a mysterious force that annihilated human civilization on several occasions, has re-emerged in this once peaceful world...”
A squad of young girls burdened with the very last hopes of humanity must fight for survival in this apocalyptic world filled with zombies and Honkai beasts.
As the Captain of the Hyperion, you must lead these girls into battle against zombies and Honkai beasts in various locales around the world. Experience the girls’ unique personalities, challenge and conquer various raids and stages, and enjoy the rich storyline of the Honkai Universe! Join the Valkyries and fight for all that is beautiful in the world!
The Herrscher's powers have been unleashed, transforming a Valkyrie into a powerful new form. Manifest the might of Honkai into impaling spears and brush all opposition aside.
The night is the perfect companion for her inauguration. Let her wings of war set the battlefield alight!
The fiery temptress had her innocent moments. The frost and cold have whittled away her years, but her indomitable will stood firm.
Shocking secrets are hidden within the heart of Schicksal! What is Schicksal planning to do with the giant mecha God Father they secretly salvaged from the Anti-Entropy ruins?
Let faith be our blade, Captain! Go forth and clear a path to Schicksal's mighty fortress in the sky!
A vast virtual world exists beyond reality. The dimensional portals are open, revealing lost treasures to be found.
People think they have unlimited imagination. The Virtual World will put this imagination to the test.
Although history cannot be observed directly, their effects still persist. Like the future itself, the corridors of memories within these spatial rifts are waiting to be explored.
Keys of the Void - penultimate dual pistols that fire "absolute commandments" designed to rip apart the space-time fabric itself.
The mesmerizing singing voice of the divas is heard all over the Honkai world through [Starry Woofers] and [Galactic Nova].
Celine: Ascendant - the mighty stigmata have resurfaced with the powers of fires and storms. All these will help us in the Honkai War, Captain!
Posted by Nancy Craft on Nov 15, 2011 in Beautiful Japan, Interesting Places, Nancy Craft | 0 comments
We are often asked to recommend the best dates to see cherry blossoms and fall colors. and indeed, there is ample “factual” information available on the Internet on the subject. However, nature doesn’t always co-operate with published schedules. This fall, for example, the peak of the maple colors is at least 2 weeks “late”. The hot summer is much talked about as the reason. Whatever. Kyoto is beautiful in any season, and one brilliant red tree at Kokedera (also known as Saihoji, the Moss Temple) today was thrilling...
I visited the home of an artist today, who lives in a traditional wooden merchant house. I had a “Kyoto moment” enjoying the view of their tiny, sun-dappled garden from their living room. Later , I had dinner with my friends Sarah Brayer and Masa Fujiwara last night at their house in north Kyoto. Masa, who had spent a long day guiding happy Esprit clients, foraged in his garden for fresh greens and other vegetables, and then, in about 30 minutes, created this beautifully present, gourmet masterpiece meal. Note the flowers in the basket behind Masa. In addition to being a great chef, he also practices a type of ikebana done for tea ceremony, using native plants, flowers and grasses found in the...
Graphically presented information is often a lot better than just the numbers. One of the most difficult situations that the Japanese have been trying to overcome is the perception that the entire country is living in a cloud of radiation (with Godzilla running through the streets we guess). We were recently forwarded this graph showing the different levels of radiation on a given day in major cities around the world. Note where Tokyo is falling… below New York, Hong Kong and Berlin. I investigated the source of the data, just in case you want to know. It’s JNTO, the Japanese National Tourist Organization. And they specifically listed each source for the various cities in a comprehensive list here, including the New York source, which is a streaming detector that you can follow. You can find the raw data here. So check out this chart, check out the data and perhaps it will help to overcome the perception of the radiation fog and convince you that Godzilla is not running amok in the streets of Tokyo...
In Las Vegas, where I live, when we see tourists arriving we say to each other “Thank you for paying our taxes” since LV is a tourist town. It is designed to cater to tourists and the more there are, the better it is for the economy. But in Las Vegas, when tourism turns down and visitors stop arriving in droves, they let go of thousands of workers and staff is reduced throughout the industry. Japan is different. When tourism drops, the Japanese continue with their strong history of full employment and keep on their staff. They figure out how to make it work; maybe reduce hours a little, maybe reassign duties, maybe catch up on work put off for just these times. But they don’t fire their staff and they don’t further drive down their economy. So now that Japan has been struck with a devastating blow to their country, their economy, their land and their people, they have also been dealt a blow to their tourism industry as well. Visitors from abroad have dropped dramatically; hotels in areas of the country totally unaffected by the disasters are empty; restaurants are empty; the nightlife on the tourist streets are empty and the flights are empty. Yet everywhere we go, we hear the happy echo of “Thank you for coming” in the particular sing-song intonation that anyone who has heard it in a Japanese restaurant or shop cannot forget. The thank you is deep and heartfelt. They thank us for coming. They thank us for taking care of them. They thank us for donating toys to relief efforts. They thank us for sending our military. It’s not a general thank you – it’s a personal thank you that we receive from everyone we talk to, delivered genuinely and with sincere gratitude as if by thanking me they are thanking all the millions of people who have been holding the Japanese in their hearts and prayers. And so I think that perhaps it is time for westerners who are of a heart and mind to travel to Japan, to experience the culture, to reach out and meet this remarkable and resilient people and to see for themselves how a strong and peaceful nation recovers from unimaginable disaster need to start returning to Japan – so they can thank you for...
The Japanese play it safe a lot. It’s one of the things that makes travel here so refreshing. The streets are safe from most crime, the building codes are strict, the food is clean and carefully marked, the people are polite and there is a general social cohesion. That means there are a lot of things about Japan that the occasional visitor may not notice – especially when the visitor is a member of the media looking for “news”. This comes to mind since there had been some reporting about Japan that, as a somewhat frequent visitor, I found disingenuous at best. For instance, there were some reports that the people of Tokyo were wearing cloth face masks due to fear of radiation. The Japanese have been wearing face masks for decades – to protect both themselves and others from germs, dust, pollen, etc. One of our guide wears one all spring due to allergies. In a society where blowing your nose is frowned upon, a face mask is a way of dealing with all sorts of physical discomfort while still keeping with the Japanese tendency to put the good of the group over the individual. Another example is that they are supposedly only “now” labeling food with its place of origin due to fears about food from Fukashima prefecture. I remember being in Japan last year and seeing a very large apology posted in a department store because they had advertised chickens on sale as being from one prefecture when a few that they sold came from some other prefecture. Food origination information is NOT a new phenomenon in Japan – it’s part of how they work and think. Food quality is highly valued and each area has specialties. These are displayed proudly and are used as reference points – one buys abalone from this place and turnips from that place. So with all that concern for safety and hygiene as practically inbred into the culture, it brings to mind a question about the children. If you think that Japanese are vigilant about their personal health and safety, it’s nothing compared to the health and safety efforts they take for their children. Little hard hats immediately available in case of earthquakes, regular drills, special foods and vitamins, and on and on. So with all this concern, it got me thinking – how are the people of Japan protecting their children from the disasters that have just befallen the country? Well, it seems from a casual observation over the past 7 days that they are going about their business as usual. During our touring we saw many large groups of school kids – in a range of ages and at a range of sights and events. Unlike in the US, where it seems there are far fewer field trips and, when they occur, the kids all take a bus to a nearby farm and are back for lunch – the Japanese seem to travel quite long distances in groups from a young age. We saw lots of kids on field trips on public transportation – whole classes of children, of all ages, in their uniforms or cute matching hats, accompanied by their teachers, patiently sitting on the station floors, lined up for 1/2 hour before their train departs, filing onto the trains and into their seats. And this wasn’t just subway trains; it was Shinkansen trains across half the country. And it wasn’t 16-year olds – we saw...
Posted by ebaran on May 17, 2011 in Comic Relief, Cultural Immersion, Elaine Baran, Interesting Places, On the Road | 1 comment
Today in Kyoto we had cloudy humid weather, light traffic around town and a radiation reading of — oh, wait, Kyoto isn’t even in the “zone”. Every day in the Japan Times, on the second page I think, there is a map of about 1/2 of Japan with concentric circles radiating out (ha!) from Fukushima. Today’s reading for Tokyo was .064 microseiverts per hour. Today’s reading for Sendai was .074. Today’s reading for Nagano was .041. Today’s reading for Shizuoka was .040. And that’s as far west as the circles go – they don’t go past Shizuoka (about 95 miles from Tokyo) to Nagoya, Kyoto, Osaka, Ise, Naoshima Island, Hiroshima, Miyajima and basically, over half of Japan to the west of Shizuoka. The readings themselves, for the parts of Japan that are shown, with one obvious exception, are apparently the same or lower than many parts of the US; certainly lower than Mexico City and probably Denver, which have altitude. So instead of spending our days outside the zone, we spent today zoned out… at the Kamo Odori. I would love to post a picture of this too, but cameras and videos are strictly forbidden. So all I have is a picture of the curtain which I took before the performance started. The Kamo Odori is one of several dance performance series put on by maiko (apprentice geisha); this one in May. The other one is the Miyako Odori, which is in April. If you’re in Kyoto during these months you can go to one of the shows. There were two parts to this event for us – the most hysterical part was the “tea ceremony” that preceded the show. Our tickets included the “tea ceremony” – there is a reason I put it in quotes a lot. This was the fastest tea ceremony ever – we laughed the entire time. We were ushered onto an elevator, up the elevator to the fourth floor of the theatre building, into a room with about 5 long bench-like tables with small stools lined up in front of them. In the front of the room sat a young maiko (I guess), perfectly made up with tea implements around and a second one doing something (don’t recall what, no time to observe). The ushers pointed to us to sit down, one attendant went down the table placing a piece of paper, a small ceramic dish and a mochi with red bean paste inside on it. Then out came another attendant and dropped a bowl of whisked tea in front of each person. Then all the people around us either wolfed down the sweet or pocketed it, gulped down the tea, wrapped the dish in the paper and stood up and rushed out of the room. We were just trying to figure out what to DO and the next group of people were rushed in and seated. In the meantime, an attendant was scurrying along picking up the empty tea bowls – I’m sure I upset the plan when I didn’t finish my tea. David ate the rest of my mochi… All the while, the young ladies at the front sat motionless in some odd living still-life of a tea ceremony. After we were shooed out of the “tea room” they sent us down a flight of stairs, past the first shop of souvenirs. Then down another flight of stairs, past another shop, this time with food souvenirs. Then through a big...
Effect of perceived knowledge organizational support on professional knowledge sharing among nurses: a case study
To Assess The Effects of The Night Shift Work in Nurses' Depression And Anxiety in Hospitals of Chalous
Relationship between nursess social problems solving ability and their empathy in intensive care units
Relationship between works related psychological basic needs, personality characteristics and work engagement
Assessing relationship between organizational identity, job satisfaction and organizational citizenship behaviors in nurses
The relationship between psychological empowerment and psychological strain among clinical nurses in educational hospitals
Introducing a semi-centralized organizational model for organizing and developing patient education services: the pivotal role of nurses
Assessing the relationship between the nurses’ self – development behavior, job motivation and it’s effective factors
Structural equation modeling of the relationship between perceived spiritual leadership with organizational commitment, organizational citizenship behavior and performance in nurses
Evaluation of predictive conceptual model organizational citizenship behavior in nurses based on their lifestyle and organizational commitment
Structural modeling of the relationship between spiritual connection with psychological capital and spiritual well- being of nurses
Structural modeling of relationship between professional ethics and spirituality at work with social responsibility among nurses in the public hospitals in Kermanshah city
Kidzkastle Costumes- We Supply-Sell-Rent a wide range of costumes for school play, stage performance, musical shows and many more. Contact...
Definitely believe that which you stated. Your favorite reason seemed to be on the net the easiest thing to be aware of. I say to you, I certainly get annoyed while people think about worries that they plainly do not know about. You managed to hit the nail upon the top as well as defined out the whole thing without having side effect , people could take a signal. Will probably be back to get more. Thanks
It is the best time to make some plans for the future and it’s time to be happy. I have read this post and if I could I wish to suggest you some interesting things or tips. Maybe you could write next articles referring to this article. I desire to read even more things about it!
My developer is trying to persuade me to move to .net from PHP. I have always disliked the idea because of the expenses. But he’s tryiong none the less. I’ve been using Movable-type on a number of websites for about a year and am anxious about switching to another platform. I have heard great things about blogengine.net. Is there a way I can import all my wordpress content into it? Any kind of help would be greatly appreciated!
certainly like your website but you need to test the spelling on quite a few of your posts. Many of them are rife with spelling problems and I to find it very bothersome to inform the truth then again I’ll definitely come back again.
Fantastic site. A lot of useful info here. I am sending it to several friends ans also sharing in delicious. And certainly, thanks for your sweat!
Right now it appears like BlogEngine is the top blogging platform available right now. (from what I’ve read) Is that what you are using on your blog?
I will immediately grab your rss as I can’t find your email subscription link or e-newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly let me know in order that I could subscribe. Thanks.
I just could not depart your website before suggesting that I really enjoyed the standard information a person provide for your visitors? Is going to be back often in order to check up on new posts
I love your blog.. very nice colors & theme. Did you design this website yourself or did you hire someone to do it for you? Plz reply as I’m looking to construct my own blog and would like to find out where u got this from. thanks a lot
I’ll right away grab your rss feed as I can’t find your email subscription link or e-newsletter service. Do you have any? Kindly let me know in order that I could subscribe. Thanks.
Very great post. I just stumbled upon your blog and wished to mention that I’ve truly enjoyed browsing your weblog posts. In any case I’ll be subscribing to your feed and I am hoping you write once more very soon!
I wish to express my passion for your kindness supporting persons who actually need assistance with your field. Your real dedication to passing the message throughout became quite informative and have frequently helped women like me to realize their ambitions. This useful help and advice can mean a lot a person like me and substantially more to my colleagues. Regards; from each one of us.
Well I definitely enjoyed reading it. This tip offered by you is very practical for accurate planning.
Some genuinely fantastic info , Gladiola I found this. “Traffic signals in New York are just rough guidelines.” by David Letterman.
This design is incredible! You most certainly know how to keep a reader entertained. Between your wit and your videos, I was almost moved to start my own blog (well, almost…HaHa!) Great job. I really loved what you had to say, and more than that, how you presented it. Too cool!
Hi just wanted to give you a brief heads up and let you know a few of the images aren’t loading properly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different internet browsers and both show the same results.
Does your blog have a contact page? I’m having a tough time locating it but, I’d like to shoot you an e-mail. I’ve got some recommendations for your blog you might be interested in hearing. Either way, great blog and I look forward to seeing it improve over time.
great post, very informative. I wonder why the other specialists of this sector do not notice this. You should continue your writing. I am sure, you have a great readers’ base already!
Very good written article. It will be helpful to everyone who employess it, including yours truly :). Keep doing what you are doing – can’r wait to read more posts.
I have been surfing online more than 3 hours today, yet I never found any interesting article like yours. It’s pretty worth enough for me. Personally, if all website owners and bloggers made good content as you did, the net will be much more useful than ever before.
I’ve recently started a blog, the information you provide on this site has helped me tremendously. Thank you for all of your time & work.
Thanks a lot for sharing this with all of us you really know what you are talking about! Bookmarked. Kindly also visit my web site =). We could have a link exchange agreement between us!
Thank you for any other magnificent article. Where else may just anyone get that type of information in such an ideal means of writing? I have a presentation subsequent week, and I’m on the search for such information.
Wow! Thank you! I continually wanted to write on my blog something like that. Can I take a part of your post to my blog?
Hey there! I know this is kinda off topic nevertheless I’d figured I’d ask. Would you be interested in exchanging links or maybe guest writing a blog post or vice-versa? My site addresses a lot of the same topics as yours and I feel we could greatly benefit from each other. If you are interested feel free to send me an e-mail. I look forward to hearing from you! Fantastic blog by the way!
What i do not realize is if truth be told how you are no longer actually a lot more smartly-liked than you might be right now. You’re very intelligent. You know therefore considerably in terms of this topic, produced me for my part imagine it from so many numerous angles. Its like men and women are not interested except it’s something to do with Lady gaga! Your own stuffs nice. Always take care of it up!
Thanks for sharing excellent informations. Your web site is very cool. I am impressed by the details that you’ve on this website. It reveals how nicely you perceive this subject. Bookmarked this web page, will come back for extra articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found simply the information I already searched all over the place and simply couldn’t come across. What an ideal website.
An attention-grabbing dialogue is worth comment. I think that you must write more on this matter, it might not be a taboo topic however typically people are not sufficient to talk on such topics. To the next. Cheers
Very good written article. It will be supportive to everyone who usess it, as well as me. Keep doing what you are doing – can’r wait to read more posts.
I did howevber expertise a few technical points usihg this site, as I experienced tto reload the site
complaining, butt sliw loading instances times will sometimes affect your placement iin google and could damage your high-quality score if advertising and markleting with Adwords.
Anyway I am adding this RSS to myy e-mail and can look oout ffor much more of yyour respective intriguing content.
Do you have a spam problem on this blog; I also am a blogger, and I was curious about your situation; many of us have developed some nice practices and we are looking to trade methods with other folks, be sure to shoot me an email if interested.
I needed to create you a very little word just to give thanks yet again on the unique views you’ve documented on this website. It was quite wonderfully generous with you in giving openly precisely what many individuals could have offered for an ebook to generate some dough for their own end, mostly since you could have done it in the event you considered necessary. The techniques likewise served like a good way to understand that many people have the same keenness really like my own to understand a lot more around this matter. I’m sure there are thousands of more pleasant opportunities in the future for individuals who view your blog post.
Hello my loved one! I wish to say that this article is awesome, great written and come with almost all significant infos. I’d like to peer more posts like this.
Thanks for sharing superb informations. Your site is so cool. I am impressed by the details that you’ve on this site. It reveals how nicely you perceive this subject. Bookmarked this website page, will come back for extra articles. You, my pal, ROCK! I found simply the info I already searched all over the place and simply could not come across. What a great site.
It’sIt is in point of factactuallyreallyin realitytruly a nicegreat and helpfuluseful piece of informationinfo. I’mI am satisfiedgladhappy that youthat you simplythat you just shared this helpfuluseful infoinformation with us. Please staykeep us informedup to date like this. ThanksThank you for sharing.
I think this is among the most important info for me. And i’m glad reading your article. But should remark on some general things, The web site style is perfect, the articles is really excellent : D. Good job, cheers
Hello! This is kind of off topic but I need some guidance from an established blog. Is it very hard to set up your own blog? I’m not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I’m thinking about setting up my own but I’m not sure where to begin. Do you have any tips or suggestions? Appreciate it
I have to voice my appreciation for your generosity in support of those people who actually need guidance on in this question. Your real commitment to passing the solution all around has been pretty advantageous and have truly made individuals like me to attain their targets. This insightful instruction entails a whole lot to me and a whole lot more to my peers. Thank you; from all of us.
It is really a great and helpful piece of info. I’m glad that you shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us informed like this. Thanks for sharing.
I love what you guys are usually up too. This kind of clever work and coverage! Keep up the amazing works guys I’ve included you guys to blogroll.
I’ve read some good stuff here. Definitely worth bookmarking for revisiting. I surprise how much effort you put to make such a magnificent informative web site.
Thanks for your exciting article. Other thing is that mesothelioma cancer is generally the result of the breathing of material from asbestos fiber, which is a cancer causing material. It really is commonly seen among personnel in the structure industry who may have long experience of asbestos. It’s also caused by residing in asbestos protected buildings for a long time of time, Genes plays an important role, and some individuals are more vulnerable to the risk than others.
Hello just wanted to give you a brief heads up and let you know a few of the pictures aren’t loading correctly. I’m not sure why but I think its a linking issue. I’ve tried it in two different web browsers and both show the same results.
What i do not realize is if truth be told how you’re no longer actually a lot more neatly-favored than you may be right now. You’re very intelligent. You already know thus significantly on the subject of this matter, produced me in my view imagine it from numerous numerous angles. Its like women and men are not involved unless it is something to accomplish with Woman gaga! Your own stuffs great. At all times deal with it up!
Hey there are using WordPress for your blog platform? I’m new to the blog world but I’m trying to get started and set up my own. Do you require any html coding expertise to make your own blog? Any help would be really appreciated!
Hey! Do you know if they make any plugins to assist with SEO? I’m trying to get my blog to rank for some targeted keywords but I’m not seeing very good success. If you know of any please share. Thanks!
I keep listening to the news broadcast talk about receiving boundless online grant applications so I have been looking around for the finest site to get one. Could you tell me please, where could i find some?
My husband and i got really delighted that Ervin could finish up his investigation from the ideas he got through the weblog. It is now and again perplexing to simply be giving out key points which some other people have been trying to sell. We really acknowledge we now have the writer to thank because of that. Most of the illustrations you have made, the simple web site navigation, the relationships you help to instill – it’s mostly astonishing, and it’s really letting our son in addition to our family do think that situation is interesting, and that’s extraordinarily indispensable. Thanks for the whole lot!
Transitions Film Festival Review: Big Dream (USA, 2014) is a call to arms for young women interested in STEM careers | The Iris
Transitions Film Festival Review: Big Dream (USA, 2014) is a call to arms for young women interested in STEM careers
Microsoft have asked us, “Where do you want to go today?” The answer can be found in their new slogan, “Empowering us all” and in the film, Big Dream, which they helped fund. This documentary draws together the stories of several inspiring young women who are challenging the male-dominated STEM (science, technology, engineering and maths) industries with their ambitions, ideas and hard work. The result is an important film that should encourage a new generation of women to get involved in these areas.
Telling stories that focus on women working in fields that were traditionally male-dominated is hardly anything new. Play Your Gender examined the reasons why women aren’t involved in some parts of the music industry. Hidden Figures documented the incredible behind-the-scenes work completed by the African-American women at NASA during the fifties and sixties. At the 2017 All About Women Festival in Sydney, actress Geena Davis gave a speech where she called for more diverse female characters on screens because these inspire young girls and their career choices, just as Pauley Perrette has inspired women to study forensics thanks to her character on NCIS.
Big Dream is the debut directorial feature by Kelly Cox who has previously worked on a TV series about food called Original Fare. In Big Dream, Cox sets the spotlight on some women who range in age from their late teens to early twenties and come from America, Oman, Kenya and Costa Rica. Their stories are all quite different and diverse but this means that the overall documentary is all the more vibrant and relatable as a result. One thing that binds these girls together is their confidence, intelligence and tenacity at working in their chosen field(s).
The young women make interesting on-screen talent and they are interviewed along with their families and friends. Their achievements include so many different things. There’s Cassidy Williams who is a software engineer and developer who helmed the International Women’s Hackathon in between delivering TED talks, developing apps and fielding job offers from major tech companies. Martha Chumo is a self-taught programmer who created The Dev School in Kenya so she could teach Africans how to hack. Perhaps the most intriguing talent is Kassandra Haro who is an aspiring navy admiral who also started her own computing summer camp.
The other talent includes Bella Davenport, a homeless girl who is determined to change the face of computer science forever while also interning for the group, Black Girls Code. Mariana Quesada from Costa Rica is forced to leave home to take an internship at NASA and she created technology that enabled a phone to act like a cane for visually-impaired people. Three young women from Oman – although the focus is on the former two – Asya Mohamed Al Jabri, Marwa Saud Al Habsi and Safa Al Mukhaini created an app that assists dyslexic children. It’s fair to say that these women have already achieved so much and it’s especially amazing when you consider that they’re all still so very young and look poised to achieve even more during their lifetimes.
This film is an overwhelmingly positive one. The stories are balanced in terms of air-time, meaning that sometimes this is at the expense of delving more thoroughly into one that is perhaps more exciting or interesting. The film could have been a bit longer to address part of this issue but there is also the sense that these girls’ stories are all so big that it can be hard to tell the audience about more without overwhelming the viewer. The transition between some of the scenes could have been improved to make the story flow a little better but overall, this is a minor quibble.
Big Dream is ultimately a rich documentary that should be the start of many conversations about women working in STEM. Cox has done a great job of picking such accomplished young women and telling their stories in such an illuminating and intimate way. Big Dream is a good call to arms to young women because it’s proof that great stuff can be achieved if we simply think different (oh wait, that was Apple that said that!)
You can catch Big Dream at Melbourne’s Cinema Nova on 6 March, 2018. For more information on the Transitions Film Festival, or to book tickets, you can click here.
Interview: Slaves (UK) chat about Download Festival, being pals with DMA’s and playing Cal Jam 18 November 14, 2018 Larry Heath
Could Netflix’s The Witcher become the first successful live action video-game-to-TV adaptation? November 13, 2018 Zachariah Kelly
The AU Review | Listen Live: AU Radio | Arts on the AU | Food & Lifestyle | Travel: AU Abroad | Hello Asia! | The AU Archives |
Pikorua, the Maori name for the symbol, is a twist that is said to symbolise the strength of the bond between two people. Mat is certain there is something between Tiffany and him.
When Tiffany Cahill opens the door to the police, memories flood her mind of the previous year and a relationship gone bad. Frightened, she calls her friend, Steve, for help, but instead a stranger answers the phone. Little does Tiffany know how much this New Zealander is going to impact her life, especially after she is assaulted only a few hours later.
Mat Apanui, the owner of a helicopter tour company in New Zealand, can’t ignore the worry in Tiffany’s voice when he answers Steve’s phone. Before he knows it, he is spending most of his business trip to Melbourne with her. Desperate to keep her safe after an attack, he invites her to stay with him in Queenstown, NZ.
With her safety at risk, how will Tiffany overcome her reservations and trust the sexy stranger enough to fly across the Tasman Sea?
Boston Irish: How to figure out if you think the Redskins logo and nickname are racist or not: A handy guide.
Sports and entertainment kinda thing, established 2006. Specializing in MLB, NFL, baseball in Ireland and movies. Always with the movies.
Worried about your answer to the topical question as to whether the Washington NFL team's nickname and logo are racist or not? Can't find the time to figure it out for yourself? Our handy guide can help you come up with an answer in seconds!
Pitcher on the the 3 time Irish League Champion 'Dublin Hurricanes'. Irish National Baseball team veteran. Four time 'Tommy Bond' (the Irish Cy Young award) winner. Avid Red Sox fan. Was in the stands @ Yankee stadium for Pedro's 17k night. That is all.
Billy Costigan/Leonardo DiCaprio's Red Sox cap in 'The Departed' I liked 'The Departed' , although that was always going...
This from the always excellent Reiss's pieces in the Globe - printed early 2008 however I am only seeing it now; Do you have any plans...
The Boston Red Sox are 0-2 down to the Cleveland Indians and you might be thinking to yourself 'Haven't we been here before?' W...
In memory of Joe Cleary (December 3, 1918 - June 3, 2004) There was a time, believe it or not, where Irish born players were actually a mai...
Green Bay's Aaron Rodgers has admitted he likes to do something very similar to what Tom Brady has been suspended four games by the NFL...
The Emerald Diamond is a documentary following the history of Baseball Ireland and the Irish National Baseball team.
Director John Fitzgerald financed the film almost entirely on credit cards while working freelance at various jobs in the TV and film industries. Find out more here at the official website of the movie
That's the pesky pole in the background. The Irish baseball team played @ Fenway park in 2001 against Slocum baseball club of RI.
Blog Archive August 2017 (1) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (1) December 2016 (1) November 2016 (2) October 2016 (1) September 2016 (2) August 2016 (2) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (1) May 2016 (3) April 2016 (2) December 2015 (1) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (1) August 2015 (2) July 2015 (1) June 2015 (1) May 2015 (2) April 2015 (5) March 2015 (2) February 2015 (3) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (4) November 2014 (3) October 2014 (1) September 2014 (6) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (6) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (2) April 2014 (6) March 2014 (3) January 2014 (2) December 2013 (5) November 2013 (4) October 2013 (7) September 2013 (7) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (8) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (7) April 2013 (5) March 2013 (3) February 2013 (3) January 2013 (10) December 2012 (5) November 2012 (6) October 2012 (11) September 2012 (10) August 2012 (10) July 2012 (10) June 2012 (13) May 2012 (12) April 2012 (10) March 2012 (7) February 2012 (7) January 2012 (9) December 2011 (10) November 2011 (12) October 2011 (9) September 2011 (11) August 2011 (6) July 2011 (8) June 2011 (8) May 2011 (7) April 2011 (6) March 2011 (6) February 2011 (3) January 2011 (14) December 2010 (13) November 2010 (22) October 2010 (14) September 2010 (12) August 2010 (17) July 2010 (11) June 2010 (16) May 2010 (16) April 2010 (19) March 2010 (11) February 2010 (10) January 2010 (16) December 2009 (17) November 2009 (17) October 2009 (19) September 2009 (18) August 2009 (15) July 2009 (28) June 2009 (19) May 2009 (21) April 2009 (13) March 2009 (26) February 2009 (27) January 2009 (33) December 2008 (25) November 2008 (33) October 2008 (47) September 2008 (38) August 2008 (27) July 2008 (38) June 2008 (19) May 2008 (15) April 2008 (14) March 2008 (16) February 2008 (12) January 2008 (19) December 2007 (18) November 2007 (20) October 2007 (27) September 2007 (22) August 2007 (33) July 2007 (29) June 2007 (23) May 2007 (33) April 2007 (26) March 2007 (24) February 2007 (40) January 2007 (2)
The Irish baseball team before beating hosts Belgium at the 2006 European Baseball Championships. Eíre Abu!
please how are you! hope you are fine and in perfect condition of health.I went through your profile and i read it and took interest in it,please if you don't mind i will like you to write me on this ID(lucyharry4u@yahoo.com ) hope to hear from you soon,and I will be waiting for your mail because i have something VERY important to tell you.
Bruins prospect Jake DeBrusk trying to make jump to NHL. - Video - The Sudbury Town Crier - Sudbury, MA
Is your bathroom just not working for you? Do you want more storage, more space, more convenience? If so, you may be scratching your head over how to improve your bathroom layout fast and easily. But there is no single winning formula — or legally required prototype — for bathroom layout. Just two principles apply: 1) you must follow local building code, and 2) you'll save money if you don't change the placement of plumbing fixtures (usually hooked up to your water pipe's on a single "wet wall").
That being said, here are six simple suggestions to improve your bathroom layout, without the hassle and the expense of moving your plumbing.
Replace the existing bathroom door: Install a pocket door or bifold in its place. Because your new bathroom layout will not have to allow for the inward swing of a conventional door, you'll be gaining up to 9 square feet of usable space. Not too shabby for a room that averages only about 90 sq. ft. in total.
Resize your vanity: Unlike plumbing fixtures, which come in a range of standard measurements, there's almost no limit to vanity size. Whether your goal is to go smaller and save space or to add a larger counter and create more storage, replacing a vanity with a model that fits your needs is an easy tweak that will make a big difference.
Float your fixtures: A wall-mounted toilet, pedestal sink, or floating vanity will save you big time on floor space, perfect for making the most of a tiny (or any) bathroom layout. Bonus: your floor tiles will be a lot easier to keep clean. A corner-mounted pedestal sink or a deep, narrow trough sink may be the best space-saver of them all.
Divide the space: Make your basic bathroom layout so much more functional and streamline the morning rush. Install a partition to separate your sink from the toilet and/or shower area. That way, someone can comfortably brush teeth, shave, etc., while the toilet or shower is in use.
Switch the tub for a shower: A shower stall requires about 40 percent less floor space than a bathtub does, adding approximately 6 sq. ft. to your updated bathroom layout. Note: Real estate experts advise, however, keeping the tub in at least one of your home's bathrooms for resale value.
Keep the tub and add a luxurious accessible shower: A thoroughly modern upgrade for a large-ish bathroom is installing a large curbless enclosure that includes open floor space for showering plus a tub. You will not have to change the location of your plumbing to achieve this.
Add as much storage as you possibly can. Clever storage solutions will optimize your bathroom layout. In addition to these bathroom storage ideas, try dividing that enormous mirror with a narrow wall-mounted cabinet or build in niches for shampoo, conditioner, shaving cream, and so on if you have your shower retiled.
Make sure you have enough space for changing clothes (and hanging them up while you bathe or shower). Change to cabinetry with rounded edges if you're renovating. The lack of sharp corners will improve the traffic flow and make your bathroom safer for the whole household — from toddlers to seniors. If you do decide to go ahead and hire a plumber to move fixtures around, keep one fact in mind: the most expensive item to relocate is your toilet, because this fixture needs a connection not only to the water supply but also to the waste pipe.
Note: There is a scratch pad above each square. You can enter numbers in there for your own working.
Sudoku Saviour is designed as an online sudoku solver. This website can be used to solve easy, medium or hard sudoku puzzles by simply entering your sudoku puzzle into the playing board on the homepage. Clicking 'Hint' will automatically add one more number to the playing board.
Save / Load Feature: If you quit before you complete your game, you have the option to 'Save' and to reload your sudoku puzzle the next time you return simply by clicking 'Load'. Please note: Cookies must be enabled for the Save & Load feature to work. Sudoku Tips and Instructions for beginners can be found on the How to Play Sudoku page. This website is continuously being developed further, so any feedback on how this website can be improved is greatly appreciated. Advertise
Love coupons? We also just launched two new websites offering the latest coupon codes, discounts and deals from leading retailers within the United States and Australia! Discover huge discounts on clothing and fashion, health and beauty, toys and games, electronics and so much more!
I am putting the finishing touches on “A Very Vintage Christmas” and wanted to share a little project with you today. This is super simple to make and would be a great project for the kids too!
Please join me December 1st – 7th with a new tutorial featured each day on my blog. I am also putting together a PDF tutorial for those that might want to work ahead and that will be in my Etsy shop on Sunday.
(2) Once box has been covered with paint, glue lace along the edge meeting ends on one side. Apply book clips to lace/box lid to keep it from shifting while glue sets up. When glue and lace have adhered to box lip, remove book clips.
(3) Glue silver tinsel stem along edge of box and lace. Trim off access where ends meet. Use book clips again to maintain shape and position while the tinsel stem adheres to lip of box. Remove clips once it is dry.
(4) Apply matte gel medium to the lid of the box and sprinkle lid with Silver German Glass Glitter. You will want to do this in a small container (that can be thrown away), box or a paper plate. Make sure to wear safety glasses to protect your eyes from any stray glass. Allow time to dry. Once lid has dried, tap off access glass and spray with a fixative to keep glass from coming loose.
(5) Apply matte gel medium to bottle brush trees and roll or sprinkle with Mica chips. Allow time to dry. Once trees have set up, glue to lid of box with E6000 glue in a pleasing arrangement. Add buttons to lid with dabs of E-6000 on the back.
Your lovely little box looks amazing on top of that wonderful scale! Thanks for the early project and reminding me to dig out my white buttons and lace and to bleach some tree in preparation for the next seven days!
I’ve been charmed by those little bottle brush trees for a while now – sadly I can’t find them anywhere in New Zealand. I will try and think of something else to use.
Archives Select Month November 2018 October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006
Copyright ©2006-2018 by Nancy Maxwell James. Artwork, photography and designs may not be reproduced without written permission.
This policy is valid from 10 August 2013 This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact sugarlumpstudios.com. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation. http://www.disclosurepolicy.org
Want to be notified when I have new posts published? Enter your email address and name below to be the first to know.
I’m always looking for healthy lunch ideas that I can make ahead and bring to work. I’ve gone through the sandwich phase, the soup phase and, of course, the not-so-healthy takeout phase. But lately, I’ve been on a new kick.
All models on this tube site are 18 years or older. homensecurity.info has a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography.
“It’s nearly always difficult to get major mainstream articles producers to recover from their dangle-ups about the adult industry, but at the time they see the outcome we generate it can help simplicity their problems,” he reported.
With the invention of very small cameras and wi-fi equipments voyeur pornography is attaining floor.[59][60] Cell cameras are utilized to seize pornographic pics or videos, and forwarded as MMS, a exercise often known as sexting.
Pornographic film generation commenced presently once the creation of your Movie in 1895. Two of your earliest pioneers were Eugène Pirou and Albert Kirchner. Kirchner directed the earliest surviving pornographic movie for Pirou underneath the trade identify "Léar".
You will find recurring urban legends of snuff motion pictures, in which murders are filmed for pornographic reasons. Despite intensive function to confirm the truth of such rumors, legislation enforcement officers haven't observed any this kind of operates.
On account of the popularity of 3D blockbusters in theaters for example Avatar and the way to Educate Your Dragon, companies are now seeking to shoot pornographic movies in 3D.
[ninety eight][99][one hundred] They demand that pornography provides a severely distorted graphic of sexual relations, and reinforces intercourse myths; that it usually demonstrates Women of all ages as readily available and desiring to have interaction in sexual intercourse at any time, with any guy, on Gentlemen's terms, normally responding positively to any innovations Males make.[one zero one] They argue that for the reason that pornography often reveals Females having fun with and desiring to be violently attacked by Gentlemen, expressing "no" when they actually want intercourse, combating back again but then ending up experiencing the act – This could affect the general public idea of lawful challenges like consent to sexual relations.[102]
For the security and privacy of one's Pornhub account, make sure to never ever enter your password on any web page other than pornhub.com or pornhubpremium.com.
Dolf Zillmann asserts that intensive viewing of pornographic content makes quite a few advice sociological consequences which he characterizes as unfavorable, like a diminished respect click this link for lengthy-phrase, monogamous interactions, and an attenuated wish for procreation.
is just not an official Pornhub web site and may be dangerous. For the security and privateness, this url has actually been disabled.
In distinction to these objections, other feminist scholars argue the lesbian feminist motion from the nineteen eighties was fantastic for Ladies during the porn industry.[103] As much more Gals entered the developmental aspect of the industry, this allowed Females to gear porn far more toward Women of all ages as they knew what Girls needed, equally for actresses and also the audience.
' Feminine performers can generally dictate which male actors they are going to and will likely not operate with. 'They make more cash than us.' Porn – at the least, porn generated to get a heterosexual viewers – is one of the couple modern occupations wherever the pay back gap operates in Girls's favor; the common actress tends to make fifty to a hundred for every cent more cash than her male counterpart. But then she is the article of drive; he is just her appendage, the article of the object."[107]
Prostitution and also the Procedure of brothels is legal in certain international locations, but illegal in others. For illustration, there are actually legal brothels in Nevada, United states of america, as a result of legalization of prostitution in some regions of the point out. In nations wherever prostitution and brothels are legal, brothels can be topic to quite a few and diverse constraints. Forced prostitution is often unlawful as is prostitution by or with minors, although the age could vary.
Nate Glass will be the operator of Takedown Piracy, an anti-piracy corporation. The adult film industry is strike Specifically hard by this prison business, and it provides Takedown with nearly all its shoppers.
Boy or girl pornography is illegal in the majority of international locations, with an individual most commonly getting a baby right until the age of eighteen (however the age varies). In These nations around the world, any film or photo with a kid subject matter in the sexual act is considered pornography and unlawful.
If you have used the services of D & M Security Cameras we'd love to hear from you! Use the form below to review and comment on your experience.
I’ve long been enamored of the traditional French jardin potager or ornamental, vegetable kitchen garden. The kitchen garden has its roots the medieval jardin de curé, described by garden author Jean-Paul Collaert in Kitchen Gardens of France, by Louisa James (Thames and Hudson 1999), as a “garden of lines . . . not dabs of color” as opposed to the English cottage garden and the traditional vicarage garden.
Most potagers grow the traditional four types of plants: vegetables, fruit, flowers, and herbs. What I love is the revival of interest worldwide in heirloom fruits and vegetables, which are perfectly suited for a kitchen garden. On my farmette, I grow plants almost exclusively from heirloom seed.
The medieval jardin de curé has been characterized by scholars as having plants in distinct beds laid out along formal lines (the Latin cross was popular). Gardening plots were defined by ge0metric shapes that could be quite complex (for example, the historic knot garden). Plants included herbs and flowers (many for medicinal uses), vegetables, berries, fruit trees, and ornamental trees and shrubs. This type of garden could be rustic or highly formal and could be found throughout France, from small farms and cloisters to country estates.
Our farmette garden has characteristics of the jardin potager and also the jardin de curé, although it could not be described as a true representation of either.
When we first moved to the farmette, we created and followed a master plan. The acreage follows a large rectangular-shape perimeter with our small house situated in the middle. Behind the house, a lawn is lined with gravel pathways. The pathways are dotted with boxes of herbs and flowers, mint, and berries. Between the boxes, the apricot, cherry, apple, fig, and persimmon trees are flourishing and producing bountiful crops.
In chaotic disorder, the beds of French perfume lavender and Spanish lavender that we planted have taken over one side of the property (much to the delight our honeybees), effectively erasing any lines that might have been obvious in an early layout. Interspersed with the lavender beds are iris, hydrangea, roses, lemon trees. Where the lavender turns a corner, bamboo creates a privacy screen, and then the fruit and flower-lined gravel path continues to the chicken house.
We moved dirt from the back half of the property and built a retaining wall along an L-shaped gravel path leading to a vegetable garden. Both sides of the path are lined with trees–apricot, pear, and pomegranate. On one side under a massive elm is a bed containing white geraniums and a variety of rose bushes.
We are following a plan for our own vision of a potager and, although I wish it had more of the lines of the medieval jardin de curé, our garden has the appearance of gentle disorder while being a prolific producer, in short, an edible landscape.
I love this living tableau. The appearance of the garden and grounds changes with the cycles of the seasons. Also ever-changing are the types of wildlife and songbirds frequenting the fountains and foraging on the fruits. There’s always something new to discover.
If you enjoy reading about farmette topics, gardening, and keeping chickens and honeybees, check out my series of cozy mysteries from Kensington Publishing in New York. Click on the link.
The title of the third novel in my Henny Penny Farmette series suggests loss of bees and murderous intent. No beekeeper wants to lose a hive, regardless of how it happens–whether some invader wants to kill the bees, go after the honey, or use the hive as a host for proliferation of its own species.
I’m not one-hundred percent positive why I lost a hive this year. My best guess was that the demise was due (not to homicide but rather) to a tiny little pest, possibly a beetle that weakened it so that the bees and queen fled leading to the hive’s demise.
My beekeeper neighbor and I spotted a small beetle and treated for it. My best efforts to keep my small bee house and the area around it clean as well as doing frequent hive inspections wasn’t enough. Now, I’m considering moving my remaining hive onto a higher, drier, sunnier location.
I’ll do it at night which is the correct time to move bees. You just put a little strip of packing foam along the hive entrance, gently move the hive, and place it in the new location. Remove the foam strip so the bees can leave at dawn and make sure there’s a water source nearby.
The bees will likely accept the move if there is water and food in the area. I like planting perennial bee gardens and flowers and bulbs with high nectar value for bloom throughout the year.
Since hives can be compromised by wax moths, hive beetles, and other pests (as well as parasites and diseases), frequent inspections to decipher a problem and treat it before it destroys your hive is imperative.
With supers (smaller hive boxes with ten frames each) on the hive in June, the bees will forage on abundant flowers and produce honey that can be taken off in July. That’s also the time to inspect for mites because these populations tend to swell during summer.
If you’re interested in beekeeping and other farmette topics, check out my Henny Penny Farmette series of mysteries. All are available to order online at Amazon, Barnes and Noble, and other retailer sites as well as traditional bookstores everywhere.
I seldom need an occasion to put in another bed of flowers, but this is National Pollinator Week. I think a new bed is in order to attract local bees, birds, bats, and butterflies–all considered pollinators. Having these small creatures around benefits landscapes, gardens, and orchards.
The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has noted that over 75 percent of our plants are pollinated by birds, animals, and insects. We can help ensure these creatures will be around for a long time if we restore their habitats and ensure they have food and water.
A tapestry of colorful herbs and flowers beautifies your landscape and pollinators love the diversity. If you don’t have a lot of space, grow some of these plants in planter boxes, clay pots, or other types of containers.
Put in a water feature, too, such as a table-top or larger fountain that recycles water. Even a pottery saucer filled each day can attract pollinators.
It won’t take long for the bees and hummingbirds to find the water. Their frequent visits are fun to watch, and they’ll likely be sipping throughout the day.
If you enjoy reading about farmette topics, check out my Henny Penny Farmette series of cozy mysteries from Kensington Publishing. My newest novel includes delicious recipes, tips on keeping bees and chickens, and much more. Click on this URL for more information, http://tinyurl.com/ya5vhhpm
It’s hard to believe Thanksgiving is next week and already, the first snows have arrived in the Sierras and Rockies.
The water in our Italian fountain froze overnight and now the birds and bees that drink there must wait for the sun to melt the ice.
The plunge of nighttime temperatures here on the Henny Penny Farmette are hovering at frost and freezing levels. This morning, I walked with a steaming cup of coffee and noticed the thermometer hovering at 39 degrees Fahrenheit. That means our citrus trees and other frost-intolerant plants must be protected or moved indoors.
The work I’ve been bearing down on–a new book, mystery promo, and prep for Thanksgiving–now have to be put aside for a few hours. I’ve got plenty of cold-weather work to do outside.
Our Satsuma mandarin orange tree prolifically bears fruit this time of year but is susceptible to freeze
Citrus trees will be covered with blankets against the frost. I’m hanging the heat lamp in my chicken house. I need to clean the chicken house, put more straw in the nesting boxes, and a ground corncob material on the floor. Already, I’ve put the windows back in (leaving a crack open for ventilation).
I opened the beehives last weekend and added an extension onto one hive–something not normally done during autumn when you typically shrink the size of your hives. The hive seemed overpopulated and the bees seemed stressed. After closing that hive, I wrapped both of them with blankets.
With the the citrus protected, the heat lamp in the chicken house, and the beehives covered, I can return to my indoor work . . . it never stops but my passion has always been to live close to the earth and write. This is the good life, made better by this wonderful Mediterranean-like climate that enable our citrus and grapes to thrive (although plunging temps make for a little extra work protecting them).
Enjoy reading about farming topics? Check out my cozy mysteries–A BEELINE TO MURDER and also THE MURDER OF A QUEEN BEE (both in the Henny Penny Farmette series from Kensington Publishing).
These novels are chocked full of recipes, farming tips, chicken and beekeeping tips, sayings and, of course, a charming cozy mystery. For more info, click on the links under the pictures.
The books are available through online retailers such as Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Kobo Books, and Walmart as well as from traditional bookstores everywhere.
This debut novel launched the Henny Penny Farmette series of mysteries and sold out its first press run. It’s now available in mass market paperback and other formats.
NEWLY RELEASED! This, the second cozy mystery in the Henny Penny Farmette series, is garnering great reviews from readers and industry publications.
My kitchen floor was littered with bits of wax and bee glue yesterday. It took me over an hour on my knees to scrub and clean it after I had uncapped thirty frames of honey I’d taken from my hives.
In the process of scraping each frame and then unsealing all the capped cells on the front and back of each frame, drops of wax and propolis, or bee glue (created by the bees from bee saliva, wax, and exudate from botanical sources) fell to the floor. I tracked it from the counter, sink, and extractor on the soles of my shoes.
Even before I put my honey buckets under the extractor spigot, I tape fine mesh strainers over the buckets to catch wax and other debris.
Three frames containing honey, but the sweet stuff is locked inside a honeycomb of cells sealed with wax by the bees
Once all the frames are processed and the buckets are sealed, I put the wax I’ve removed from the frames into a mesh bag to drain the honey (usually a much smaller quantity of honey is recovered from this process).
When the honey has been removed from the mesh bag, I place that wax on a cookie sheet and set it in the garden for the bees to clean. After the bees have cleaned all the wax (by eating any drops of honey left), I save the wax to melt into bars for candles or soap-making.
Back in in the kitchen, the extractor, it must be washed inside and out. Once cleaned and moved to the patio, I must start removing the wax and propolis from the floor. For that, I use an old thin, metal spatula to scrape the tile free of wax.
A soap and water scrub follows. Then I rinse and dry the floor with rags before moving the honey extractor back into the kitchen.
I won’t take honey again until next year. But now the honey must be bottled–that means I must sterilize bottles and prepare labels. Keeping honeybees is really only this labor intensive during and after the honey harvest. But the harvest is well worth all the work.
If you enjoy reading about farmette topics (including gardening, beekeeping, and delicious recipes), check out my cozy mysteries A BEELINE TO MURDER and also THE MURDER OF A QUEEN BEE in the Henny Penny Farmette series (from Kensington Publishing).
Sitting in the middle of my kitchen is a three-story hive box with thirty frames of honey that needs to be extracted, filtered, and poured into jars.
My apiary is small–just two hives. Taking the honey is quite a labor-intensive activity. But it brings its own kind of joy. As pollinator populations decrease, keeping bees is a small thing I can do for all of us . . . for our planet.
This electric honey extractor holds four frames; honey is spun out through centrifugal force and drains through the spigot
The stainless steel honey extractor, washed and scrubbed, has been pushed over by the oven to make a little space in my already-small kitchen.
Today, I washed the countertops, my stove, and even the sink with hot soapy water and bleach. Then after a thorough wipe-down, I stretched sheets of aluminum foil over the countertop. The extraction process started with four frames.
It’s a simple process. I set the four frames of honey on the foil-covered counter. Using a hot knife, I open the capped cells on both sides of the frames and put them in the honey extractor. Beneath the machine’s spigot, I’ve already positioned a five-gallon bucket with strainer attached. I start the machine on a slow speed and open the spigot.
Each of the five gallon and two-gallon buckets were previously washed and covered with strainers. These are held in place with heavy duty duct tape wrapped around the mouths. Switching out a full bucket for an empty one is easy when the buckets are prepped for use before the extraction starts.
Springtime honey appears golden in the frames whereas autumn honey is often darker (depending on what’s flowering, but often star thistle and eucalyptus, in my area)
I expect a yield of about thirty-five gallons this time. I lost one hive . . . more on that later, but, in all, it looks to be a good honey harvest for our family and friends.
As soon as I extract all the honey, I’ll start bottling it and affixing labels. It’s a process that will take several days to complete.
Tasting, smelling, and seeing all this golden, delicious honey that the bees created warms my heart. When we take care of them, they take care of us. And we always leave plenty of honey in the hives for the bees to eat throughout the winter.
If you enjoy reading about farmette topics (including gardening, beekeeping, and delicious recipes), check out my Henny Penny Farmette cozy mysteries series from Kensington Publishing.
These novels are chocked full of recipes, farming tips, and sayings as well as a charming cozy mystery.
JUST RELEASED! This, the second cozy mystery in the Henny Penny Farmette series, is garnering great reviews from readers and industry publications.
My books are available through online retailers such as Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Kobo Books, and Walmart as well as from traditional bookstores everywhere.
I love it when the reviews start rolling in for one of my novels . . . in this case, THE MURDER OF A QUEEN BEE. Here’s a highlight of the Booklist review to be published in that magazine’s September 1, 2016 issue:
“Framed with details of beekeeping, herb growing, and living and working on a small farm in California, this charming cozy also includes well-drawn, engaging
For more than a century, Booklist magazine has been and continues to be the go-to resource for American librarians (see, http://www.ala.org/offices/publishing/booklist/).
As libraries develop and evolve their collections of all types of library materials for virtually every genre and age group, they depend on reviews that Booklist provides. As an author, I appreciate having positive reviews from respected publications such as Booklist and Kirkus as well as other media in their respective platforms. As a cozy author, I also appreciate the exposure my novels get on blogging sites and other social media platforms.
Publisher’s Weekly, a major industry magazine that reviews books had this to say in its August 29, 2016 issue regarding THE MURDER OF A QUEEN BEE by Meera Lester (Kensington HC/October 2016/978-1-61773-913-2)
“Lester ticks all the boxes…This one is for lovers of cozy mysteries that are heavy on the cozy.” – Publishers Weekly
I’m also thrilled that Kirkus Review (see, https://www.kirkusreviews.com/), a valuable industry-firsts reviewing resource since 1933, has offered a review of my forthcoming novel, THE MURDER OF A QUEEN BEE that includes an excellent plot summary and this take-away quote about my protagonist ex-cop Abigail Mackenzie:
“Abby naturally finds it hard to concentrate on murder while she’s trying to decide what to do about Clay and her newfound attraction to Jack. The second from Lester (A Beeline To Murder, 2016) is long on romance, sweet tips, and honey recipes. . . . [and] mystery, too.”
These novels are available through online retailers such as Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Kobo Books, and Walmart as well as from traditional bookstores everywhere.
Now available in mass market paperback, this debut novel launched the Henny Penny Farmette series of mysteries and sold out its first press run.
The second cozy mystery in the Henny Penny Farmette series, available Sept. 27, 2016, is now available on Net Galley (netgalley.com) for professionals and readers who write reviews.
It’s Sunday. I’m bottling the honey that I pulled from the hives last week. Yesterday, I washed two dozen eight-ounce jars in the dishwasher and allowed them to dry upside down on paper towels. Today, I’ll put on my apron and listen to some energetic big band tunes while I drain that honey into jars.
The fine mesh strainer taped tightly around the bucket rim traps the bits of wax but does not impede the flow of honey
My buckets of honey still have duct tape around their rims holding the strainers in position. When the honey was spun in the extracting machine, it had to be drained through a filter. Painter’s filters work great as the mesh cloth is very fine and fits over the top of the bucket.
The filter is placed into position around the rim and then duct taped is wrapped around tightly two times. Honey is quite heavy and can pull down the filter if not secured. I’m straining the honey that goes into jars. However, I did save back a jar of unfiltered honey with all those bits in it for a family member who prefers it that way.
The work was easier and went faster than I’d expected. It helps to have everything you need close at hand, clean, and ready to go.
Of the three large buckets, the first had a nice spigot than I could turn off after I allowed honey to flow and fill the jar. Then I closed the spigot, wiped the jar with a damp paper towel, and then screwed the lid in place.
This five-gallon honey bucket will fill approximately five dozen eight-ounce jars; pictured here are 24 jars
The two dozen eight-ounce jars barely made a dent in my first honey bucket although my neighbor tells me that I can easily fill five dozen of the eight-ounce jars from one five-gallon bucket; or, I can fill two and one-half dozen of the sixteen-ounce jars.
Filled jars reveal clear, light amber honey the bees made from the French perfume lavender on my farmette and our springtime flowers, but these jars still labels
The next step in the process is to affix my Henny Penny label onto the jar. I plan to give some of these jars away during promotions in early October for my forthcoming novel, A BEELINE TO MURDER, the first in the Henny Penny Farmette series of cozies.
Published next month by Kensington, my book is available on Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and through most booksellers and online bookstores
Neonicotinoids, commonly referred to as neonics, are a new class of pesticides that are closely related to nicotine. As the U.S. government debates the use of these controversial chemicals and studies go on, the European Union has voted to ban bee-harming pesticides. See, http://www.theguardian.com/environment/2013/apr/29/bee-harming-pesticides-banned-europe.
There’s no question that the bee population has been in decline in the last decade. Many beekeepers and experts alike have been vocal in their suspicions that exposure to neonicotinoid pesticides is a likely culprit. The journal Nature published a study that revealed significant negative effects on the wild bumble bee foraging on plants sprayed with the new class of pesticides.
Pollinators of all types are important to our food crops, but especially the bumble bees and honeybees. The latter are trucked around to farms and orchards (particularly the almond orchards) in early spring to pollinate the blossoms.
Exposure to neonicotinoid pesticides resulted in wild bees doing less reproducing, having smaller colonies, and having colonies that didn’t grow as compared to wild bees not exposed to the neonics.
One of the studies was the result of research done in the wild, using 16 patches of land divided into two parcels of eight patches each. One area used canola seeds coated with the pesticide containing neonics. The seeds were not coated in the other area.
Scientists then compared the bees exposed to the pesticide with bees not exposed. The treated side had half as many bees per square meter as the untreated side. The bees in the pesticide patches also had negligible weight gain, but the bees in the untreated area gained roughly one pound.
Neonicotinoids are now the world’s most widely used pesticides. Isn’t it time farmers of the world found other options and chemical companies put less money into lobbying for these bee-dangerous chemicals and instead searched for good alternatives to help farmers deal with pests in their fields and orchards?
I opened my hives this past Sunday with the help of my world-class beekeeper neighbor. We checked on the the condition of eggs, the number of new queens, the growth of baby bees, the presence of mites (none detected), and the amount of honey (lots).
The male bees (the drones) over the last weeks have been engaged in some crazy flight patterns in front of the hive as the mating of the queen takes place. The old queen has done her egg laying and the hives have lots of babies with nurse maids and other worker bees. From the hives comes the clearly audible sound of humming and the fragrant scent of honey.
The drone (male bees) are vital for mating with the queen; after that, they are unnecessary and are eliminated
The drones are not now needed and the workers in the colony are doing away with them. I found a stack of drones at the front door of the hive this morning. Strange sight to see, indeed. But no more so than the many queen houses (formed from honeycomb by the worker bees). These houses are where the new queens are nourished; each contains royal jelly.
The tubular circles are the houses where the baby queens will be cared for by the workers. The houses contain royal jelly for the feeding of the new queens
My neighbor told me to wait three more weeks to take honey, but since I didn’t take any honey during the fall/winter and there were huge stores of it in my hives and coupled with the fact that there’s a plethora of flowers now to provide pollen for the bees, we decided it would be okay to remove some frames. So, I took six frames (weighing roughly ten pounds each) from the hives.
The honey I harvested has a pale lemony color–significant for the wildflowers and almond and fruit tree blossoms from which the bees collected the pollen to make that honey. In the fall, the honey is darker and earthier tasting, thanks to pollen from the star thistle and eucalyptus blooms.
When we had finished with my hives and walked back to my neighbor’s house, we spotted a swarm overhead. We grabbed the pots and wooden spoons and started banging. The bees took refuge in the tall pepper tree and that’s where my neighbor rescued them. In all, it was quite a spectacular Sunday!
Earth observation applications in Index-based Livestock Insurance (IBLI): Challenges and opportunities
Fava, F. 2017. Earth observation applications in Index-based Livestock Insurance (IBLI): Challenges and opportunities. Presented at the OnePlanet Workshop, Nairobi, 14-15 March 2017. Nairobi, Kenya: ILRI.
All of CGSpaceCommunities & CollectionsBy Issue DateAuthorsTitlesBy AGROVOC keywordBy ILRI subjectBy CPWF subjectBy CCAFS subjectBy CIFOR subjectBy IWMI subjectBy RegionBy CountryBy SubregionBy CRP subjectBy River basinBy Output typeBy CTA subjectBy WLE subjectBy Bioversity subjectBy CIAT subjectBy CIP subjectBy animal breedBy CGIAR System subjectThis CollectionBy Issue DateAuthorsTitlesBy AGROVOC keywordBy ILRI subjectBy CPWF subjectBy CCAFS subjectBy CIFOR subjectBy IWMI subjectBy RegionBy CountryBy SubregionBy CRP subjectBy River basinBy Output typeBy CTA subjectBy WLE subjectBy Bioversity subjectBy CIAT subjectBy CIP subjectBy animal breedBy CGIAR System subject
Sometime back when I deploy my web application( named: myApp) in Tomcat 5.5.23 installed on JDK 1.5 Update 14, I used to stuck with the following issue and I was not able to access my application.
INFO: validateJarFile(C:\Program Files\Apache Software Foundation\Tomcat 5.5\webapps\myApp\WEB-INF\lib\servlet-api.jar) – jar not loaded. See Servlet Spec 2.3, section 9.7.2. Offending class: javax/servlet/Servlet.class
I also tested this solution in three of my team’s systems.It worked for two systems and it didn’t work for one system. But I am sure the above is the cause and fix of this issue.The reason for not working in one system is something else which I have to investigate further.
This issue consumed lot of my time/energy/hope and frustrated and depressed me a lot.I didn’t get help from anyone. Now I am glad that I found the solution all by myself.
WAITING GAME Mayor Bill de Blasio has delayed taking on issues, such as an investigation into yeshiva schools, until after the election season. Politico
GROWTH MINDSET A new pre-K site with room for 180 students is set to open on the Upper East Side. DNAinfo
HEAD GAMES As school sports teams start practicing again, athletes face the risk of concussions. NY1
FOSTER STUDENTS Opinion: Private and charter schools can often better serve students who are in the foster care system. New York Post
THE PRIZE Two long-time educators on Staten Island will be presented with the Patrick F. Daly Memorial Award. Staten Island Advance
TUITION BILLS The median private school tuition in Manhattan is more than $44,000, up 23 percent in the last five years. Wall Street Journal
OUT TO LUNCH In New York City and states across the country, steps are being taken to eliminate “lunch shaming” when students can’t afford their meal. The 74
HISTORY LESSON Here is how tax incentive programs grew to fund more students in private schools than vouchers. Chalkbeat
Chalkbeat Chicago Chalkbeat National Chalkbeat New York Chalkbeat Newark How I Teach Rise & Shine Colorado Rise & Shine Detroit Rise & Shine Indiana Rise & Shine Tennessee The Starting Line
If Chamilo is useful to you, consider making it even more useful to others by contributing to the project. There are many ways to do so! Discover yours!
Utilizamos cookies para asegurar que damos la mejor experiencia al usuario en nuestro sitio web. Si continúa utilizando este sitio asumiremos que está de acuerdo.Estoy de acuerdo
Follow us on Twitter - Budakmara@exmrsmportal, You can also invite your Ex MRSM friends - to join you here
How do I connect Amazon tap to my phone?	by arianamarti on Mon 5th Nov 2018 - 11:20am 2 replies8 views Tue 6th Nov 2018 - 4:18am By: shirleyscott
https://www.futuresupplement.com/keto-ultra-diet/	by frekyali on Fri 2nd Nov 2018 - 11:25am 1 replies6 views Fri 2nd Nov 2018 - 11:25am By: frekyali
How to reinstall AOL Desktop Gold?	by 4owCNV on Fri 2nd Nov 2018 - 11:19am 1 replies6 views Fri 2nd Nov 2018 - 11:19am By: 4owCNV
24*7 Hour Available, What should I do to get Garmin Technical Support Toll free Number 1-866-959-3523?	by larrysi83522476 on Fri 2nd Nov 2018 - 11:17am 1 replies3 views Fri 2nd Nov 2018 - 11:17am By: larrysi83522476
HBO streaming problems on Computer.	by activatehbo on Fri 2nd Nov 2018 - 7:37am 2 replies4 views Fri 2nd Nov 2018 - 9:50am By: Commerce Cabin
Forgot Gmail password 1-855-479-1999 & unable to recover/ verify	by bhupiboss on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:28pm 1 replies9 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:28pm By: bhupiboss
Forgot Gmail password 1-855-479-1999 & have no access to registered mobile number	by bhupiboss on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:27pm 1 replies10 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:27pm By: bhupiboss
Gmail forgot password & need help setting up new phone 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:03pm 2 replies9 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:07pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail forgot password captcha is unreadable 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:03pm 2 replies20 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:06pm By: devilliers68036
Deleted Gmail once & now gmail forgot password of that 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:02pm 2 replies8 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:06pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail forgot password & 2SV enabled, help me 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:02pm 2 replies3 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:06pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail Forgot password of your alt. Gmail account? 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:02pm 2 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:05pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail forgot password as well as lost alternate email id? 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:01pm 2 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:05pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail forgot password? Ask help from us 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:00pm 2 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:05pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail forgot password & neither able to login not do recovery of it. 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:00pm 2 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:04pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail Forgot password & don't have the recovery mobile number 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 1:59pm 2 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:04pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail forgot password & the reset features are terrible 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 1:59pm 2 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 2:04pm By: devilliers68036
Where to obtain A Feasible Solution to Your Gmail Login hurdles? 1-855-479-1999	by jonson23cameron on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:46am 1 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:46am By: jonson23cameron
Be Acquainted With the Troubleshooting Process Of Fixing Gmail Login Problems 1-855-479-1999	by jonson23cameron on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:45am 1 replies1 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:45am By: jonson23cameron
Stuck In Gmail Login Problem? What to Do To Get Rid Of It! 1-855-479-1999	by jonson23cameron on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:45am 1 replies1 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:45am By: jonson23cameron
Sort Out Your Gmail Login Trouble to Regain Access to Your Gmail 1-855-479-1999	by jonson23cameron on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:44am 1 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:44am By: jonson23cameron
Tackle Gmail Login Problems Easily With the Aid of Professional Geeks 1-855-479-1999	by jonson23cameron on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:44am 1 replies1 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:44am By: jonson23cameron
Approach Our Troubleshooting Experts for Extricating Gmail Login Issue 1-855-479-1999	by jonson23cameron on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:43am 1 replies1 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:44am By: jonson23cameron
Blot Out Gmail Login Trouble via Our Toll Free Number 1-855-479-1999	by jonson23cameron on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:43am 1 replies1 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:43am By: jonson23cameron
Are you looking for fixing Gmail Login Problems? Obtain Aid 1-855-479-1999	by jonson23cameron on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:42am 1 replies1 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:42am By: jonson23cameron
How to install Xerox printer driver on Mac?	by printerhelpnumb on Tue 17th Jul 2018 - 10:36am 10 replies404 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 11:35am By: hiredwriters01
Garmin Free chat support sessions with our tech geeks and Garmin Technical Support Toll free Number 1-866-959-3523	by larrysi83522476 on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 9:39am 1 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 9:39am By: larrysi83522476
Report issues of email at Gmail forgot password service 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:19pm 3 replies11 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 9:28am By: bodyfitkart
MegaLeans: The Body Primarily Relies On Fat For Energy. by cyrusplark on Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 7:49am 1 replies2 views Thu 1st Nov 2018 - 7:49am By: cyrusplark
Get solutions of Gmail forgot password service 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:19pm 2 replies11 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:21pm By: devilliers68036
Gmail forgot password Retrieve your hacked account 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:18pm 2 replies10 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:21pm By: devilliers68036
Solve Gmail login problems at Gmail forgot password service 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:18pm 2 replies18 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:21pm By: devilliers68036
Password issued solved by easily at Gmail forgot password service 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:17pm 2 replies8 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:20pm By: devilliers68036
Overcome your Gmail Forgot Password issues within a least possible time frame 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:17pm 2 replies2 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:20pm By: devilliers68036
Is There Any Right Solution for Gmail Forgot Password Hurdles? 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:17pm 2 replies2 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:20pm By: devilliers68036
Connect with reliable troubleshooters in order to resolve Gmail Forgot Password 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:16pm 2 replies2 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:20pm By: devilliers68036
Recover your Gmail Forgot Password in seconds without having fear of any data loss 1-855-479-1999	by devilliers68036 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:16pm 2 replies2 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:19pm By: devilliers68036
Effectively Sort out Forgot Gmail Password 1-855-479-1999 inconveniences within a jiffy	by bhupiboss on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:10pm 1 replies2 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:10pm By: bhupiboss
How Crucial is to tackle down Forgot Gmail Password 1-855-479-1999 hurdles immediately? by bhupiboss on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:09pm 1 replies1 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:09pm By: bhupiboss
Jonesing to ward off Forgot Gmail Password 1-855-479-1999 concern by bhupiboss on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:08pm 1 replies1 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:08pm By: bhupiboss
Wrap up you’re the whole host of Forgot Gmail Password 1-855-479-1999 problems by bhupiboss on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:07pm 1 replies2 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:07pm By: bhupiboss
Screwed up due to Forgot Gmail Password 1-855-479-1999 concern? Stay happy! by bhupiboss on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:07pm 1 replies1 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 5:07pm By: bhupiboss
Technical Support For Webroot Secureanywhere Antivirus - Free Support and Customer Service	by maxxlee00 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 12:54pm 1 replies3 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 12:54pm By: maxxlee00
How may changes apply with the help of Spirit Airlines Reservations by allesseles on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 10:11am 2 replies13 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 11:58am By: Commerce Cabin
norton activation support	by johndav32385200 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 11:23am 1 replies5 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 11:23am By: johndav32385200
mcafee activation support	by johndav32385200 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 11:20am 1 replies5 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 11:20am By: johndav32385200
mcafee activation support	by johndav32385200 on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 11:18am 1 replies5 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 11:18am By: johndav32385200
https://www.futuresupplement.com/orange-grove-cbd-oil/	by kaznimaia on Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 10:49am 1 replies5 views Wed 31st Oct 2018 - 10:49am By: kaznimaia
Exotic is a non-profit organization, registered under the name Exotic Gaming and is primarily engaged in the practice of electronic sports, with its presence in national and international events. Established in March 18th 2003, with the fusion of two organizations, Exotic became one of the biggest organizations in the early days of the Portuguese Electronic Sports scene, becoming one of the biggest organizations in Europe at one time. Since it was created, Exotic entered the world of the Electronic… Read More
Hello how do i get this firmwqre. I ordered a 4 gig memory stick and a psp from amazon. what games can we play on the psp: also my skype is michaelhoffmanh76 if you'd like ot add me. can i just pug the membory stick in out of the box?
one more quesiton. where can i get games for the psp now? i hearthat you can download them from gamestop maybe and buy them that way? I joined gamefly and they have them for psp also. which is cool then if you like them you can buy them at a used game price.
Custom firmware is technically illegal, so best keep those discussions off this forum since illegal subject matter tends to get frowned upon around here... but it's not hard to find modded psps, if that's what you're looking for. And as already mentioned... there is no way to make the announcer announce who wins every round.
At Assault, one second here. As far as I know, putting a custom firmware isn|t seen happily by sony, but it's not illegal.
2. If the copys you make of this UMD or the downloaded images arent distributed to any others and you just use them for your own needs.
So, I would say it#s like jailbreaking an iOS device or Rooting an android phone or tablet, not seen fondly, but still not illegal.
#96L odds now down to just 10% per NHC, as upper-level winds and interaction with the Greater Antilles has been too much to handle
Looking at the animated model thing, it looks like the models have been going too far right, even since Ivan developed, and even now it's further west than the models from yesterday suggested? What's up with this, could it go into the Yucatan?
If you thought you’d already lost your passion for and faith in fashion, you’ll literally fall back in love thanks to a brand that, though founded in 2005, is still making us invest and believe in creativity and fantasy, thanks to the powerful imagery sent out by the two heads of this Australian firm, Romance...
At some point we have all been asked we have wondered … “And if you were invisible for a day, what would you do?” If you have never thought about that question or the subsequent answer, now it is time to get started because possibly the most minimalist trend has just settled in the textile...
Grain Supply Co. was born in 2012 with recycled materials. A handbag collection made with unique and interchangeable pieces. Then after her first contact with the sewing machine, Anna Villarrosa (the founder) starts to see the possibilities of clothing redesign. Clothes at the back of the wardrobe were the first target, with the aim of...
Vladimir Nabokov already knew what the world of sunglasses would think when he photographed his beautiful Lolita with striking lenses on a heart-shaped frame. And in the last few months we have gone from conventional models, square, round or pear, to get engaged in tutorials on how to customize that great accessory in our wardrobe...
TALLAHASSEE - The Florida Lottery announces that Jacqueline Ramos Herrera, 45, of Miami Gardens, claimed a top prize in the $5,000,000 GOLD RUSH DOUBLER Scratch-Off game at Florida Lottery Headquarters in Tallahassee. She chose to receive her winnings as a one-time, lump-sum payment of $3,725,000.
Ramos Herrera purchased her winning ticket from Baby Supermarket, located at 4805 Northwest 167th Street in Miami Gardens. The retailer will receive a $10,000 bonus commission for selling the winning Scratch-Off ticket.
The $20 game, $5,000,000 GOLD RUSH DOUBLER, features six top prizes of $5 million, 30 prizes of $1 million, and more than $752 million in total cash prizes! This $20 game offers more than 16.8 million winning tickets, and overall odds of winning are one-in-2.99.
Scratch-Off games are an important part of the Lottery's portfolio of games, comprising approximately 65 percent of ticket sales and generating more than $734 million for the Educational Enhancement Trust Fund (EETF) in fiscal year 2015-16.
The Florida Lottery is responsible for contributing more than $31 billion to education and sending more than 750,000 students to college through the Bright Futures Scholarship Program. The Florida Lottery reinvests 98 percent of its revenue back into Florida's economy through prize payouts, commissions to more than 13,000 Florida retailers and transfers to education. Since 1988, Florida Lottery games have paid more than $52.4 billion in prizes and made more than 1,900 people millionaires. For more information, please visit www.flalottery.com.
Create an account and make constructive edits to the wiki. All edits are manually reviewed before trust is assigned - please read the instructions and policies before making edits.
We use cookies to provide you with the best possible experience on our website. If you continue to use this site, you agree to our use of cookies. Find out more in our Privacy Policy
Create your custom sewing fabric. Design a graphic file upload it in our app and let us print it on fabric!
We digitally print on sewing fabric. Adjust the pattern, then decide which fabric you would us to print it on. Next choose the order size, add an item to the basket and it's done!
Wait for a preview of the design you've chosen. It can take a while if you download it for the first time...
Extended License Fee: € It is one-time license fee. Buying this design next time you will pay only for the fabric.
You need to be logged in to buy a pattern with Extended License. I'm going to use this material to make goods for further sale (e.g. clothing, beddings, etc.). I would like to buy Extended License for this pattern.
The visualisation above have a view character. Colours on a screen may differ in tone from printed ones. Some browsers have problems with interpreting colours that are saved in CMYK profile. We also cannot ensure that each pattern from the catalogue repeats seamlessly. If you want to know what the final result will be like or you hadn't chosen the pattern before, order a printed sample first.
This is a placeholder page for Ryan Woods, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Ryan Woods.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Ryan Woods. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Ryan Woods. We created this page automatically in hopes Ryan Woods would find it. If you are not Ryan Woods, but are an alumni of Godwin High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Godwin High School	of Richmond, Virginia
"Framewalk", a multi-disciplinary cross-cultural performance workshop by Kabawil, featuring participants from Germany and Mozambique, in Düsseldorf October 2017. Final presentation: Oct. 6, 2017
Last night, at 3 am or so, small tiny hard snow fell. Granular snow. Dry snow. The kind people like to ski on. But, it wasn't that much. When I woke up it really only just glazed the roof tops with a white icing, and fills the indentations of fallen brown leaves in white spots across the lawn. The day was cold and crisp, slightly overcast, with a breeze clearing the sky by mid-afternoon. What a November day should feel like. Last night one of my roomates complained about the weather upon returning from dinner. He said it was disgusting that it was november and he was wearing just a sweater. He thought it was too warm for November. I agree. We've had one 70 degree day afer another for most of November, and yesterday we had a very blustery day. I sat out in the wind on the curb and felt it blow around me and through my hair, as I cried my frustration at the state of my life. A cold wind. It felt good in constrast with my hot anger, frustration and tears. And it blew in some cold weather and a little snow. Finally, some November weather....cold and dry, full of Vata, blowing up and stirring up emotions and imbalances in the body.
Rebecca at Crabapple herbs wrote about flax seed tea a few weeks ago, and in light of that post, I devised a warming demulcent tea for cold and blustery days, in which the wind sucks every ounce of moisture and warmth from your body. Marshmallow is a nice demulcent, slightly cooling and very moistening, ideal for summer dryness and yin deficiency. But cold weather calls for something more warming. Warming to the core, and a gentle stimulant to Pitta digestive fires. Especially with the heavier foods winter diets are rich in, stews, meats, fats, root vegetables. And a warm inner fire helps keep the body warm overall, even during cold weather.
This is a yummy concoction, especially with a little honey or molasses added, but I think it is sweet enough as is, warming, soothing, and hydrating to dry tissues. Mix the following herbs ( suggested proportions, but you could adjust according to taste and constitution) and use 2 tsp per 8 oz of water. Simmer gently for 10 min. Strain while hot and sip.
I think it would also be quite lovely with the addition of eluethero or astragalus roots, or fenugreek or clove, or anise.
Oh, I want snow too! Rhiannon has a little sign outside the door that says "Let it snow" she says that this is so that Gaia will know that we'd like some snow.
We got about a foot of snow here last night. Fluffy dry crystals. Next time I'm in town I'll get the spices I don't have to make your tea - I've been drinking gallons of ginger tea and could definitely use some variety.
Salle De Bain, Repeindre Le Carrelage D Une Salle De Bain was posted December 19, 2015 at 12:12 pm by wekillodors.com . More over Repeindre Le Carrelage D Une Salle De Bain has viewed by 1596 visitor.
Meuble, Comment Repeindre Un Meuble was posted July 23, 2016 at 12:30 am by wekillodors.com . More over Comment Repeindre Un Meuble has viewed by 1573 visitor.
Couleurs, Repeindre Un Bureau En Bois was posted March 22, 2018 at 11:24 pm by wekillodors.com . More over Repeindre Un Bureau En Bois has viewed by 473 visitor.
Meuble, Comment Repeindre Un Meuble Sans Le Poncer was posted July 2, 2018 at 8:12 pm by wekillodors.com . More over Comment Repeindre Un Meuble Sans Le Poncer has viewed by 1835 visitor.
Couleurs, Repeindre Un Buffet En Chene was posted June 15, 2016 at 7:31 am by wekillodors.com . More over Repeindre Un Buffet En Chene has viewed by 385 visitor.
Selected startups are assessed and introduced to matching investors and corporate members to initiate business discussions.
European community of “Billion-Euro” startups working together on building, from a policy prospective, a European technology entrepreneurial ecosystem able to compete on a global scale.
Connect with more than 400 attendees and participate to a free week of the top-notch training program “Startup School” in San Francisco
This project has received funding from the European Union’s Horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement No 644286.
All you need for this week’s free, trainer-designed workout is a timer and 25 minutes (plus warm-up and cool down, of course). Have fun and let us know how you did!
1. Warm-up for 8 to 10 minutes with a variety of dynamic movements: jumping jacks, butt kicks, sky walks, and mobility drills.
[Note: WellATL workouts are designed for people already familiar with and accustomed to the exercises. If you’re new to exercise, contact us (info@wellatl.com) and we’ll direct you to an amazing fitness provider in your area!]
Atlanta is chock full o’ amazing health and wellness events. How’s a person supposed to keep up? Fear not! We’ve got your back. Every Monday, WellATL brings you a handy-dandy list of the week’s finest options. And now, behold, seven days of awesome…
Eat, drink, be merry, and support a good cause. The Farmer Fund supports local farmers when natural disaster hits. Attend the launch party from 6 to 9 p.m. Tickets are $65.
Tighten and tone your body with a blend of yoga and pilates at Barre3’s free class on the Beltline. Meet at 6:30 p.m. in Tanyard Creek Park and be sure to register beforehand.
REI hosts a Meteor Shower Evening Hike and Mixer at Panola Mountain State Park. Enjoy hiking, eat some “trail tapas,” and learn about astronomy. It’s $40 for REI members and $60 for non-members, and the hike starts at 9 p.m. Group size is limited so register early.
Get a total body workout, develop strength and mobility, and get a bangin’ core with TRX at FitWit Studio (Disclosure: WellATL’s publisher is a founder of FitWit). Classes are held at 6 a.m., 6:45 a.m., and 6 p.m. A single class is $25 or get a three-class trial pass for the same amount.
Ride into the weekend with The Atlanta Bicycle Coalition’s Business + Bikes event. Ride on two wheels to shop and eat at local businesses along Peachtree Street between 8th and 10th streets in Midtown. You’ll get some exercise and support the local business community all at the same time!
We told you about the good work happening at Back on My Feet, a non-profit that uses running to transform the lives of homeless individuals. Hit the road for the 4th Annual Meaningful Miles 4 Mile Run/Walk at 8 a.m. Register for just $5 if you create a fundraising page with a $100 goal, or register without one for $35 ($40 on race day).
We sure do love our tea in the South. Attend The Homestead Atlanta’s Building Teas for Health and Wellness workshop to learn how to blend the perfect cup for taste, mood, condition, and environment. Held at the Buckhead Acupuncture and Herbal Center at The Astoria from 3 to 5 p.m., the event is $40.
Relationships between social capitals, organizational citizenship behavior and job satisfaction among nursing staff
Comparing shaping resources of the nursing public image and their importance from the perspective of nurses and general public
the way we talk to our children becomes their inner voice Wisdom of Life.: My prayers for you. quotes christian inspirational quotes christian inspirational quotes
Missing Children – World Down Syndrome Day | Timmeries Blog Dave Willis quotes quote truly listen love and respect Posted by Ani at Thursday, June 24, 2010
some Cheer Up Quotes (Quotes About Moving On) above inspired you Feel Good Friday - Cocktails With Mom Move on Cheer up quotes and sayings for girls
Death Of A Cat Poetry | animalgals Quotes for those Grieving | changeindirections 28th August 1955 – the Lynching of Emmett Till | Dorian Cope
Fooled Quotes 55 Inspiring Quotes from U.S. Presidents That Will Change Your Life funny quotes about animals. funny animals with quotes. funny animals
We Don?t Talk Like We Used To And I Miss That. | the best. Because I know, I definitely love you More than any other Dont. Lie. To me. (Harry Potter) | Reaction GIFs
good-quotes-life-sayings-pain-happiness quotes respect quotes sayings respect quotes and sayings famous TOP 10 Reasons People Stay in an Abusive Relationship
by diseetibb on Pinterest | Grieving Mother, Grief and I Miss You moment of love: I just want you to hug me tight cry for the person Who hurt you. Just smile & sayTHANKS FOR GIVING ME
93 Depression Quotes (with Images) - Quotes about Depression Girly: I Am? | You hate your life, while some people dream of having your life
miss when you used to talk to me. Then the fun stuff ended. Then you 17432-dont-talk-to-me-because-youre-bored-im-not-here-to-entertain you are the one for me love quote - Collection Of Inspiring Quotes
Picture of Weekend~Quotes~Pictures~Humor~Enjoy | Inspirational Quotes Real Women Relationship Quotes And Sayings page 3 get over, even when you have convinced yourself that you’ve moved on
together. Shes a very beautiful, confident woman. - Brendan Fraser goodmorning quotes-choice-every morning you have two choices-continue saying hi to the beautiful women of all ages
quotes on Pinterest | Fear Quotes, Wise Words and Inspirational quotes The fox gazed at the little prince, for a long time. (to me) like her statements have been farmed for problematic quotes
R.J. Hunter is storyteller who believes in the power of story to incite change. Besides writing the occasional article or story, R.J. is often seen on the stage, dancing to the music, and eating tasty treats. "I still find each day too short for all the thoughts I want to think, all the walks I want to take, all the books I want to read, and all the friends I want to see." - John Burroughs
Subscribe to our mailing list so you can stay up to date with new posts, new products, discounts/specials and other interesting things. One email per week at most.
Ironbark Distillery supports the Responsible Service of Alcohol. New South Wales: Liquor Act 2007. It is against the law to sell or supply alcohol to, or to obtain alcohol on behalf of, a person under the age of 18 years. Victoria: WARNING: Victoria Liquor Control Reform Act 1998: It is an offence to supply alcohol to a person under the age of 18 years (Penalty exceeds $7,000), for a person under the age of 18 years to purchase or receive liquor (Penalty exceeds $600). Western Australia: WARNING. Under the Liquor Control Act 1988, it is an offence: to sell or supply liquor to a person under the age of 18 years on licensed or regulated premises; or for a person under the age of 18 years to purchase, or attempt to purchase, liquor on licensed or regulated premises. South Australia: Liquor Licensing Act 1997, Section 113. Liquor must NOT be supplied to persons under 18. Queensland: Under the Liquor Act 1992, it is an offence to supply liquor to a person under the age of 18 years.
We need to do new promo shots. Can you help us come up with some ideas? Please refer to the picture above to see what sorts of 'concepts' we come up with on our own. We were trying to ape the VHS packaging for Overboard but somehow went astray.
IRON COBRA is a two person improv outfit from Toronto of Canada. This is the place where we say internet stuff.
As lady bosses and mompreneurs, we sometimes forget to take a break and just pamper ourselves. This DIY home pedicure will have you feeling relaxed and pampered. So grab a glass of wine and take the break you deserve, and treat yo self! What You’ll Need: Tub or basin filled with very warm water 1-2 […]
hello friends, i have htc bravo pbthe problem is only shows htc RUU_HTC Desire Android Upgrade (Gingerbread).in the middle. 11 Aug HTC recently released the official update to Android “Gingerbread” for their popular Desire smartphone. Android x Gingerbread on the HTC Desire isn’t a significant update either, as the differences are mostly under the hood. Alternatively, you may install. 1 Sep For all those who wanted to install the latest AOKP version of Jellybean version of firmware in their HTC Desire smartphone now can be.
19 Jul If you've already found a ROM you want to install then skip down to the and then didn't bother updating the ROM any more even though it has. 13 Apr Download GApps, PA GApps, Roms, Kernels, Themes, Firmware, PokeMesh and more. Free file hosting for RUU_HTC Desire Android Upgrade ( Gingerbread).exe. for the HTC Desire, by Chromium. Click Here to Start. I renamed the update file to hondaserviceexpress.com and put it in sd card. 2.) I did a wipe cache The phone is stuck at HTC boot screen without any progress. How long does it download a rom for your phone carrier! 1-disconnect the.
10 Nov So you've decided to bite the bullet and update your HTC Desireto Android Gingerbread. Here's a step-by-step walkthrough to make sure. Please note: ROM Downloads are not available for Verizon Wireless Devices. However select Verizon Wireless devices can be updated using the HTC Sync. 9 Jul HTC Desire users can also enjoy Android ICS on their devices now. HTC is not going to release ICS for HTC Desire officially as they have. 6 Dec A new update is available for the HTC Desire bringing its firmware version up to The update is only confirmed to be going out to. Main / Cards & Casino / Htc desire pb firmware RUU_HTC Desire Android Upgrade (Gingerbread).exe. for the HTC Desire, by Chromium. Click Here to.
12 Mar Carbon ROM version Android Kitkat has released for HTC Desire. Carbon Fibers (all ROM features are organized in one place with Today in Android: OnePlus 6 Gets First Major Update, Razer Phone Gets. 1 Aug HTC releases the Android Gingerbread update for its HTC Desire The update is provided in the form of a RUU (ROM Update Utility). 23 Aug HTC Desire has for long been sidelined by its maker, as newer handsets have hogged the limelight with official Jelly Bean stock ROMs. Do you want to obtain more power from your HTC Desire S? Are you tired of the same old Android ICS firmware and want a new update? If so, then you will.
Apparently, the truck driver didn’t pay attention to the sign of weight restrictions and drove on the bridge. Look after the jump how it all ended.
For some unknown reason, 16 flat wagons detached from the locomotive, rolled for eight miles to the loading port, rammed the tent and fell into the water next to the terminal. Three people were killed and some others were injured.
With only nine days left until Karmic Koala's official release, it's time to take a look into the past. Five years ago, on the 20th of October, 2004, Mark Shuttleworth and the "warm-hearted Warthogs" from the developer team announced the first official Ubuntu release. Version 4.10, code name "Warty Warthog," was only the first representative in a line of operating systems that were made by human beings for human beings, aiming to let normal people use Linux.
Ubuntu 4.10 (Warty Warthog) was something weird for its time. It was common back then for Linux operating systems to ship on anywhere from two to even nine CDs, but Warty only had two: a Live and an Installation CD. Another thing that separated Ubuntu from the other Linux distributions of the time was the ShipIt service that sent Ubuntu CDs to anyone who requested them, free of charge.
The Warty Warthog was followed by Ubuntu 5.04 (Hoary Hedgehog), which brought another series of improvements that catered to non-technical users. The update manager and the notifier changed the task of updating the system from a deeply administrative one to something anyone could do. Under the hood, dynamic frequency scaling kept laptops running for a longer while, and the hardware database kept a tight watch on what components worked well out of the box.
The Ubuntu 5.10 (Breezy Badger) release hid the kernel start-up messages that looked like an alien language to most users under a graphical bootloader for the first time. At that time another defining feature of Ubuntu was created: integration with the Launchpad developer portal.
Fast forward to Ubuntu 6.04 and you will see that there is no such thing. Because the development was not complete, Mark Shuttleworth moved the release date to June that year, but made up to the users by giving them the first long-term support release: Ubuntu 6.06 LTS (Dapper Drake). This version changed the installation process in two ways: the two CDs that were typical for a release were merged into one, which served the double purpose of being a live and an install disk and, related to that, the setup process stopped using Debian's installer and switched to a graphical setup tool named Ubiquity.
You probably still remember Ubuntu 6.10 (Edgy Eft), because it was the first release that featured the finished Human graphical theme. Also, this version featured Tomboy, the note-taking application, and F-Spot, the photo manager. The Beryl desktop effects were also one of the attractions.
Those uber-cool desktop effects that were impressive for seasoned users and novices alike were made possible for the first time with the inclusion of Compiz in Ubuntu 7.04 (Feisty Fawn). Switching from Windows to Ubuntu was made much easier by the migration assistant that was created for this release, and virtualization was given a helping hand by including the Kernel Virtual Machine. Along with the packages was improved multimedia support with the restricted driver and codec installation tools.
I can actually remember Ubuntu 7.10 (Gutsy Gibbon), because it allowed me to save files on an NTFS partition. NTFS-3G's inclusion opened the way for tighter interoperability with Windows systems, while AppArmor watched the system's security and Compiz Fusion took the graphical aspect of the desktop one step further.
Ubuntu 8.04 LTS (Hardy Heron) will continue to be on desktops for a while, because its official support will end in April 2011. It featured a new desktop search tool, Tracker, the Brasero disk burner, the Transmission bit-torrent application and many other new programs. Most of us remember it because of PulseAudio, that was a new thing back then and it caused a lot of problems with audio. Also, Hardy was another big step towards an easy installation, because Wubi allowed you to skip partitioning and stuff Ubuntu in a file on one of your Windows disks.
Ubuntu 8.10 (Intrepid Ibex) was released into a world where netbooks were starting to conquer the market. Since most of those portable computers had no optical drive, Ubuntu came up with the Live USB Creator that allowed you to transfer the bootable image to a USB drive. Also, 8.10 had a lot of security improvements, like home folder encryption support and a ready-made guest account. Rebuilding kernel modules by hand was made obsolete by the inclusion of Dynamic Kernel Module Support.
You must be familiar with Ubuntu 9.04 (Jaunty Jackalope), because you're probably running it right now. It brought us the new Notify OSD and fresh graphics, along with faster boot times and web service integration. The hardware in netbooks was supported, and Wacom tablets were now hot-pluggable. On the development side, everything was moved to the Bazaar revision control system.
Now we're leaving the past and moving on towards the future. Ubuntu 9.10 (Karmic Koala) will be here in nine days, should everything go according to plan. The anniversary presents will be a new graphical theme, ultra-fast boots and a Netbook Remix that truly deserves the Ubuntu name.
Since such a trip down the memory lane would not be complete without a mental image of each release, we prepared this screenshot tour. It represents the journey of a free operating system that truly changed the way people use their computer. Enjoy the Ubuntu timeline, 11 releases in 5 years!
The second alpha of Mandriva Linux 2010.0 was launched last night, on July 31st, by the Mandriva team. The development cycle of Mandriva Linux 2010.0 will continue with a beta release at the end of August, two release candidates scheduled for September and October, and the official public release expected around November, 2009.
Mandriva Linux 2010.0 Alpha 2 is still not available as a Live CD, the only way for you to test it is to grab the DVD and install it. It is available for both 32-bit and 64-bit architectures.
The features of this release are exactly what everyone was expecting, the newly released GNOME 2.27.5 and KDE 4.3 RC3 desktop environments, Linux kernel 2.6.31 RC4, and many more.
Remember that this is an alpha release and it should not be installed on production machines. It is intended for testing purposes only. Please report bugs to the Mandriva Bug Tracker.
Canonical has announced today in a press release that it will offer new support services for both individual and small businesses, which will ease the transition to the popular Ubuntu operating system, from Microsoft Windows or Apple Macintosh. Ubuntu is a 100% free and open-source Linux OS for both desktop and server platforms, with millions of users around the globe. With these support services offered by Canonical, users can take now take full advantage of the Ubuntu OS. They will include support for installations, desktop configuration and general assistance (see below for details about each package).
Steve George, director of Canonical's Corporate Services division says: "Canonical's Desktop Support Services provides an easy, inexpensive way to get Ubuntu up and running in the home, home office and small business - reaching the vast majority of computer users. [...] With our team supporting them, Ubuntu is ideal for people who just want their computer to work, where the goal is to get up and running with no fuss, focusing on the things they want to accomplish."
- The Starter Desktop Service offers support for installations and basic configuration and functionality of the Ubuntu system, like creating various documents, playing audio and video streams, using various applications or setting up the Internet. The package's price starts from 34.73 Pound Sterling (GBP) + VAT;
- The Advanced Desktop Service offers support for power users who need help or assistance for migrating documents or settings from a Microsoft Windows or Apple Macintosh operating system. Advanced installations, personnel accounting and desktop publishing are also covered by this offering. The package's price starts from 72.62 Pound Sterling (GBP) + VAT;
- The Professional Desktop Service offers support for experienced users who already use Ubuntu as their main operating system, but need help with network installations, various applications support, advanced productivity, advanced system administration and more. The package's price starts from 138.03 Pound Sterling (GBP) + VAT.
The Beta milestone of Threat Analysis and Modeling 3.0 is live on the Microsoft Download Center and available for download. The tool is designed to allow business users to perform threat modeling and essentially to streamline application risk management. According to Microsoft, the work poured into version 3.0 is designed, on top of expanding the solution with new features, to enhance performance while reducing costs associated with threat modeling. Threat Analysis and Modeling 3.0 Beta is capable of putting together a threat model after being served with information including business requirements and application architecture, but also to deliver security artifacts on top of pointing out threats.
“TAM v3.0 release is focused on 3 main areas of the tool including: threat modeling methodology; gathering application architecture; and security guidance,” revealed Anil Kumar Venkata Revuru, senior software development engineer for Connected Information Security Group.
Customers running Threat Analysis and Modeling 3.0 Beta will be able to enjoy backward compatibility. Revuru noted that “V3.0 is completely backward compatible with v2.1 threat models. A new plug-in has been added in the import section for users to import v2.1 threat models.” At the same time, the Redmond company has taken the necessary steps to ensure that users are always running the latest version of TAM. In this respect, version 3.0 comes with an Auto Updated Client, designed to inform customers of the latest refreshes available for the threat analysis and modeling tool and to point to the downloads.
A guy bought a bottle of ice tea, the equivalent of Ice Tea in China. And just before drinking it, he stopped. When you are in China, be extremely careful
Marco Ghirlanda, team leader of ArtistX, announced the immediate availability of version 0.6, now created with the help of Remastersys Live CD creation software. Using the 2.6.27 Linux kernel, ArtistX 0.6 lets you choose between GNOME 2.24 and the recent KDE 4.2 desktop environments and has Compiz Fusion included for a full 3D-effects experience.
Having plenty of space on a DVD, ArtistX 0.6 comes with almost 2500 free multimedia applications designed for all Linux users. This version is based on the latest stable Ubuntu 8.10 (Intrepid Ibex) release and features the Ubiquity installer.
ArtistX Linux Live DVD, an Ubuntu based distribution, transforms a normal computer into a full-featured multimedia production machine. Containing almost all available free audio, video and 2D/3D graphics tools, ArtistX is a good choice for multimedia enthusiasts, professionals and amateurs alike. Being a Live DVD, there is no need to install ArtistX on the hard disk, thus leaving your partitions untouched. All the created files can easily be saved on USB drives and even burned on CDs or DVDs.
The Kubuntu team announced on Saturday (February 21) the second maintenance release of Kubuntu 8.04 (Hardy Heron), which is supported with security fixes and maintenance updates until October 2009. Kubuntu 8.04.2 brings to its dedicated users a lot of security updates and corrections (over 200), all with a single goal: to keep Kubuntu 8.04 a stable and reliable Linux distribution!
"In all, over 200 updates have been integrated, and updated installation media has been provided so that fewer updates will need to be downloaded after installation. These include security updates, and corrections for other high-impact bugs, with a focus on maintaining stability and compatibility with Kubuntu 8.04." - said the Kubuntu team in the official release announcement.
· The hdparm power management was set to 128 for all hard disks while on battery, and 254 while on AC (please note that the suspend/resume functions still crash this and a complete fix will arrive in the third maintenance release of Hardy Heron);
· Added support CDs with compressed packages, which will allow everyone to upgrade to future release using CDs;
· Updated the MySQL 4.1 packages, which will allow a smooth upgrade from Ubuntu 6.06 LTS (Dapper Drake);
Kubuntu is a Linux distribution based on Ubuntu, and built on top of KDE (K Desktop Environment). Kubuntu can be used on your desktop or server. Among its features we can notice a fast and easy install, regular releases, a tight selection of excellent packages installed by default, every other package you can imagine available from the network, and professional technical support from Canonical Ltd. and hundreds of other companies around the world.
Mandriva Announces Pulse 2 v1.2 - A technology for Linux and Windows desktop roll-out projects. Mandriva announced the immediate availability of version 1.2 of their Pulse 2, an Open Source tool for managing workstations, mobile computers and servers. Mandriva Pulse 2's purpose is to make managing of information systems much easier for those who choose to use it.
Mandriva Pulse 2 keeps a software and hardware inventory for each computer in its database, deploying and updating applications. Other features include diagnostic and remote control modules. This set of tools automates the management of workstations, servers or even mobile computers and, at the same time, reduces management and information system administration costs, regardless of the operating system.
Pulse 2 identifies instability risks and security errors in time to prevent further problems, and it is able to detect differences between current features and security policies that are pre-established.
"Companies are called upon to manage information systems ever more heterogenous whilst at the same time assuring their global availability. [...] The status of Open Source software gives Pulse 2 a powerful capacity of integration within highly diversified environments. It helps users to manage this diversity by enabling updates and maintenance tasks no matter the number of platforms and their location, to reduce the time and cost of the system administration.", stated Mandriva's Business Products and Services Division VP, Sebastien Lefebvre, in the official release announcement.
Mandriva Pulse 2 increases the overall security and reliability of user environments by automating roll-outs, maintenance and update processes. It can also observe and record user's choices, making migration a faster process. Having a modular architecture and bandwidth management mechanisms, Mandriva Pulse 2 is a great solution for large, wide-spread IT infrastructures.
Mandriva is the publisher of one of the most popular Linux distributions, Mandriva Linux, a user-friendly operating system. Mandriva's products are available online in 80 languages, with dedicated servers in 140 countries. More information can be found by accessing their website.
Slamd64 12.2 Released - Brings important system-wide updates. Fred Emmott announced yesterday the release of version 12.2 of his Linux distribution, Slamd64, a system compatible with both 32- and 64-bit hardware. Its multilib capability enables this distro to have an increased support for both 32-bit software and 64-bit binaries, but without the cluttering of the root directory. The nspluginwrapper viewer is still included in the distribution, making it easy to install and use 32-bit plugins on 64-bit versions of Firefox and Konqueror, which are included in this release.
"Like previous releases of Slamd64, 12.2 provides seamless FHS-compliant 32-bit compatibility, via a multilib system (/lib for 32-bit libraries and /lib64 for 64-bit libraries). [...] nspluginwrapper is still included in c/, allowing you to easily use 32-bit browser plugins (such as Adobe Flash) in the included 64-bit browsers, such as Firefox and Konqueror - given the availability of prerelease 64-bit versions of Adobe Flash Player and Sun's Java Plugin, this will hopefully vanish soon." – said Fred Emmott in the official release announcement.
Slamd64 first appeared in 2004 as an unofficial port to the 64-bit architecture of Slackware Linux. Because of this, almost all packages created for the x86 version of Slackware can be run by Slamd64. The minimum system requirements are: 128 MB of RAM, 100 MB disk space for the text-only install or 3 GB for the full version and a VGA card. 3D graphics are also supported with a recommendation to use NVidia or Intel cards.
Automatic Wallpaper Changer - Create image playlists with the least effort. BioniX Wallpaper is an advanced desktop wallpaper cycler and wallpaper manager.
The desktop background of the computer may seem of little importance to some but other users pay very much attention to the image set as background of the screen. It either says something about their personality or it is simply an image conveying their state of mind.
Although the process of changing a desktop background is nothing complicated and implies opening a wallpaper with Windows' image viewer and choosing the option from the context menu, there are ways of completely automating it. BioniX Wallpaper Changer is one of the most appreciated wallpaper managers on the Internet and it comes jam-packed with options.
The application has three versions, one for every pocket: the Lite edition is absolutely free, the Extreme version is $14.2 and the Insane edition is $21.4 but you can get a 30% discount for the last two if you use the coupon code Disc30 upon purchasing from the developer's website. All three are differentiated by the number of active features. For a complete list of features for each of the mentioned versions you can check up this link here.
We're going to test the Insane version, which has all the features of the Lite and the Extreme editions and then some. Besides lifetime access to updates, it gives access to over 125 application skins, enables the wallpaper change shortcut, makes available the “lock on folder” feature and supports an unlimited amount of images in the playlist.
From the moment Bionix Wallpaper Changer is launched you can clearly see that the developer did not aim to impress with the aesthetics of the software but with its slew of features and options. Even so, there are a bunch of skins available to change the main application window and make it more pleasantly looking.
One thing needs to be mentioned about BioniX Wallpaper Changer: it is not a regular wallpaper manager as it is capable of handling an entire folder of images and change them according to a user-set time interval. It can shuffle them for a touch of ‘the element of surprise’ or roll them in the exact order they are stored on the hard disk.
In the main screen of the software there is a set of options very similar to the controls of an audio player. These can help you skip to the next or previous image and start/stop the countdown timer, which can be set down to a second but in this mode you will notice a computer drag as the CPU is used pretty intensely.
The main application window contains a drop-down menu that, once unrolled, gives you access to different menus situated in the lower part of the window: Desktop, Enhance and Lock on Folder. The Info tab shows the amount of free space on the drives of the system. Each of them contains options for configuring the wallpaper style, choosing the resampling quality and the contrast, saturation and brightness for the best looks.
Given the tooltips popping up upon mouse hovering over an option and their brief explanation, working with the application should be a cinch. The list of resample filters includes the famous Lanczos and Mitchell filters as well as B-Spline, Hermite and Bell.
The Lock on Folder feature allows you to spin the images in a specific folder automatically every time you start the program. They make for the software playlist and you can add as many pictures as you want after the locking has been enabled because the application will simply count them all.
Playlist view can be enabled from the main application window (top right) and, just like in an audio player, you get to create as many of them as you want and save them on the hard disk. Sort options let you randomize the list or reverse the order of the items.
Configuring BioniX Wallpaper Changer is nothing complicated and allows for setting up the action to be taken at software start (change wallpaper and then close, start the countdown timer or do absolutely nothing). It can also be set up to start with Windows in minimized mode.
The application supports additional interface tweaks besides the various skins available, consisting of changing the opacity and making it transparent.
Additional options relate to the Playlist Editor. Here you can choose the action attributed to the Delete button (removing the file from playlist only or from the hard disk as well) or select the default resample mode.
If the tooltips are popping up too slow, their appearance time can be changed, together with the duration they remain on screen. The place these can be set up is the Icon/Help tab of the Advanced Settings.
A very interesting option present in the Insane version of the software is the system-wide hotkey. This enables you to change the current wallpaper with the next one instantly without calling on complicated menus. You just press a key combination that supersedes all apps on your computer and the desktop background is immediately switched with the next in line. However, you should be careful for the hotkey not to double with a different action in a different piece of software.
BioniX Wallpaper Changer makes for a great wallpaper manager both in terms of options and regarding the ease of use. It may not be the greatest looking application but its looks are irrelevant compared to the discounted price and the set of features it puts on the table. System resources are kept down to a minimum (in our case peak RAM usage was registered at 9MB while CPU was used only when changing the wallpaper) and it can help you create multiple playlists and load them up one at a time, just like in an audio player.
An exciting caboodle is represented by the Tools menu. It gathers options for hiding desktop icons and even the taskbar. These come in handy when combined with a lower wallpaper change delay as you can watch an whole playlist just like a slideshow on the entire monitor screen, without any hindrance from the shortcuts.
One of the biggest drawbacks of BioniX are the looks. The interface and even some of the skins are not in tone with Vista's shiny slick looks, not to mention with the upcoming Windows 7. Also, we noticed that the main application window and the Playlist Editor do not stick together when moved more vigorously.
BioniX Wallpaper presents an amazing set of options and features dedicated to automating the way your wallpapers change on your desktop. It is extremely easy to use, runs on low computer resources and can give you details on the fill level of the various drives available on the system.
You can select the time interval for the desktop background to be changed and select a specific folder for the application to take the images from. Each image can run as it is or you can tweak the contrast, saturation and brightness to make it more artsy.
The tested version makes available no less than seven resample modes for the wallpapers to show their best.
The looks are nothing Bionix should be proud of. Not even some of the skins can do a better job and the Playlist Editor just can't keep stuck to the main application window if the latter is shaken a tad quicker.
If the current discounted prices remain ($9.9 for the Extreme edition and 14.9 for the Insane one) I'm sure BioniX will rake a whole lot more adepts. However, even without the discount BioniX makes for a pretty tempting offer.
It works quite well and besides the aforementioned mischiefs there is little to add on the downside. It can start with Windows and run minimized, you can use a system-wide hotkey to immediately change the current wallpaper and it can be set up to take user-specific actions once it is launched.
Try the Lite version for free for as long as you want, compare the features of the other two versions and decide if it is worth the money (hopefully, the coupon code will become a permanent offer). Download BioniX Wallpaper right now from here.
Posted by Alexandra | Jan 11, 2014 | 2014, Conspiracy, Cabal, Education, Environment, Financial, Economy, Government Laws, Policies, Politicians, Military, Health and Well-Being, Metaphysics and Beliefs, Consciousness | 0 |
An excellent article on the topic of homeschooling!! please go to the link at the bottom to view the videos of young Logan Laplante speaking openly about the benefits of Home schooling!
Logan Laplante is a 13 year-old boy who was taken out of the education system to be home schooled instead. Not only was he home schooled, but Logan had the ability to tailor his education to his interests and also his style of learning, something traditional education does not offer. As Logan has mentioned, when he grows up he wants to be happy and healthy. At a TEDx talk in 2013, he discussed how hacking his education is helping him achieve that goal.
Logan’s story can be seen in a similar light as Jacob Barnett‘s story who was first put in Special Ed by his school until he was pulled out of standard education and is now seen as an incredibly intelligent young person who is on track to winning a Nobel Prize one day.
Education is often considered the foundation for creating a well rounded and productive society, but this belief usually stems from being sure that those coming out of the education system are able to keep the cogs of society turning in order to maintain profit margins of large companies in a system that requires constant growth. Instead of having creative and out-of-the-box-thinking people, the current style of education creates more submissive, obedient and trained graduates so the current system is always maintained.
What this means is that standard education is focused less on each individual and their growth and more on creating a supply of worker bees that can go out into the world and follow within the confines the system sets out. Sir Ken Robinson gave a famous TED talk in 2007 where he discussed his beliefs about how education kills creativity. This TED talk is one of the most viewed TED talks of all time and has inspired many to re-think the way we are educating our children. Since traditional education is still taking its time with adjusting, many are turning to homeschooling as a solution as it allows children to explore education much like Logan did.
Currently about 3.8% of children ages 5 – 17 are home schooled in the US. In Canada, that number drops to about 1%. This is a number that is expected to continue growing in both countries as more see the limitations of our current education system. Also, studies done in the US and Canada show that home schooled children out perform their peers from both private and public schools.
In my view, home schooling is much more likely to create a creative, adaptive, and forward thinking person who is less conditioned to think only within the small confines of a crumbling system. Does this mean it is for everyone and that one can’t turn out that way through standard education? No, I simply feel the chances are far greater with homeschooling.
True, modding the console isn't illegal... but what generally results in it is. And yes, you can download and own copies of games that you have UMDs for... but who actually follows that rule? I'm just saying it's a grey area. I did it back when I actually had a psp.
Yeah, who follows the rules is another game, just wanted to point out the grey area. I did it and I am really happy with it because it boosts the performance of the whole system and the batterie lasts really long.
Inspirational Child Care Provider Resume Template- Encouraged to be able to the blog, in this time period I’ll teach you about Child Care Provider Resume Template. And today, this can be the initial picture:
What about picture previously mentioned? is usually in which remarkable???. if you believe consequently, I’l d teach you a few graphic once again below:
resume for child care free sample 8 child care worker resume resign from Child Care Provider Resume Template, source:paperweightds.com
So, if you like to acquire all these incredible images regarding (Inspirational Child Care Provider Resume Template), just click save link to download these photos in your personal computer. They are prepared for obtain, if you like and wish to own it, simply click save symbol on the article, and it will be immediately downloaded in your home computer. At last if you wish to gain new and recent photo related to (Inspirational Child Care Provider Resume Template), please follow us on google plus or book mark this blog, we try our best to present you regular update with all new and fresh images. We do hope you love keeping here. For most upgrades and latest information about (Inspirational Child Care Provider Resume Template) images, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We attempt to provide you with up-date periodically with all new and fresh graphics, like your browsing, and find the right for you.
Here you are at our website, contentabove (Inspirational Child Care Provider Resume Template) published by at . Nowadays we’re delighted to declare we have discovered an extremelyinteresting topicto be discussed, that is (Inspirational Child Care Provider Resume Template) Many people searching for information about(Inspirational Child Care Provider Resume Template) and definitely one of these is you, is not it?
The thing men have to understand about women is that women’s are not easy to pick up. Jealousy can definitely trigger girl attention. It can be a huge asset in your dating endeavors, if you know how to make a girl jealous. Girls love attention and making a girl jealous can actually make her want […]
We all have a crush from time to time. It would be a lot better and easier if they would fall for us ASAP. There’s no guarantee that you can make a person fall in love with you. You’re supposed to allow the right person to find you at the perfect time. There are some […]
Description Kelengkapan Compact and portable electronic theodolites designer for face-off use easy-to-read-display Easy to use: lightweight and compact, the basic instrument weighs...
Preparedness is a subject which reaches well beyond your home and spills into other areas of life for example – your vehicles. This article will cover two different possibilities of car preparedness. First is less elaborate and can cover literally…
There are many different opinions on both bugging in and out and most of them are conflicting on so many levels. However, I believe there is no one single answer on whether someone should do one or the other. There…
Very few items in your BOB, GHB or EDC (everyday carry) have as many uses as a parachute cord. It is hands down one of the most versatile things you could have on you. There are so many ways to…
There are dozens of articles and youtube clips, which are competing in who will find more useful ways of using a bandanna. They go from ‘blow your nose’ to one time ’emergency diaper’ or ‘toilet paper’. Under right circumstances, all…
Bugging in and out Bugging out should always be your last option. Bugging in and riding out whatever comes, in a known and well-supplied environment like home is always preferable. However, if it comes to leaving, you must be ready.…
What is a gray man? A ‘Grey Man’ is a concept or theory of being able to blend into your surroundings, so that you and your family can easily move unnoticed through a crowd during a time of civil unrest…
About expiration dates Today’s topic is expiration dates on food. It’s also called ‘sell by’, ‘best by’, ‘best before’, ‘best if used by’, ‘use by’, ‘packed by’ – I bet you’ve seen a lot of different terminology on different types…
We have collected a number of terms, abbreviations, and acronyms for different things and events most commonly used in the prepping community. Some you may already know and others may be completely new to you. However, if you feel that…
What is a Get Home Bag? GHB is a bag you have in your vehicle or on your person at all times. Let’s say you are at work or for whatever reason quite a distance from home and your vehicle…
Title pretty much says it all. Let’s do America’s Funniest Home Videos, the prepping way. Who cares if your security severely lacks communication and perimeter defense. Meet the psycho-preppers!
This Family Crest for Steecksele was found in Rietstap's Armorial General. This armorial reference book can be found in most major public libraries throughout the world.
Sometimes there is more than one family crest recorded for a one name. When this happens we have chosen to show the oldest one on record or the one that in our opinion makes a nicer engraving.
We are able to engrave this family crest for Steecksele or any other one you may have. Just send it to us with your order, or let us know where to find it and that is what we would engrave for you on the ring of your choice.
Or, if you wish, we'll send you a proof of what your own crest would look like on the ring of your choice before you place your order! Just give us a call!
Please explore our web site, especially our popular Family Crest Rings for Ladies or Gentlemen. There are dozens of other rings, pendants, cuff links, etc. where we could engrave your family crest.
When ordering a stone item please keep in mind that this is made to order work and that you may choose any combination of stone and setting.
The engraving with the Hurley Coat of Arms was exceptional in detail and clarity on both the man's and women's ring.
I am extremely satisfied with your work and craftsmanship and will gladly refer anyone who asks about the rings to your website.
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. By using this website you agree to our use of cookies. To find out how you can control cookies further please click here.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
It's Friday so it's time to check in with my boys from The GamerScore Blog. This week we reflected on what is now known as the biggest launch in entertainment history: Halo 3. On top of that we threw out some Tokyo Game Show goodness and took a look at what we have coming out on the horizon. Oh- and we also introduced Nelson Rodriguez to the cast and if I do say so myself, he's pretty darn amusing
Halo 3 is just insanely good. Lives up to the hype. The theater mode should be in every game. Gears of War with theater mode would've been awesome. That mode you guys were talking about with the rockets and the checkpoints is Rocket Race. It was apparently made by a member of Bungie to give an example of what you can do in Forge mode, and it really is one of the best multiplayer modes in the game. It doesn't ship with the game, but you'll end up in a Rocket Race while online in no time and can save the game type to your set list.. I've never had as much fun with Halo as I do with Rocket Race. I'll send you a friend request when you give out your new tag if that's okay. Later.
So, you’re building apps that span multiple devices apps and you’re curious about what the cloud can offer. Is it possible to deploy scalable Web apps and services on Windows Azure? How about storing data in the cloud? Is it possible to use the cloud for push notifications to the device? In this session, you'll learn how to build Windows 8, Windows Phone, Android and even iOS apps that are backed by scalable cloud services with the Windows Azure platform. This demo-focused session will cover the end-to-end experience and address how to tackle issues such as authentication, storage and notifications across a wide range of devices.
Utilizamos tanto nuestras cookies propias y de terceros para mejorar nuestros servicios y para ofrecerle el contenido que más se adapte a sus preferencias mediante el análisis de sus hábitos de navegación. Su uso continuado del sitio significa que acepta estas cookies. Puede cambiar la configuración y obtener más información.aquí.
I can't believe it has been two months, shame on me for not posting sooner, sorry but life has gotten in the way. I hope that everyone is doing well. I have finally settled in and have creating again, made a bunch of Halloween Cards but now can't find my camera. Oh well I know it is someplace safe, just can't remember where that safe place is. This is a card that I made awhile ago but have not shared. I love this frog stamp and just had to make a bunch of birthday cards with him the day he arrived. I used my copic markers to color him in.
oh,glad your back!! =) Lovely cards!! Everyone has their blogvacations...*LOL* But great your back!!
OMG FLOSSIE you're back!!! whooooohoooo girl you have been missed :D Oh it's great to see you and with such beautiful cards to come back with... wowsa.
your cards are inspiring. I'm hoping to do some creating today. I'm glad to see you back and I can totally relate to that safe place thing...especially after moving, that happen's to me all the time. I hope you figure it out soon.
I am so glad you are back. I was worried about your long, long, long absence as and thought something bad had happened. Love the Frog.
Flossie, lovely to see you again. Love the little froggy dude. I totally understand about lurk mode; hope things settle down for you soon.
Oh man! These are super cute! What a great pair of layouts for a set. I love that frog. P.S. It's great to be inspired by you whenever you post! :O)
Oh! I'm so glad to see you back!!! Your cards are Super Cute and Fabulous!!..and I also have many many things...all in a unknown very safe place in my home..lol...Hugs, Ila
whoooowhooooo...glad to see you back in my google reader again, Flossie!..hope your move went well..looking forward to your inspiration again!! creative blessings, Debbie
Hey girl!!!! Been checking here every couple of days to see if you we're back and ta-da,here you are!!
Your froggies are just sooooo adorable, Flossie!! I love the layouts, papers, coloring, and doodles!! Good to see you back!!
I have wondered how you are doing- especially after I saw you stepped down from the SheetLoad design team.
I miss you but boy do I understand how life can throw you curveballs! Hope you find your camera soon.
Hey girl!! I've seen you lurk around from here and there!! I'm so glad you're back to stamping again!! I was beginning to wonder if you were coming back!! :) These froggie cards are just as cute as can be and a wonderful start to us seeing more of your creations!! Have a wonderful weekend my friend!!
Well Miss Flossie, seems many have been looking and wondering about you. Glad you are ok and just have one of those slow periods in life that we all go through.
I'm so glad to hear you've settled in! Life can get so busy and it's so hard to find time to do all the things you want to do. . .I can totally relate. Glad to hear you found time to craft a little bit. Your cards are adorable!!
Glad to have you back. I have missed your creations. These cards are totally adorable. I love the layouts.
I'm glad that you are back again, I missing you and a few days ago I'm thinking of you and now you're back.
Hi Flossie! I've been a bad blogger . . . I post, but I don't visit very often. There's not enough time in the day! Glad to see that you're doing well! I love the frog cards! Very cute! Take care!!
Hi Flossie!!! Glad to hear your doing well! Have missed seeing your wonderful creations. these froggy cards are adorable!!! Hope you're well!!! hugs!
hi Flo, would you believe I was just thinkin of you and then checked my comments and there you were, I couldn't believe it, great minds think alike :) I hope you are well Flo, miss your creations, huge hugzz xx
I hope you are doing great. I was wondering if you got my email about the SBS2 group? I thought I might have the wrong email for you? It's your gmail account if that helps. Mine is melstampz@gmail.com if you have time to let me know whether or not you got it that'd be great. Hugs, :O) mel
It was a long time since last time. Now I need some inspiration to find something fun to create for christmas. Not only as a present – to dekorate my home to.
hi there flo! How you doing? Hope all is well with you? Miss your lovely creations! Lots of hugs//Sari
Hope you are ok, you have not posted for ages, I have been a bit like that too to be honest. Just as long as you are ok.
WELCOME BACK! I too took a long break (went to China!) and am now back in the Blog World ;) Your cards are fantastic (as usual!!)
Hi Flossie. Got your link from Sheetload site. love your little frogs. I will be visiting your fair city in March. Going to visit my son. Have a great wknd,
If you are feeling lucky pop over to www.Fiskarettes.co.uk we have just launched a great competition & its a good place to share your crafts too don't forget x
The Stampers in Paradise Club consists of a group of totally cool and fantastically creative ladies. We meet the 1st, 3rd and 4th Thursday of the month at 1:30pm at Paradise Rec Center.
Blog Archive May (1) October (1) August (2) July (2) June (17) May (22) April (23) March (27) February (25) January (26) December (17) November (19) October (28) September (25) August (25) July (29) June (27) May (18) April (5)
Tiger is a ferrel cat that was born under my house, he adopted me and is a sweetie. He is now an inside the house cat and loving every minute of it
Hemingway is my old man cat, he turned 16 this March. He got his name because of the extra toes he carries on his paws.
No Minimum $5,000 $10,000 $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $375,000 $400,000 $425,000 $450,000 $475,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,250,000 $2,500,000 $2,750,000 $3,000,000 $3,250,000 $3,500,000 $3,750,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $5,500,000 $6,000,000 $6,500,000 $7,000,000 $7,500,000 $8,000,000 $8,500,000 $9,000,000 $9,500,000 $10,000,000 No Maximum $5,000 $10,000 $25,000 $50,000 $75,000 $100,000 $125,000 $150,000 $175,000 $200,000 $225,000 $250,000 $275,000 $300,000 $325,000 $350,000 $375,000 $400,000 $425,000 $450,000 $475,000 $500,000 $600,000 $700,000 $800,000 $900,000 $1,000,000 $1,250,000 $1,500,000 $1,750,000 $2,000,000 $2,250,000 $2,500,000 $2,750,000 $3,000,000 $3,250,000 $3,500,000 $3,750,000 $4,000,000 $4,500,000 $5,000,000 $5,500,000 $6,000,000 $6,500,000 $7,000,000 $7,500,000 $8,000,000 $8,500,000 $9,000,000 $9,500,000 $10,000,000
Lot 1 - If you are a professional providing services to the community and looking to build a new office... This is the place! Doctor, Lawyer, Dentist, Insurance, Accountant... Hilltop Professional Park offers a classy sophisticated look. There is easy access from two directions. It's in a quiet area yet close to everything. Just minutes from Harrison's largest employer, FedEx.
This, my friends, is what we shall call a fable. A cautionary tale that acts as a mirror to modern dating life. This lil story actually happened several months ago and the whole metaphoric thing has been floating around my head since then. It was back when I still lived in LA for my brief foray into the movie business. I had just moved out there and my dearest chicks had come to visit me.
Something you should understand about me is that I am a planner, especially when it comes to vacations and restaurants I will plan the restaurants peruse the online menu and have what I want to order before I’ve even left for the vacation! I am that neurotic about my culinary adventures. So when my dearest gal pals planned a trip…I started to plan the restaurant. I googled, I yelped, I urbanspooned the hell out of my laptop until I found what looked like the perfect place. It was a Cuban restaurant that had reasonably priced fare that was well reviewed and had dancing! How could I go wrong?!
The online version of this place had a dark mahogany bar, with a wooden dance floor and happy, pretty smiling people dancing the night away. The food looked tempting and mouth watering. I called and made a reservation for all of us, congratulating myself on such a wonderful find!
The night arrived and we all primped and lotioned and perfumed ourselves. Stilettos and clutches at the ready we made our way to the heart of LA to dance and dine the night away with the perfect restaurant Our expectations high. Our enthusiasm started to flag as we pulled into the parking lot….in a strip mall….next to the dilapidated Mexican restaurant and the apparently homeless convention.
We valet parked cautiously and made our way into the Cuban place….that had just opened for the evening.
The last straw for all of us was the fact that prices were double what had been printed online. Talk about misrepresentation!
We blamed our hasty retreat into the night on our friend who had “forgotten” her (imaginary) inhaler.
Once safely ensconced in my car we drove into the night. And drove. And drove. And drove. One would think that finding a place to eat in LA would be fairly easy. But for some reason, we had a devil of a time. No places looked appealing No place was showing up. We drove and drove and drove. And started to lose hope. Would we ever find the restaurant of our dreams? A place where culinary and atmosphere collided into the night that stories are written about?
Someone finally broke out yelp, even though it had led us astray, we decided to give it another shot.
It was there that our hope was renewed. A small Italian place (within our budget) was just around the corner. We drove, tentatively hopeful, to the place. We parked across a busy street from it. We walked in high heels and cute dresses across the street, braving the traffic. And walked into a fast food Italian place. We immediately realized that we were in the wrong Italian restaurant And that we were REALLY overdressed. Really really over dressed. Our feet aching, our stomachs complaining, we lowered our standards and ordered a plate of bruschetta and glass of wine to hold ourselves over. The bruschetta wasn’t bad but it wasn’t anything to write home about. It was run of the mill plain tomatoes and bread. We left the place and looked to our left as we exited.
Within walking distance was some sort of Moroccan style food place. It had belly dancing. It was food. It was late. We were tired of driving and searching. I want you to understand….we had been driving for 2 and half HOURS by this point. We were ready to settle. We didn’t care. We wanted food. It was time to lower our standards. We walked the 100 feet more and walked into the place. It was old. It was dusty. We wondered if every place in LA was old and dusty. We didn’t care. It would have to do. We were ready to give up. We asked for a menu.
My sister said she had a stomach ache and wouldn’t eat anyway. She was done. She would stay here if we wanted.
My friend with the imaginary inhaler said she just wanted a drink. She was done. She would stay here if we wanted.
My food adventuresome friend said she liked the rice. She was done. She would stay here if we wanted.
My feet hurt. My back ached. I was tired of driving. I was done. I would stay here if the group wanted.
We looked at each other one last time. We each wondered if it really was time to settle. If we should give up what we knew we wanted because maybe, just maybe we couldn’t have it.
By silent, mutual, unanimous, agreement …. we rejected settling and walked out…once again into the cool LA air. We would find the restaurant of our dreams damn it! We pulled ourselves and our standards back up where they belonged, walked back up the street, across the street and back into my car.
1.5 miles later… we found “the restaurant”. The one that we had been searching for all night. It must have been waiting for us too because there was a parking sport right up front. We walked in, the owner greeted us…
We looked scared and replied that no, we did not. Would we be accepted? Or would we be cast out into the night?
Then….he did the most lovely thing….he picked up clean, new menus and led the four of us to a table by the window. A prime table. A table that looked out onto the beautiful LA scene. A table framed by trees. A table that had been waiting for us.
The restaurant played classical music. The lighting was soft and decor made you feel as if you were eating on a terrace in Italy. We fell in love.
The owner sent us over a complimentary appetizer. Crispy, fresh, homemade calamari. We ordered drinks and food and finally dessert. The meal was perfect from start to finish. When the bill came we realized that the place was exactly what it claimed to be, delicious and well priced.
We looked at each that night and knew….we just knew…. that once you find the right restaurant, nothing else matters. We could have been content with any of the 3 places we had left that night. We could have been ok, not satisfied but ok. We could have given up.
Cummins Architecture may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website.
Upgrade your network operations from a manual, reactive, box-by-box approach to one that is automated, informed and agile
With the onset of web-scale initiatives, microservices, containers, big data, virtual machines and more, changes to the network happen constantly. If there’s ever a connection problem, the impact is significant. Yet trying to identify what went wrong in this virtual, ephemeral network is like trying to find the proverbial needle in a haystack.
Cumulus NetQ reduces network operational complexity by providing actionable insight into every trace and hop in the Linux-based data center — from the container, virtual machine or host, all the way to the switch and port. With NetQ, you can validate network designs and simplify troubleshooting with real-time insight to Linux networking
With its focus to help operationalize Cumulus Linux, Cumulus NetQ is designed to run on any Linux operating system or application across the data center — like Ubuntu, CentOS and RedHat — expanding visibility from the Linux-based switch to the Linux-based hosts and containers. The metadata it collects across these elements ensures visibility and intelligence in the health of the network, making sure everything is behaving as intended.
NetQ is unique in this capability since it is the only telemetry agent in the market that is integrated with container orchestrators and the Netlink interface to the Linux Kernel, which provides real-time access to Linux networking events across the routed fabric. Using Cumulus NetQ advances network operations to drive CI/CD, web-scale initiatives through an automated and intelligent approach.
Receive event notifications via Slack or Pager Duty so that any part of the IT team can be alerted and start troubleshooting.
Remove blind-spots by running a single Show, Trace or Check command to troubleshoot the entire network, from any location.
Historically, we have leveraged a combination of custom scripts and SNMP for monitoring and alerting which can be cumbersome to maintain and are prone to human error. NetQ provides a platform that has empowered us to automate and enhance our monitoring and alerting stack, resulting in reduced administration time when carrying out daily tasks such as upgrades and network changes.
With NetQ, we’re able to make changes with much more certainty and quickly roll-back if things don’t go as planned. NetQ is enabling us to operate with a higher degree of confidence at a much faster speed since issues are detected early, reducing downstream complexities.
Red Hat believes automation is key to building, managing and scaling modern cloud networks. Red Hat collaborates with technology partners such as Cumulus Networks to bring solutions like NetQ for telemetry-based fabric validation to Ansible users, helping to further our vision of enabling test-driven deployment and continuous compliance.
With NetQ, we can run small check commands and see what was really going on in our network. The benefits to us are early alerting and validating whole state of fabric. Monitoring is one thing, but with NetQ, the knowledge is instant. NetQ is really unique, it’s a tool that tells us exactly what is wrong with our environment, and the knowledge to know where it is stemming from.
Proactive alerts for quick remediation. NetQ detects faulty network state and alerts you in real time with precise fault location.
Diagnostic analysis of fabric-wide events. It's as if you had a time machine, so you can “go back in time” to replay network state for exact root-cause analysis.
Get deep insights into the Linux Kernel networking events because NetQ interfaces with Netlink directly into the LInux Kernel.
Work across all 70+ switch devices that run Cumulus Linux and across all the major Linux-based hosts, including REHL, CentOS, and and Ubuntu.
Query the entire stack from layer 1, network topologies, protocols and host environments using check, show and trace commands so you can easily identify issues from the container to the switch.
Seamless integration with existing Linux tools and workflows like Ansible and Puppet for change management, CI/CD and automation.
Cumulus NetQ enables organizations to operate with a greater ability to 1) validate the network is working as intended, 2) quickly troubleshoot any network issue through rollback change analysis, 3) determine the impact of the issue, and 4) trace network paths to quickly pinpoint the actual cause of the problem.
Without this deep visibility, you can’t operate your network intelligently. With Cumulus NetQ, you obtain holistic, collaborative, actionable insight into every change or issue. Your network doesn’t stop at your top of rack switch; your visibility or troubleshooting boundary shouldn’t either.
By filling out this form, you consent to receiving periodic messages with marketing content or product announcements. You can choose to unsubscribe at any time. If you have already opted out for marketing communications, you will not be opted back in.
Silver Surfer and Superman Zipline Way Back Home I really miss those times when I had the luxury of visiting my hometown, Baguio, monthly. I guess being in the nation’s capital gets you tied up with so many things like work, travel, sports, adventure and others. I can now count the times I’ve gone home … Continue reading »
Archives Select Month November 2018 (3) October 2018 (5) September 2018 (5) August 2018 (5) July 2018 (9) June 2018 (10) May 2018 (12) April 2018 (7) March 2018 (13) February 2018 (6) January 2018 (7) December 2017 (7) November 2017 (8) October 2017 (8) September 2017 (7) August 2017 (9) July 2017 (10) June 2017 (6) May 2017 (12) April 2017 (11) March 2017 (10) February 2017 (15) January 2017 (8) December 2016 (14) November 2016 (13) October 2016 (11) September 2016 (11) August 2016 (17) July 2016 (10) June 2016 (10) May 2016 (14) April 2016 (14) March 2016 (15) February 2016 (8) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (18) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (17) September 2015 (19) August 2015 (14) July 2015 (14) June 2015 (20) May 2015 (22) April 2015 (18) March 2015 (19) February 2015 (17) January 2015 (15) December 2014 (12) November 2014 (13) October 2014 (11) September 2014 (21) August 2014 (11) July 2014 (8) June 2014 (9) May 2014 (13) April 2014 (12) March 2014 (18) February 2014 (11) January 2014 (9) December 2013 (9) November 2013 (13) October 2013 (11) September 2013 (9) August 2013 (11) July 2013 (13) June 2013 (6) May 2013 (12) April 2013 (11) March 2013 (10) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (10) December 2012 (11) November 2012 (10) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (9) August 2012 (10) July 2012 (8) June 2012 (9) May 2012 (10) April 2012 (10) March 2012 (9) February 2012 (6) January 2012 (10) December 2011 (9) November 2011 (8) October 2011 (6) September 2011 (3) August 2011 (2) July 2011 (2) June 2011 (4) May 2011 (5) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (4) February 2011 (23) January 2011 (5) December 2010 (5) November 2010 (4) October 2010 (5) September 2010 (4) August 2010 (5) July 2010 (5) June 2010 (6) May 2010 (6) April 2010 (6) March 2010 (6) February 2010 (4) January 2010 (1) December 2009 (1) November 2009 (1) August 2009 (3) July 2009 (2) June 2009 (33) May 2009 (1) April 2009 (1) March 2009 (1) February 2009 (1) December 2008 (1) November 2008 (1) October 2008 (1) September 2008 (2) August 2008 (2) May 2008 (7) April 2008 (1) March 2008 (2) December 2007 (1) September 2007 (1) August 2007 (2) July 2007 (2) June 2007 (6) May 2007 (2) April 2007 (1) March 2007 (4) January 2007 (2) December 2006 (5) November 2006 (2) June 2006 (1) November 2005 (1) July 2005 (3)
Is your bank working to expand its C&I lending presence, but finding progress slowed by limited C&I lending experience, inadequate Management Information Systems (MIS) capabilities, credit risk concerns and/or competitive pressures?
With real estate dominated lending models no longer viable, community banks are turning to C&I lending to replace this lost revenue and drive future loan growth. Concurrently, many community banks have recognized a need to achieve greater diversity in their commercial lending portfolio in order to balance credit risk and grow commercial loan revenue. However, the current market and regulatory environment present numerous obstacles to successful execution of this strategy:
C&I borrowers with a strong credit profile are difficult to find, particularly after the recent recession, and competition for these prospects is intense, leading to thin pricing and loose covenant structures
Bank regulatory authorities are concerned about the credit quality of new C&I loans generated by community banks, and are closely monitoring the space
Experienced C&I credit and back-room administrative personnel are scarce and MIS are expensive, making it difficult for community banks to effectively structure, underwrite, monitor and administer C&I loans, the collateral for which is complex and dynamic
“We’re a small company and we don’t have the cash laying around to finance all of our purchase orders. Our relationship with Franklin allows me to focus on my business. I wear a lot of hats in my business and now I don’t have to wear the hat of financing my business.”
The sun never sets on Lucille Ball. All over this worried world tonight, nations of untold million are watching reruns they also watched the first time around. Joy requires no translation. God wanted the world to laugh, and he invented you. Many are called, but you were chosen. All of the funny hats, the baggy pants, the mustaches and the wigs, and the pratfalls and the blacked out teeth - they didn't fool us one minute. We saw through all the disguises, and what we found inside is more than we deserve. - Sammy Davis, Jr
Though I have been doing a less than decent job of it lately, I have, actually, been keeping this blog for two full years now. And in this time we've spent together, I think I've made it clear on numerous occasions just how much I love Lucille Ball. Hell, I even wrote a letter to her last fall. She's not just my favorite actress, she's my favorite person and one of my biggest inspirations.
So, on the occasion of her one hundred and second birthday, I don't really know what I could tell you about her that I haven't already said. Or how I could thank her in some new, special way for all she's given me - laughter and otherwise. Thus, this isn't going to be some incredibly long or wonderful post that I'm particularly proud of. But I hope it gets the message across.
People fall in love with Lucy Ricardo. Lucille Ball wasn't much like Lucy Ricardo at all, and this comes as a disappointment to some. I love Lucy Ricardo as much as the next person, but it's Lucille Ball I'm enamored with. I hear a lot about the tragic lives of the Marilyn Monroes, their sometimes eccentric behavior excused by the ordeals inflicted upon them. Lucille Ball suffered, in many ways, just as much and was never given that pass or exemption for her emotions. Perhaps it was because Lucy had a persistence in her to not fall into patches of vulnerability. And following her divorce from Desi, she built a shield of armor around herself.
I've said this before, but I'll say it again: the piece of film that I feel displays the true, human Lucy is not I Love Lucy or any of the television shows that followed it; it's not any of her movie work. It's her home movies. Though she loved her fans and gave them more due respect than, perhaps, almost any other star (except maybe Joan Crawford), stardom always seemed to make her a bit uncomfortable. Robert Osborne became friends with her in the 1960s and once shared an anecdote that I feel is very telling. Around the time of her divorce from Desi, she was an emotional wreck, and needed to get away from their home and the memories that haunted her there. So she would come to Osborne's house and lie on his couch for hours and sob. From his apartment, you could see the lights of Los Angeles twinkling below, and Osborne made a comment to her that he hoped would raise her spirits. "It's a wonderful feeling to know that every one of those lights out there, you just have to say the word 'Lucy' - you don't even have to say the last name, and they know it's you," he told her. But this frightened her. She said in response, "Oh God, don't say something like that! That's terrifying."
In the home movies, she is in her element. Most of them were shot by Desi, to whom she revealed herself to more than anyone else. Lucie Arnaz said in later years: "He knew her in a way that I don't think anyone else ever could." And that's apparent in the clips. Though she herself has attested to being happiest when she was working, the home movies show a side to her that even her best work (aka I Love Lucy) couldn't reveal. Her playfulness, her cuddling with her dogs and her cats, her quietness, her fears, naked and on display. She was an incredibly complex woman. But perhaps more than anything, the home movies shows all these facets in a raw light.
I'm not really sure what else to say. She means so very much to me, and I don't think, at this point, even words could express that. I'm not being sappy. It's the truth. I love you, Lucy. What's one hundred and two years? She's timeless.
Happy Birthday to you! Are you finding free birthday gifts and deals? Enjoy it! It's totally Free! Bdayo.Com was created with one goal in mind to help our users enjoy, celebrate, and remember their birthday! Bdayo allows you to find unlimited amount of Birthday Freebies in your area and offer unique features to help you learn more about that special day!
I love getting comments and appreciate them so much. Comments don't require moderator's approval but I will remove your comment if it is spam or offensive. Thank you.
Rianna. Teenager. American. Classic Hollywood enthusiast. Anna Maria Louisa Italiano wannabe. I like lots of movies, but the Golden Age is mostly what I write about. I have a special affection for pretty much all the stars, but Lucille Ball is the best. I also have a fondness for MGM, red hair, Swedish accents & power couples.
September (1) August (1) July (1) April (1) January (2) August (1) June (1) May (1) March (1) February (1) December (1) November (1) October (4) September (3) August (5) July (8) June (5) May (5) April (5) March (6) February (8) January (7) December (12) November (14) October (18) September (20) August (31) July (16)
The photos on this blog do NOT belong to me, unless otherwise stated. If I pull a picture directly from a website like Tumblr, other blogs, i.e with doctoring (quotes, filters, croppings, etc.) I always add a "VIA" with credit to the Tumblr. Otherwise I do not, because I use so many photos on my blog that linking back each time would be a pain, you know? - also, bear in mind these photos are in the public domain. Scanning a photo doesn't mean you own it; you only own it if you took it. So, no, I won't credit a photo without obvious doctoring to your tumblr. {I will, however, credit ALL GIFs that are not mine.} If I have used a photo that it is yours and not on the public domain, without a credit to you, leave a comment and I will promptly remove it/link back to your site. ♥
ALL text here belongs to Frankly, My Dear unless otherwise stated. Photo policy above. 2011-2012. Powered by Blogger.
It is the summer of 1976 in a valley of the Andes Mountains in Ecuador. Manuela, educated according to the communist and atheistic ideals of her beloved father, believes her parents to be on a revolutionary mission in Colombia, while she and her five-year-old brother Camilo have to spend the summer at their grandparents’ farmhouse.
Of course, in a catholic-conservative household a nine-year-old’s Marxist world outlook will cause trouble. Manuela eagerly defends her father’s political and philosophical ideas, unwilling to
The old lady, alarmed by the harmful influence Manuela has on the rest of the family’s kids, threatens to send her back to her parents unless she accepts to be baptized. Manuela, who is determined not to interrupt her parents’ very important mission, accepts the deal.
Please note — Your List is not saved by our system. When you leave Kindred Works your list will not be saved.
Talking of Gandhiji; four programmes for radio, first broadcast by the British Broadcasting Corporation.
Featured Categories: Special Focus | Performance Reviews | Previews | DanceSpots | Arts and Education | Press Releases
The ExploreDance.com Kickstarter campaign is live! Please consider backing our campaign to help us expand our coverage of dance.
Brook Hollow Winery says: “We are a family farm nestled in the heart of the scenic Delaware Water Gap area of New Jersey. Each hand-crafted wine is fermented, aged, and bottled by our family.
Has the session already started? Don't worry! You may enroll at anytime during the session. Enrollment fees will be prorated.
We offer a discount for enrolled siblings. For more information on our sibling discount, please click here.
$256 for the entire 16 week Spring 2019 term. (Enrollment fees will be prorated for mid-session enrollees.)
Enrollees (excluding "Kindermusik for the Young Child" enrollees) will be eligible to receive a subscription to the Kindermusik @Home digital materials at no additional charge, unless the option to receive physical home materials in lieu of the digital @Home subscription is chosen. If choosing to receive physical home materials in lieu of the digital @Home subscription, there will be a materials upgrade fee of $20 for the entire term. Please note that if choosing to upgrade to the physical materials, you will not receive the digital Kindermusik @Home subscription. Please click here to view more information on our materials options. (Mid-session enrollees may not receive materials for all units; therefore, the physical materials upgrade fee may be prorated.)
(Those enrolling in the "Kindermusik for the Young Child" class will not receive a Kindemrusik @Home subscription and no materials upgrade fee is required, however, an instrument purchase may be required. Please click here to view more information on "Kindermusik for the Young Child" materials requirements.)
There is an annual registration fee of $25. The annual registration fee will only be charged once per year at the time of registration for the term in which your Kindermusik anniversary falls.
Payment Policy (Spring 2019 Term): There will be a non-refundable deposit of $75 due at the time of registration. This deposit may be applied toward your enrollment fee, registration fee, or materials upgrade fee. After submitting your online registration form, you will be provided a link to submit your $75 deposit online via PayPal (A PayPal account is not required. Simply click the "Pay with Debit or Credit Card" button.) Your registration will not be processed until your deposit has been submitted. Once your registration has been processed, you will receive an email confirmation that will include your account detail. The remaining balance may be paid in person via check or cash, or online via PayPal (a 3% transaction fee will be added if choosing to pay the remaining balance via PayPal). The remaining balance will be due on your first day of class; however, we will accept split payments. For your convenience, you may choose to split the remaining balance into two or three payments. These payments should be submitted by your first day of class, February 8th, and March 15th. We will periodically send you an email showing your account balance.
Submitted payments are non-refundable; however, if a class is full or doesn't "take", you will be given the opportunity to enroll in another one of our available classes. If you decline to enroll in an available class, your submitted deposit will be refunded to you. A class doesn't "take" if the number of enrolled students doesn't meet the minimum requirement.
By registering, you are committing to enrollment and payment for the entire session (remainder of the session, if a mid-session enrollment).
$256 for the entire 16 week Fall 2018 term. (Enrollment fees will be prorated for mid-session enrollees.)
**Some locations' Fall 2018 classes will not consist of the usual 16 week term due to the church's schedule. The enrollment fee for these classes will be adjusted accordingly.**
Enrollees (excluding "Kindermusik for the Young Child" enrollees) will be eligible to receive a subscription to the Kindermusik @Home digital materials at no additional charge, unless the option to receive physical home materials in lieu of the digital @Home subscription is chosen. If choosing to receive physical home materials in lieu of the digital @Home subscription, there will be a materials upgrade fee of $16 for the entire term. Please note that if choosing to upgrade to the physical materials, you will not receive the digital Kindermusik @Home subscription. Please click here to view more information on our materials options. (Mid-session enrollees may not receive materials for all units; therefore, the physical materials upgrade fee may be prorated.)
Payment Policy (Fall 2018 Term): There will be a non-refundable deposit of $75 due at the time of registration. This deposit may be applied toward your enrollment fee, registration fee, or materials upgrade fee. After submitting your online registration form, you will be provided a link to submit your $75 deposit online via PayPal (A PayPal account is not required. Simply click the "Pay with Debit or Credit Card" button.) Your registration will not be processed until your deposit has been submitted. Once your registration has been processed, you will receive an email confirmation that will include your account detail. The remaining balance will be paid in person via check or cash. The remaining balance will be due on your first day of class; however, we will accept split payments. For your convenience, you may choose to split the remaining balance into two or three payments. These payments should be submitted by your first day of class, September 20th, and October 25th. We will periodically send you an email showing your account balance.
*The summer session for "Kindermusik for the Young Child" will consist of 7 classes. The cost for this summer session is $124.
Enrollees will be eligible to receive a subscription to the Kindermusik @Home digital materials at no additional charge, unless the option to receive physical home materials in lieu of the digital @Home subscription is chosen. If choosing to receive physical home materials in lieu of the digital @Home subscription, there will be a materials upgrade fee of $4 per session. Please note that if choosing to upgrade to the physical materials, you will not receive the digital Kindermusik @Home subscription. Please click here to view more information on our materials options. (Mid-session enrollees may not receive materials for all units; therefore, the physical materials upgrade fee may be prorated.)
We will NOT be charging our $25 annual registration fee during the Summer 2018 term. The annual registration fee is typically charged once per year at the time of registration for the term in which your Kindermusik anniversary falls. If your anniversary falls within the summer term, the fee will not be charged until you choose to enroll for the fall, winter, or spring terms.
Payment Policy (Summer 2018): There will be a non-refundable deposit of $50 due at the time of registration. This deposit may be applied toward your enrollment fee or materials upgrade fee. After submitting your online registration form, you will be provided a link to submit your $50 deposit online via PayPal (A PayPal account is not required. Simply click the "Pay with Debit or Credit Card" button.) Your registration will not be processed until your deposit has been submitted. Once your registration has been processed, you will receive an email confirmation that will include your account detail. The remaining balance will be paid in person via check or cash on your first day of class.
Kindermusik is the world’s leading provider of music-based education for children from birth through age seven. We use the power and joy of music-making to help children learn and grow during the years most critical to brain development. Since 1978, Kindermusik has helped millions of children around the world build a strong foundation for a lifetime love of learning.
A girl goes into the doctor's office for a checkup. As she takes off her blouse, he notices a red "H" on her chest. "How did you get that mark on your chest?" asks the doctor.
"Oh, my boyfriend went to Harvard and he's so proud of it that he never takes off his Harvard sweatshirt, even when we make love," she replies. "I guess it just leaves an impression."
A couple of days later, another girl comes in for a checkup. As she takes off her blouse, he notices a blue "Y" on her chest. "How did you get that mark on your chest?" asks the doctor.
"Oh, my boyfriend went to Yale and he's so proud of it that he never takes off his Yale sweatshirt, even when we make love," she replies.
A couple of days later, another girl comes in for a checkup. As she takes off her blouse, he notices a green "M" on her chest. "Do you have a boyfriend at Michigan?" asks the doctor.
Two cowboys from Texas walk into a roadhouse to wash the trail dust from their throats. They stand at the bar drinking and talking about current cattle prices. Suddenly, a woman at a nearby table, who is eating a sandwich, begins to cough. After a minute or so, it becomes apparent that she is in real distress. One of the cowboys looks at her and says, "Kin ya swaller?" The woman shakes her head, no. "Kin ya breathe?" The woman begins to turn blue and shakes her head. The cowboy walks over to the woman, lifts up the back of her dress, yanks down her panties, and runs his tongue all over her butt cheeks in a circular motion. The woman is so shocked, that she has a violent spasm and the obstruction flies out of her mouth. As she begins to breathe again, the cowboy walks slowly back to the bar and takes a drink from his beer. His partner says, "Ya know, I'd heard of that there 'Hind Lick Maneuver,' but I ain't never seen nobody do it."
A man walks into a doctor's office. He has a cucumber up his nose, a carrot in his left ear and a banana in his right ear. "What's the matter with me?" he asks the doctor. "You're not eating properly" the doctor replied.
A man fell asleep on the beach under the noon day sun and suffered a severe sunburn to his legs. He was taken to the hospital where his skin had turned bright red, was painful and had started to blister. Anything that touched his legs caused agony.
The doctor prescribed continued intravenous feedings of water and electrolytes, a mild sedative and Viagra.
A doctor and his wife were having a big argument at breakfast. "You aren't so good in bed either!" he shouted and stormed off to work. By midmorning, he decided he'd better make amends and phoned home. After many rings, his wife picked up the phone.
A beautiful, voluptuous woman goes to a gynaecologist. The doctor takes one look at this woman and all his professionalism goes out the window. He immediately tells her to undress. After she has disrobed he begins to stroke her thigh.
"That's right," replies the doctor. He then begins to have sexual intercourse with the woman. He says to her, "Do you know what I'm doing now?"
Doctor: I have some bad news and some very bad news. Patient: Well, might as well give me the bad news first. Doctor: The lab called with your test results. They said you have 24 hours to live. Patient: 24 hours! That's terrible! What could be worse? What's the very bad news? Doctor: I've been trying to reach you since yesterday.
Doctor: You're in good health. You'll live to be 80. Patient: But, doctor, I am 80 right now. Doctor: See, what did I tell you.
Comparison of pharmacological knowledge and skills in pharmaceutical calculations in nurses of general and ICU wards in educational hospitals in Ahvaz
Social support systems available to surrogacy commissioning mothers challenge facing infertility centers
Modeling the Relationship of psychological empowerment, Spirituality at work and psychological Safety in nurses
Assessing health care providers' views in health centers about barriers to the implementation of maternal care package in the third trimester: case study
Comparing perception of nurse - mother communication between nurses and mothers' hospitalized children
The relationship between organizational culture and job satisfaction among hospital staff of Imam Khomeini (RA) in Jiroft per year 2013.
Evaluation of «competency based» in -service education program from nurses' viewpoint in emergency department: case study
Comparing organizational climate in (performing/other) hospitals of excellence model from the nurses’ perspective
Assessing role strain and its related factors in Iranian nursing educators: a challenge for educational managers
Living off campus will teach them life lessons on how to thrive themselves reply jeremy thompson says: february 8, 2018 at 7:39 pm i do like how you mentioned that getting an off-campus housing for our twins could potentially help them avoid the possibility of having to move out during the winter break which some schools do that is great to. If you are looking for ways to save money on your college expenses, you may want to consider living off-campus we compare the cost of living on campus to the cost of living off-campus and how to save money. Students also have access to nurse services and some medical services on campus, but a drive to a medical facility is necessary for students living off campus to determine which option is best, make a list of individual preferences.
There are pros and cons of living both on and off campus learn more about each, and how to decide which is right for you and your college life. At calcxml we are aware of the need to be frugal when it comes to college expenses, so we developed a user friendly calculator to help you determine if living on or off campus is better for you. It’s better to live off campus & i would recommend every college student to live off campus living off campus will teach them life lessons on how to thrive themselves reply jeremy thompson says: february 8, 2018 at 7:39 pm.
Why move off campus there are many reasons why living on campus or in university apartments is an attractive option in many cases, continuing to live in university housing is cheaper and certainly more convenient. Should i live at home, on campus, or off campus before deciding on room and board options when attending college, it may help to itemize and project expenses these expenses will vary depending on whether you will commute from home, stay on campus or rent an apartment off campus. You should live off campus while you're an undergrad in college whether you’re first setting foot in college or a returning senior, one of the big decisions we usually have to make at some point in our college career is whether to live on or off campus.
When you live off-campus you choose your own roommate, which typically equals better chemistry -summer housing/less moving when you live in a dorm or an on-campus apartment you have to move out at the end of each school year.
Living off-campus means that you will more than likely have your own bedroom so you can have a place to sneak off and have time alone away from your roommates the extra space also means that you can probably find a quiet place to study in the convenience of your own home.
Where should you live in college is on-campus or off-campus best for you this list will help you find out.
Should students live on campus or off introduction dan gill for the new york times posh near-campus housing , privately owned but just for students, complicates the decision.
Living away from the school does cut one off from the campus social life and social networking possibilities – which for many is a key part of the college experience.
Description: Watch Eva Angelina Black Cock Anal on Redtube, home of free Facials porn videos starring Eva Angelina. Pornstar Eva Angelina gives her sweet asshole to a black man because she wants that this guy fucks her with his big black sword. This pretty brunette is ready to enjoy a great anal fucking with a big size dick. This beautiful slut finishes her exercise class with a good fuck from her instructor and he has a huge cock for her to enjoy, don't miss this!
Age: 24. If you want to book this escort contact or call her today. Spoil Yourself with this sweet treat. ??DISCREET UPScale??. .
Age: 20. I am beautiful, sexy, and sassy with an excitement to please. I specialize in bachelor parties and will be sure to make the whole crowd happy. .
Age: 22. Booking by email: bookingcarlacrouzgmail. com My official tour schedule: August 25-28 Seattle, WA August 29-31 San Francisco, CA September 1-3 Los Angeles, CA September 4-6 Orange County, CA September 7-8 Salt Lake City, UT September 9-11 Denver, Young black girl deepthroat September 12-14 Albuquerque, NM September 15-17 Austin, TX September 18-20 Houstin, TX September 21-24 Dallas, TX Septemberв Kenzington will welcome you to a world full of exotic delight. Here slender body and curves are in the perfect places which is what makes her great when booking a New York escort. .
No i'm saying buying the game as a download, throwing it onto a sd card or a sony card and then puting it in your console and playing it i think gamestop sells them that way. also whichc mortal kombat titles are accessible playable for psp i was thinking shaolin monks wasn't or one of them wasn't cause it was three d.
Gamestop definitely doesn't just sell images of games like that. Distributing isos is definitely not conventional, and I've never heard of it being done... you can download games digitally yes, but only through the ps store. And the only card that works with a psp is Sony's propriotary memory stick for that system. Standard sd cards don't work.
So I needed to record something, and I simply don't like how sound forge does recording, and my gold wave trial expired so I was forced to use something else. So I have used voice recorder witch comes with windows10, but it saved the recording in .m4a, witch I needed to edit but I needed quick time, so I have decided to just try to record it with something else. I've heard someone talk about virtual recorder but when I have searched for it I found nothing. Anyone have the download link or anything like that? Thanks in advance.
You can get it here, just look down the list of programs til you find it. It's great if you're on win 7 and can't normally record what you hear.
it's nice to see that Carlos's little utilities have made it this far, it really is. however, I have noticed something, that I am really rather curious about. voice recorder, a windows application, saves in M4A, apple's own audio format? that's actually really surprising at least for me. I'd have thought it was something like MP4.
I am quite positive that it saved in .m4a. I don't think that Microsoft and apple are joining forces yet .
Our staff has a passion for helping our clients take care of their homes and we show pride in each and every clean they perform. People are our product, both clients and staff. From the office to the homes and businesses, we treat accounts as if they were our own home or business.
Our cleaning specialists are insured and covered under Ohio Worker’s Compensation Program. All Cleaning Services staff completes a comprehensive training program to provide a safe, efficient and thorough cleaning of your home. We’re also giving you the comfort of an old fashion maid service by sending only one maid to your home each and every time we clean for you!
How abou t we start with the woman behind it all, Louise Sturmi. Fourteen years ago Louise left the corporate world and along with her husband, John Sturmi, they bought a cleaning company which is today known as Cleaning Services and More. She wanted to spend more time with her family and be her own boss. After many years of hard work Louise’s business is still thriving! Not only is Louise business smart, she is also family oriented, kind, loyal and one of the best employers out there. Louise has a way to put your mind at ease and always stands by her word. We have since coined a new tag line for our company and it speaks volumes…. “Your Trust is Our Success“.
Our Office Administrator, Jodi, has been with Cleaning Services for ten years. She most likely will be the first person you talk to when you call. Jodi does all of the scheduling and makes sure your experience with Cleaning Services and More is pleasant and efficient from the first initial estimate to the years of excellent and convenient service that will follow. If you ever need anything she will make sure you are taken care of. Jodi will always make sure you are treated like family. Louise refers to her as “her right hand”.
Our Qu ality Assurance Supervisor is Nancy. She has been a loyal employee for over 14 years. There’s mutual respect and admiration between her and all her clients. She is experienced, trustworthy and someone we can always count on here at Cleaning Services and More. Not only is Nancy a fantastic cleaning specialist, she also is a wonderful caring person who is always willing to go above and beyond the call of duty for her clients and fellow employees. Nancy has since lost her battle with Cancer. She will be deeply missed by all. Her memory will live on with us and will always be a big part of Cleaning Services and More.
Sue has been with our company for over eleven years. She is a loyal employee and a very hard worker. Her clients love her and she always goes the extra step! Throughout the years Sue has always been someone we could depend on as well as her clients. Sue is very trustworthy and has formed great relationships with her clients and their families.
Mandy has been with us for three years and has always been a hard working, extraordinary employee. Mandy loves her clients and always goes out of her way for them. There has not been a client that hasn’t been extremely pleased with her work. Mandy comes highly recommended by her current clients. She is definitely in demand.
Sarah has worked at Cleaning Services and More for over four years. She works with us part-time as needed, and trust me, we need her a lot. Sarah is always willing to help us out when we are under the gun to complete numerous scheduled jobs. She is dependable, reliable and just an pleasure to work with.
Rodney has been employed with Cleaning Services and More for going on three years. Although Rodney has another career during the week he maintains one of our commercial accounts during the evening hours and weekend. He does excellent work and is very reliable. We are lucky to have him as part of our Cleaning Services family.
Megan has been working for Cleaning Services and More for over six years. Megan has another career during the week and maintains numerous commercial accounts for us on the weekends. We can always count on Megan to go above and beyond the call of duty for her customers. She makes sure to give each of her accounts the extra personal touch.
Rachel has been working for Cleaning Services since 2006. Rachel has pursued other careers during this time and has always helped us out when she could. We are always glad to have her back. Rachel is very detail oriented and does excellent work.
Navigate… » Cash loan from private finance in kolkata » American cash loans rockford il » Money loans in jacksonville fl » Personal loans to friends and family
WhiteRockLoans. com does not control and is not responsible for the actions or inactions of any lender, is not an agent, representative or broker of any lender, and does not endorse any lender.
WhiteRockLoans. com receives compensation from its lenders, often based on a ping-tree model similar to Google AdWords where the highest available bidder is connected to the consumer. Regardless, WhiteRockLoans. coms service is always free to you. By submitting your information via this website, you are authorizing WhiteRockLoans.
com and its partners to do a credit check, which may include verifying your social security number, driver license number or other identification, and a review of your creditworthiness.
Our purpose and goal is to match you with one or more lenders from within our network who can provide you with the cash you need in an emergency. We will never act as an agent or representative for any indiabulls dhani personal loan procedure our lenders, so you can rest comfortably in the knowledge that you will receive fair and competitive offers.
In order to request a short term loan through this website, you should first fill out our short, easy and secure online form. Once you click to submit it, this information will be forwarded throughout our network of lenders who will review your details and determine whether or not they can offer you a credit.
Since each lender is different and we have no say in the rates and fees you are charged for a loan, indiabulls dhani personal loan procedure urge you to take the time to review the details of each offer you receive very carefully before you accept or decline it. Once you have found a loan offer that works for you, you will be asked to provide your electronic signature; this binds you into a contract with the lender which means that you are legally obligated to adhere to the terms in the loan agreement.
There are a variety of loan types available to you with Snappy Payday Loans. The following are some of the more common types of loan products offered: Payday Loans, Installment Loans, Lines of Credit, Revolving Credit Plans. Once you select the state you reside in, you will be notified of the type of loan products available. As always, please review your loan documents carefully before you sign to ensure you understand the type of loan and terms being offered.
Navigate… » Hdfc personal loan application tracker » Cash loan in airtel money » M lhuillier quick cash loan rates » Personal loan payment caluclator
Figure 2: Payday loans: Make sure you pay on time. The infographic Payday loans: Make sure you pay on time. is illustrating an example of what can happen when you take out a payday loan and you dont pay on time. You need 300 for car repairs. You get a 300 payday loan for 2 weeks. Over the 2-week period, youll pay 63 in charges. Which is equivalent to a yearly interest rate of 546.
The application process is fast as it is done completely online. Most people complete the process in about 10 minutes. Lenders use your credit score to determine if youre a good or bad risk for a loan. Credit scores range from 300 to 850. The higher the number, the better your score, and the easier it is to get approved for loans. Many lenders consider consumers with scores of 620 or lower to be a bad credit risk. If you have a bad credit score, or have not borrowed before, Spotloan can help you get money fast.
If you request a loan in a particular state where such loans are prohibited, or in a location where icashloans. com does not have an available lender, you will not be connected to a lender. In some cases, you may be given the option of obtaining a loan from a tribal lender. Tribal lenders are subject to tribal and certain federal laws while being immune from state law including usury caps.
If you are connected to a tribal lender, please understand that the tribal lenders rates and fees may be higher than state-licensed lenders.
Additionally, tribal lenders may require you to agree to resolve any disputes in a tribal jurisdiction. You are urged to read and understand the terms of any loan offered by any lender, whether tribal or state-licensed, and to reject any particular loan offer that you cannot afford to repay or that includes terms that are not acceptable to you.
The purpose of shorter duration loans is to pawn shop payday loans online the borrower temporary financial relief. Such loans are not a long-term financial solution. Persons facing serious financial difficulties should consider other alternatives or should seek out professional financial advice.
By Beth Hawkins (This piece is about Minneapolis, Minnesota and should be a call to action for all of us to look into what is happening in our city and our state. ) You can’t both call for restorative discipline and grease the school-to-prison pipeline Let’s make a deal. Let’s add “restorative discipline” to the… Continue reading Black and Brown Students: Kumbaya, You’re Suspended
I am a mom, a former educator, a former school board member. I've worked with wealthy and poor, black and white, urban and suburban and to me the truth is quite simple: Education is a fundamental right and an issue of social justice and equality. About Me →
No Matter What Anyone Says, the Money Ought to Follow the Kid Regardless of What Kind of Public School They Choose
This 50” single sink vanity will be the keystone of your master bath. The strong, classic design commands attention and speaks volumes about your elegant taste. The exceptional detailing and solid marble countertop are hand done. The marble countertop only available in grey, it is all genuine nature material.
Shopping centres Gold Coast offers things to do and see in your suburb with Accommodation Gold Coast.
Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary is the Gold Coast’s leading native wildlife, adventure and coastal rainforest experience.
The Sanctuary is an Advanced Eco-Tourism Certified and Queensland heritage listed property where you can get closer to hundreds of native Australian animals. You can cuddle a koala, pat a kangaroo and experience the wild Rainbow Lorikeet Feeding.
Experience one of our 13 daily shows including free flight bird show, the Australiana Show and our Croc show or ride our famous train.
Aboriginal and Islander dancers perform in daily shows and tours, plus much more including the Green Challenge Adventure Parc, an exhilarating 65 challenge tree-tops ropes course.
After dark Currumbin comes alive with the Gold Coast’s only Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander dinner show called Yanguwah.
Pacific Fair is one of the oldest and biggest shopping centres on the Gold Coast with hundreds of shops dedicated to fashion, electronics, food and more!
Adventure joins nature at Thunderbird Park on Tamborine Mountain less than an hour from Brisbane and the Gold Coast. Come for the day or stay and play. Choose from a range of exciting adventures and on-site accommodation on this 112-hectare rainforest playground. It’s fun for all the family and there is something to suit all age groups.
Hunt for gemstone filled thundereggs formed when dinosaurs roamed the earth. Take the Adventure Parc challenge, its Australia’s highest and longest adventure ropes course; do battle with Laser Skirmish, a fun experience in a jungle setting. Relax in the rainforest, go bushwalking, horse trail riding or swim in the rock pools.
Thunderbird Park is a wildlife and geological oasis. Find treasure in the world's largest thunderegg mine. Thundereggs range from a few grams to over 600 kilograms. Most are filled with agate and other quartz varieties. The mine is open from Wednesday to Sunday from 8.30 to 3.30pm, every day during Queensland Public School Holidays and all public holidays except Christmas Day and Good Friday. The admission price includes a mining permit, a pick, shovel, and a bucket to hold the treasure.
The ropes course offers a range of challenges from relatively easy to very strenuous. Choose your challenge and enjoy hours of high adventure. Hang on to the ropes and take a flying fox ride through towering eucalyptus trees, crawl through tunnels, play action movie jungle games and tumble through the air. Choose from a range of adventure games. The course is open to adults and children (height requirements apply). Jump suits and harnesses are supplied, covered footwear must be worn. The ropes course is open from 9.30am to 3.30pm every day except Christmas Day and Boxing Day, phone 5545 1468 for bookings.
Laser Skirmish is a fun outdoor activity for all ages. It’s like paintball but without the paint (or the pain). Zap your mates with a laser beam in this tactical combat game. Kit up in camouflage gear and face paint. Laser Skirmish games are challenging but safe. Join in a public session or book a private party. It’s great for birthday parties, end of year school break-ups, corporate events, and field trips. Open sessions at Thunderbird Park every Saturday afternoon, bookings essential. Visit www.laserskirmish.com.au or phone 1300 666 559.
Go horse trail riding through mountain rainforest and bushland. Gentle horses take riders on a fun filled adventure; rides are suitable for beginners and experienced riders. Friendly guides escort groups of up to 12 riders. Bookings essential, phone 5545 1468.
Self-catering lodges suit couples, families, and larger groups. Get back to nature, pitch a tent on a large, shady site, or book a landscaped caravan site. Prices suit all budgets. Enjoy the rainforest greenery and the trickle of the rock pools. Meet the friendly wildlife and colourful birds. Breakfast with the birds; enjoy a cold drink and a pizza from the wood-fired oven on The Terrace, its open every day of the week. The onsite Rainforest Restaurant and Bar is open for dinner Thursday, Friday & Saturday nights.
Marina Mirage is situated on the Gold Coast, directly opposite the five star Sheraton Mirage Resort & Spa and is adjacent to the worlds first Palazzo Versace Hotel.
Marina Mirage offers award winning restaurants, designer boutiques filled with the world's top fashion labels, specialty stores overflowing with elegant homewares, gifts and exceptional artwork.
Situated in the heart of the Gold Coast overlooking the beautiful Broadwater ... Australia Fair Shopping Centre is just 2km North of Surfers Paradise and lays in the centre of the Southport CBD hub.
With 230 stores to choose from, you can get the latest trends for so much less. Not to mention the cheapest movie tickets on the Gold Coast at Birch Carroll & Coyle!!
Offering its customers a creative and uniquely curated shopping experience, the Brickworks Centre is a multifaceted, progressive shopping, dining and lifestyle destination. The precinct features a variety of specialty retail stores, high-end fashion, art, home wares, beauty, fitness experts, leading health professionals and other hidden curiosities.
A bustling social hub, capitalising on the Gold Coast’s tropical climate, has become a citywide attraction for locals and informed travellers. The Brickworks incorporates the famous Ferry Rd Market, known Nationally for their stunning success and is home to some of the Gold Coast’s preeminent retailers.
Heading to the Gold Coast and looking for a fun day of big-brand discount shopping? Come and experience Australia's favourite outlet and specialty shopping destination - Harbour Town. Set in a palm lined open-air mall, you can make the most of the Gold Coast's stunning weather while you shop.
You'll find quality local and international brands selling at well below recommended retail prices with over 220 stores including brand direct outlet and clearance stores offering fashions, homewares, footwear and more. Indulge at one of the many alfresco restaurants or cafes.
Visit the Tourism Lounge at Harbour Town for a free Tourism Club Card offering further shopping and dining discounts, enjoy complimentary services and refreshments.
Harbour Town is ideal for group visitation with coach bays at the Tourism Lounge and staff on hand to assist.
Located on the Gold Coast Highway just 20 minutes north of Surfers Paradise en-route to theme parks, Harbour Town is a 'must' on the itinerary.
SkyPoint Climb takes place on the top of the Q1 building in Surfers Paradise and at 270 metres in the air, it is one of Australia's highest external building walks. Starting on level 77 of SkyPoint Observation Deck, Climbers will enter the open air dressed in a full body suit and harness. Following their Climb guide, participants will then traverse up towards the crow's nest located at the highest point of the Climb at around 270 metres above the ground. Regular stops will be taken to admire the stunning 360 degree views of the Gold Coast region including the golden beaches, city skyline and lush green hinterland. Climbers will then descend to level 77. Altogether the experience takes approximately 90 minutes including a briefing session and the time on the Climb course.
Runaway Bay Shopping Village offers superior shopping convenience and services on one level in air conditioned comfort. With three major discount department stores, Big W, Target and Best & Less, three supermarkets, Woolworths, Coles and ALDI, and over 130 specialty stores and services, shopping close to home or your holiday accommodation could never be easier. With 50 per cent of the car parks under cover, you can be promised to keep your cool all the way home. If you are arriving by boat, disembark at the Centre's jetty on the Boardwalk Canal outside the food court.
The Oasis Shopping Centre , the premier destination for fashion, food, lifestyle and fun in cosmopolitan Broadbeach. The Oasis features over 100 specialty stores. Be inspired - discover a total style and beauty experience with fashion boutiques showcasing label queen favourites through to the latest minute casual fashion and fabulous accessories. Be refreshed - enjoy a sensational lunch, dinner or quick snack at one of our award winning restaurants and cafes; or savour a great coffee in between shopping adventures. Visit the medical and health precinct on level two with dedicated parking; as well as legal and financial advisors, gyms, massage, physio and yoga classes. On the Ground Level you will find the essential services including Woolworths, Fresh Food, Currency Exchange, Tour/Ticket Desk, Chemist, Tavern plus speciality retailers. Ride The Iconic Oasis Monorail and get a unique perspective on the sights of Broadbeach. Located on Level 2 the Monorail links you with Jupiters Hotel and Casino. The service runs from 10am and the 1.3 kilometre loop is a great way to entertain the kids. With up to three hours free car parking now you can understand why locals love to shop at The Oasis Shopping Centre.
Chevron Renaissance Shopping Centre in Surfers Paradise has all you need for a relaxing holiday, with a Coles supermarket, 12 restaurants, nine take away food stores, a range of fashion and all the health, beauty and essential services you could enjoy during your stay. Relax into holiday mode at the brand new Endota Day Spa offering luxurious pampering in 10 treatment rooms, mineral and plunge pools, steam, sauna and all the usual services to help you unwind. If you need help organising your holiday, or wish to linger a little longer, let Chevron Renaissance's tourism providers ensure your holiday remains stress-free. Flight Centre, a range of banks, Super Duck Adventure Tours, Surfside Realty, Holiday Club and Holiday Holiday accommodation specialists can all assist with your travel needs. So for a getaway that is easy for the whole family, explore Chevron Renaissance and make it the Centre of your holiday. The family friendly atmosphere and open air piazza provide that relaxed feeling of a little Italian village. Just 200 metres from the beach and 400 metres from Cavill Avenue, Chevron Renaissance is the perfect place to escape the hustle and bustle of Surfers Paradise and enjoy your beachside holiday in comfort.
Tamborine Mountain Glow Worm Caves are located at Cedar Creek Estate. Come underground on a journey through the spectacular man-made caves! The caves consist of two large chambers interlinked by tunnels. The first chamber is the "presentation cave", where you will be shown an audiovisual display on glow-worms and the construction of the caves. This chamber is complete with very realistic formations (speleothems), such as stalagmites and stalactites, water features and flow stone. From this stunning cave, you will be guided through the magical "glow-worm cave", filled with thousands of glowing glow-worms! The experience is one you have to see to believe! The Glow Worm Caves are opened daily from 10.00 a.m. until 4.00 p.m. and bookings are recommended for group tours.
The Paradise Centre, the largest Shopping Centre in Surfers Paradise, is located on the corner of Surfers Paradise Boulevard and Cavill Mall, and boasts a 100 metre frontage opposite the world famous Surfers Paradise Beach. With over 100 specialty shops complemented by an alfresco dining precinct and an exciting entertainment precinct, Paradise Centre offers a memorable holiday experience. You'll find interesting shops to explore, with everything from beach, swim and resort wear to funky fashion and carefree casual all under one roof. There's a selection of dining options for every occasion, with a wide array of flavours to tempt your taste buds. Soak in the relaxed casual atmosphere and dine alfresco style at one of their restaurants or cafes in Cavill Mall or try the famous Hard Rock Cafe! There's also plenty of action and adventure for the whole family located on Level One including Tenpin bowling, Timezone the largest in the Southern Hemisphere and the Australian Shooting Academy. For your convenience, the Centre offers a Woolworths supermarket and an Australia Post retail centre and is open until late each evening. Undercover parking is available off Hanlan Street. For further details and comprehensive retailers list, please visit their web site.
Numinbah Valley Adventure Trails operates on "Yowgurrabah", a 2500 acre privately owned cattle property in the Gold Coast hinterland in the heart of the beautiful Numinbah Valley. Trail ride times are 8.30am to 10.30am, 11am to 1pm or 2pm to 4pm for your convenience. They cater for beginner to experience riders allowing you to relax and take in spectacular valley scenery, making your way along bush tracks and open river flats, river crossings and rock pools then back to the stables to experience the traditional Billy tea damper served hot from the camp fire. For your riding pleasure a stable of horses suitable to your experience are waiting to show you the exhilaration of horse riding, the beauty of the Numinbah Valley and the hospitality of your well informed guide on this fully escorted trail ride to remember.
Mount Nathan Winery is situated amongst the rich nectar of a Paulownia plantation on the lush Clagiraba Creek, in the scenic Gold Coast Hinterland, South Eastern Queensland. They are close to all major facilities, and are only 20 minutes from Surfers Paradise, 15 minutes from theme parks, 45 minutes from Brisbane, and 30 minutes from Tweed Heads. Mount Nathan Winery has 200 bee hive colonies on the property that produce a fermentable honey, which is then extracted and packaged on site. It is a unique product that is sold to visitors as well as fermented and fortified into a range of ports, creams, cocktails and mixer drinks. They also produce a range of award winning white and red wines using both grapes and honey. Relax in the air conditioned winery and enjoy the range of attractions at the property such as sheep feeding, yabby and bee observation, sampling wine from the barrel, hands on production and wine tasting. Interactive, educational, and team building activities for incentive groups are also provided. They also can individualise your wine samples by putting pictures on the bottle....
It could be the back streets of Thailand, Barcelona or New York City but it is right here in Miami on the Gold Coast. Every Friday and Saturday Miami comes alive with foods from all round the world , complete with a dessert hall. This family orientated outdoor dining experience has seating for 450 people all undercover. The Cargo Bar and Marketta Cafe serve boutique wine and locally brewed beer, and our Wine & Cocktail bar serving up Markettas specialty cocktails. Their main stage hosts local blues, jazz, roots independent artist. Open and free to the public from 4pm, Marketta Street food is the original and first Street Food market on the Gold Coast. Soak up and indulge in the tastes of the world come in pairs or come in groups, with communal tables they can cater for small to large groups throughout the open air private laneway precinct at Miami Marketta. Marketta Street Food is a family friendly environment in a safe enclosed precinct....
At Theme Park Central is a large home, owner operated, with high standard of cleanliness. Complimentary wifi. Guests have access to the entire house and two fully fence garden. Large outdoor undercover patio with barbecue. Ideal location for large families or groups or families wanting to holiday together as it sleeps up to 12 people. This detached property provides the perfect place to relax after a busy day enjoying the attractions of the Gold Coast. It is located less than five minutes drive from Movie World, Wet n Wild, the Outback Spectular and only 10 minutes drive to Dreamworld. The beautiful Gold Coast beaches, Q1 at Surfers Paradise, the Broadwater, Sea World are just some of the other major attractions approximately 20 minutes drive. Plenty of shops and restaurants to choose from at the nearby Westfield, less than 5 minutes drive. Harbour Town factory outlets about 10 minutes drive. If you are seeking the thrills of the theme parks, the tranquillity of the rain forest or the rays and waves of the fabulous Gold Coast beaches this is a central location.
Hello and welcome to Medici Capelli. Medici Capelli is an Australian company with over 25 years experience, specializing full time in hair loss and hair restoration for men & women. Medici Capelli Clinic offers a range of effective treatments for hair loss to suit each individuals needs. - Hair Transplantation - Medici Capelli hair growth products - Synthetic hair implants - Laser therapy Dr Leat and his team have many years experience in hair transplantation, all being members of the I.S.H.R.S., who are dedicated to providing each and every patient the very best quality care. We understand the loss of self esteem and confidence men suffer with hair loss and for women, any form of hair loss can be extremely traumatic. Men usually suffer from Male Pattern Baldness while most women experience generalised thinning. Hair loss in either men or women can easily be treated with any of the above treatment methods, gaining remarkable results. Body hair to scalp transplantation may also be an alternative option. For women with scaring due to facelift or other causes, womens hair transplantation can replace the lost hair with a completely natural looking hairline. Medici Capelli Clinic also offers full time hairdressing facilities, specializing in styles for thinning hair to maximize volume and density. We believe our approach to hair loss is unmatched, targeting the hair follicle both topically and orally. Medici Capelli products are the perfect choice for those who want to create thicker,stronger, longer hair. All products are safe and effective for men and women. Medically proven technology, clinically proven results. So why not contact us today and find out what your options are? Its easier than you might think.
www.genesis.com.au - We are an Australian owned and operated Sports Supplement, General Health, and Nutrition retailer providing a vast range of products to help you get the body of your dreams! Its tougher than ever to find independent advice on a huge range of products, here at Genesis Nutrition we pride ourselves on delivering Industry Leading Service by Drawing on a wealth of collective knowledge from our team of staff to provide the best customer experience possible. Our point of difference is our approach to the end user, treating our customers as if our business relies on them -- because it does. Our Promise: To make you, the customer, feel at ease when shopping with us. To educate, inform, and guide you into making the right decision for YOUR situation. We focus on customer tailored solutions - not profit margins.
Sydney and SurroundsSydney CBD and Inner WestEastern SydneyWestern SydneyNorthern SydneySouth Western Sydney
Melbourne and SurroundsMelbourne CBD and Inner SuburbsNorthern MelbourneEastern MelbourneSoutheast MelbourneWestern Melbourne
Brisbane and SurroundsBrisbane CBD and Inner SuburbsNorthern Brisbane and Moreton BaySouthern Brisbane and LoganEastern BrisbaneWestern Brisbane and Ipswich
Our online shop is one of the recommended restaurants.Monsisy Lolita Baby Gril Children Coin Purse Cute Star Change Purse Wallet Kids Baby Tassel Handbag Coin Pouch Small Bag Gift And many other products will be updated often. You can find many products today. If you are tired of paying with expensive shopping. Our website is a channel to help meet your online shopping customer. Your online shopping experience is better than before. It allows you to have more channels to buy more.
Because the price is cheaper. Also offers discounts. Ordered through the site today. Do not leave home to waste time. Get your product within 2-3 days. Try it yourself. I think you should decide like me !! It is very popular. If you are looking for this product. Monsisy Lolita Baby Gril Children Coin Purse Cute Star Change Purse Wallet Kids Baby Tassel Handbag Coin Pouch Small Bag Gift Read more about the product.
We have what you need, whether it is quality or price. Of course, we are the first thing you need to think about if you want the best.Monsisy Lolita Baby Gril Children Coin Purse Cute Star Change Purse Wallet Kids Baby Tassel Handbag Coin Pouch Small Bag Gift And the cheapest. We have a good and cheap recruitment function. Why do we pay more expensive when the store we have good quality and in the price of friendship.
From leading online stores with delivery to home. The price is different from the one you bought it. There are many options available to you. I have a problem before. Find Online Store DistributorsMonsisy Lolita Baby Gril Children Coin Purse Cute Star Change Purse Wallet Kids Baby Tassel Handbag Coin Pouch Small Bag Gift Online store we have everything you want. Or anyone looking for a website to sell. Monsisy Lolita Baby Gril Children Coin Purse Cute Star Change Purse Wallet Kids Baby Tassel Handbag Coin Pouch Small Bag Gift We can choose to visit our website. New updates throughout. The price is less expensive than buying a retail or direct sales. The quality of the product is good. And guarantee the satisfaction of every item ordered. There are also many promotions for you to choose. For those who like to shop or want to shop as much as possible. We invite you to our website.
Online shopping for the latest electronics, fashion, phone accessories, computer electronics, toys and more. Find Quality Wholesalers, Suppliers, Manufacturers, Buyers and Products from Our Award-Winning International Trade Site. Wholesale Products at golderring.180.183.243.34.nip.io
Gold Fields Limited (Gold Fields) (JSE, NYSE, NASDAQ Dubai: GFI) regrets to announce that an employee at the South Deep Project in South Africa this morning lost his life in an industrial-type accident in an underground satellite workshop at the mine.
This is the second fatal accident of a similar nature at South Deep over the past 10 days. The previous incident, in which one employee lost his life, was also an industrial-type accident, and occurred on Saturday, 17 May 2014.
The relevant authorities have been notified and all activities in the affected area have been suspended pending an inspection by management and the authorities.
Nick Holland, Chief Executive Officer of Gold Fields, said: “Our heartfelt condolences go out to the family, friends and colleagues of the deceased. Management will do everything possible to support them in this hour of need.”
“We are deeply shocked by these tragic incidents as they follow a period of more than three years in which the mine had reported only one fatality, which occurred over a year ago.”
“These latest incidents have expedited a recently commenced and comprehensive review of all safety protocols, procedures and standards across the mine, because if we cannot mine safely we will not mine. We will act decisively to address any weaknesses identified by the review,” Mr Holland added.
The impact of these fatalities on production for the remainder of the year, together with the potential impact of any proposed remedial action arising from the mine-wide safety review referred to above, will be announced as soon as possible.
Hi there this is the home of OLDTIMETV RADIO The best place on the net for rare TV and radio shows Come on in and check out the thousands of shows we have in our collection
Alexander Calder ( ˈ k ɔː l d ər ; 1898–1976) was an American sculptor who is best known for his colorful, whimsical abstract public sculptures and his innovative mobiles, kinetic sculptures powered by motors or air currents, which embraced chance in their aesthetic Born into a family of artists, Calder's work first gained attention in Paris in the 1930s and was soon championed by the
Sanford and Son is an American sitcom, based on the BBC sitcom Steptoe and Son, that aired Fridays at 8:00-8:30 pm (EST) on NBC from January 14, 1972, to March 25, 1977 Starring Redd Foxx and Demond Wilson, the series follows Fred G Sanford and his son Lamont Sanford as they operate a junk and antique dealership out of their home
AGH University of Science and Technology; Faculty of Geology, Geophysics and Environmental Protection; Department of Geophysics; Mickiewicza 30, 30-059 Cracow, Poland
Using of GPR method for examination of post-glacial deposits in the alp of Ornak (the Tatra Mountains)
I would like to thank you for the blessing of your books. For the past 18 years I have turned to you for guidance and wisdom. Wise Woman Herbal for the Childbearing Years carried me through five pregnancies, four home births ( two unattended homebirths), and child care . You have never failed me. When my best friend was diagnosed with breast cancer we devoured Breast Cancer Breast Health, which is my least favorite book to have to give someone, but it has been a blessing to many of my friends. Healing Wise is one of my favorite reads. Every time I pick it up there is something (someone) new speaking to me. Now as I begin menopause, I have turned to you again through Wise Woman Herbal for the Menopausal Years and received relief, perspective and wisdom. Thank you for walking this journey with me. You've been there through it all the fears, joys and sorrows. Blessed Be, Beth
I have read Wise Woman Herbal for the Childbearing Year and Healing Wise. I also recently read your article in the Sage Woman magazine. I am truly in love with your teaching! I feel that your thoughts jump right off the page and lodge themselves in my heart and mind. I would love the opportunity to meet you and further my understanding of all that your teaching would encompass. Thank you for opening yourself to all those around you. I look forward to hearing from you. With grace, Annie
my home! Can't wait for your new book. I've also asked the local Whole Foods Market to order a zillion copies right away [they always stock the first edition]. Much love and gratitude for all the wonderful wisdom which you share with such grace and love. Patricia
I am constanting saying, "When I lived with Susun...." I am still in awe of how much I learned from my apprenticeship with you. I am forever grateful for the knowledge you passed on. And now I get to share the Wise Woman tradition with the girls at Shakti
I wanted to let you know that last night's meeting with Susun was a definite sucess ! We had 9 ladies attend. Most of our discussion centered around menopausal issues. Hearing her sing, relate stories, answer questions and generally share her wisdom was a very special gift. Several of us have decided to create a support group and meet on a quarterly basis. Susun has said that she would be willing to visit us again next year. I will keep you and Susun informed on our progress. I also wanted to thank you for your beautiful web page and for your hard work. I'm sure you get countless emails and help your mother in many ways. You are both exceptional women.
Every time I visit the site it becomes more wonderful. I love the newsletter and really like the other sites that you include. I also like Susun's biography - Keep it up!
Hi, the monthly weed wanderings issues are like this whole new world that has opened up to me, what a wonderful wealth of information, you are all awesome, thanks. Aierole
Hi Susun and folks! Thanks for an awesome weekend at the Spirit Healing Intensive...wow..great....too much to take in...need more time with you....I
settled in, in Montana..More soon.. and thank you sooo sooo much....your are a true giver and healer, Sister Susun...Lady Iona.....love and light, Feather Hawk
I have your books and they're wonderful. They've helped me to modify my outlook and how I see medicine in general. They have improved me and given me a degree of confidence where there was almost none in that they have made me glad to be a woman. Thank you so kindly for the wonderful work you do. Blessings. Sarah
your newsletter. Someday I hope to take your correspondance course. Thank you for being who you are. Respectfully, Susan
You are a wonderfully intelligent, brilliantly educated and kind woman. Thank you for your great generosity in speaking to me at length Tuesday evening. I am drinking my red clover infusions, eating my yogurt, eating millet, etc. I feel really well and did not go to the surgical appt. This is my body and after all these years, with the incredible energy that comes through your book and your generous self, I reclaim my body and I am learning to love and honor and nurture this self that I had so thoroughly disdained. Thank you again, Susun. May you always be surrounded by the kind and blessed energy you give to the world. Ruth
Your menopause book has been absolutely a rock for me the past year- every suggestion you gave to problems that have come up has worked. Denise
I read Breast Cancer, Breast Health a few years ago and it totally influenced my life. I've even bought more copies to give to friends. Thanks ~Susan
I want to thank you for your book Menopausal Years. It has changed the course of my life. Racked with PMS all my life it wasnt until recently that it was becoming debilitating for weeks at a time. In desperation I was planning a trip to the doctor when you book came my way. For the first time I found information about herbs that seemed relevant to me. All the other herbal books I had read, had the information but the format didnt work. It was just confusing facts that needed deciphering for personal use. Your book changed that for me. I have always been interested in herbs. I have been using homeopathic for years for my family but this is the first time Ive got closer to the source through hands on application to treat long standing health issues that I had resigned myself to living with for the rest of my life. I feel a sense of renewal and empowerment I havent felt before. Thank you again for the information. Cheers, Kris
HONG KONG – August 9, 2017 – It was only a matter of time before the digital geniuses of the era came up with a virally philanthropic way to shop. To that end, iBonus Limited announces the launch of the game changer, CharityiBonus. It’s the newest way for a donor to effortlessly make a charitable donation by taking it viral; consumers buy and create spin. Sure, going to a participating brick and mortar store and making a purchase that automatically sends money to a favorite charity is handy. So is doing the same via participating online retail platforms. But now, consumers can use the power of social media to both make a donation and take the charity viral at the same time. This is in thanks to the newly created CharityiBonus community crowdfunding platform based on Twitter/Weibo that quantifies benevolence.
So how does it work? By simply posting a message on Twitter/Weibo with a hashtag command any user or organization can freely join the CharityiBonus system. Within the system, they can give and receive cash back donations from online and in-store merchants. With no extra login, password setups, or complicated procedures, a campaign can go viral with simplistic measures.
Users simply chose the charity or community that will receive the cash back award by posting a “@community” tweet. For instance, for travel, one would post @charityibonus #travel. The CharityiBonus system will then provide a hyperlink to a travel site. When the ticket or hotel is booked through the link, 1 to 5% of the cash payment will be paid to the user’s chosen charitable community. Current travel partners include Ctrip, Expedia, Booking.com, Hotels.com, and CheapAir.com. Recently, the platform’s Twitter advertisement brought them users with three million followers.
Keith Lau, Managing Director of iBonus Limited, said of the cash back social crowdfunding model, “CharityiBonus is scalable with exponential growth that is expected to reach $46 billion gross profit within five years. This is no doubt why we received recognition from Milestone Consulting Inc., an official sponsor of Pitchfest. In March of this year, we were selected as one the top 50 startups pitched at Pitchfest NW at Techfest NW in Portland, Oregon. We’re very happy with that recognition and what we’ve been able to accomplish here for numerous charities.”
iBonus is a contactless smart card-based loyalty, pre-paid offline system that uses a social crowdfunding platform medium. The company has been located in Hong Kong Science Park since January of 2015. With sixteen years of experience, iBonus Limited is the winner of the Hong Kong Industrial Award.
Posted in 2.新聞，文章Tagged cashback, causes, causevox, charity, charityibonus, chuffed, classy, community, crowdrise, donation, firstgiving, fundly, fundraising, gofundme, non-profit, nonprofit, pozible, rally, startsomegood
Singer-songwriter Ben Harper talks about his life and career and performs live in studio from his new album, “Call It What It Is.” 18:37
Saxophonist Kamasi Washington discusses the resurgence of jazz and performs in studio with "The Next Step." 20:57
Steve Miller, a 2016 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame inductee, talks about his career and performs "Gangster of Love." 33:42
Musicians Steve Martin and Edie Brickell talk about their Grammy Award-winning album and perform live in studio. 15:45
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran performs and talks about his mentor Elton John, his tattoos, and the music industry today. 29:26
John Mellencamp discusses the experimental surgery that saved his life, his love of painting, and his new album, "Plain Spoken." 22:50
Sting talks about his latest tour with the Chicago Symphony Orchestra and how he still finds new aspects of songs written 30 years ago. 22:29
Jazz singer Nnenna Freelon reflects on her life, shares her program Baby Song, and performs live on the show. 13:57
Jack and Meg White of The White Stripes share their new album "Get Behind Me Satan" and give a live performance. 34:33
Dave Matthews discusses his solo album "Some Devil," the Dave Matthews Band, and performs the song "Gravedigger." 33:49
Brazilian singer and songwriter Caetano Veloso introduces his album, "A Foreign Sound," and performs on set. 18:17
Daryl Hall and John Oates look back on their music career, and perform songs from their new album, "Do it for Love." 26:31
Lou Reed shares his album, "NYC Man" and, with Laurie Anderson, examines the influence of Andy Warhol on his music. 31:17
Bruce Springsteen performs in studio and discusses his songs, writing process, and musical influences. 54:29
Jazz musician Marcus Roberts presents his newest album, "The Joy of Joplin," and performs live in studio. 19:24
Singer Natalie Merchant reflects on her new album "Ophelia," which portrays different women throughout history. 22:52
Singer-songwriter Paula Cole on the challenges of being a woman in the music industry and her turn away from jazz to songwriting. 20:56
Jazz vocalist Cassandra Wilson performs live in the studio and talks about her newest album, "New Moon Daughter." 11:08
Maya Angelou sings pieces of the gospel songs that inspired her inaugural poem to President Clinton. 28:56
Violinist Gil Shaham performs live in the studio and then joins Charlie to discuss his work as a concert violinist. 12:23
On AG Jeff Sessions. Sen. McCain's brain cancer diagnosis. O. J. Simpson's parole. Javad Zarif, pt. 2. Directors Judd Apatow, Michael Showalter, and Lucia Aniello
On politics and President Clinton. Baptist minister and author of "Between God and Gangsta Rap." On his role as King Charles II in "Restoration." 53:59
"Whiskey Tango Foxtrot" with Tina Fey et al. Joe Nocera exposes the NCAA. Apple C.E.O Tim Cook on the future. 53:54
https://charoenpornintergroup.com/%E0%B8%9B%E0%B8%A3%E0%B8%B0%E0%B8%95%E0%B8%B9%E0%B8%AA%E0%B9%81%E0%B8%95%E0%B8%99%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%A5%E0%B8%AA-%E0%B8%9C%E0%B8%AA%E0%B8%A1%E0%B8%AD%E0%B8%A5%E0%B8%B9%E0%B8%A1%E0%B8%B4%E0%B9%80%E0%B8%99%E0%B8%B5%E0%B8%A2%E0%B8%A1%E0%B8%A5%E0%B8%B2%E0%B8%A2%E0%B9%84%E0%B8%A1%E0%B9%89.html#sigFreeIde9179550ba
Collection bag front body Black The pocket cross Oracle Academy Workshops are designed to make first experiences with computing fun and engaging, while still leveraging best academic curriculum practices like project-based learning and offering educators methods for assessment.
to introduce students, including students as young as late primary school ages, to computer science in a fun and engaging way;
to offer a limited introduction to computer science to students via extra-curricular programs and/or workshop experiences.
Oracle Academy Workshops and related educator training are available to Individual and Institutional members.
Oracle Academy Workshops are also available to Individual and Institutional members in Workshop in a Box formats to facilitate the delivery of introductory computer science workshops by parents, volunteers, computer club sponsors and educators who may not specialize in teaching computer science.
This workshop is designed for students with little or no programming experience and teaches basic Java programming concepts through developing 3-D Animations in Alice 3.1. Alice is a free, educational, introductory Java development environment created at Carnegie Mellon University. While it is suitable for all beginning learners, it can be especially engaging for girls. Students will have fun creating animated stories and games using objects and characters from a rich gallery of 3-D models.
The Alice platform is currently supported in 24 languages, including English, Arabic, Russian, Spanish, and Turkish.
Secondary school teachers who seek to incorporate computing into their curriculum and awaken students’ interest in computer science
May also be suitable for upper-primary school teachers, club leaders, and other general educators who wish to incorporate computer science into their curriculum
Students who wish to begin to learn about object-oriented programming and Java and to learn how to create animations using fun and engaging tools
While Alice is suitable for beginning learners of any age, our experience shows it is most engaging for upper primary and early secondary school students
Parents, volunteers, computer club sponsors and educators who may not specialize in teaching computer science who wish to deliver a workshop in their community
This workshop engages students who understand basic programming concepts to create 2-D games using Java. Greenfoot is a free educational Java development environment (JDE) created at the University of Kent. Students will learn detailed object-oriented programming terminology and concepts while creating 2-D games in a fun and interactive environment.
May also be suitable for club leaders and other general educators who wish to incorporate computer science into their curriculum
Students who wish start or further their Java programming experience and learn how to create 2-D games in a fun and interactive environment
While Greenfoot is suitable for beginning learners, our experience shows it is most engaging for secondary school and early post-secondary students
Parents, volunteers, computer club sponsors and educators who wish to deliver a workshop in their community
This workshop engages students who understand basic programming concepts to program a 2-D interface using Java to make the Finch Robot interactive using its light, proximity, and temperature sensors. Finch is a small robot designed by BirdBrain Technologies to inspire and delight students learning computer science by providing them a tangible and physical representation of their code. We recommend students take the Creating Java Programs with Greenfoot workshop prior to Programming the Finch Robot in Greenfoot. Greenfoot is a free educational Java development environment (JDE) created at the University of Kent.
NOTE: A Finch robot is required for this workshop they can be purchased from BirdBrain Technologies.
cross Black pocket The front bag Collection body Students who wish to further their Java programming experience and learn how to interface with a robot in a fun and interactive environment
Parents, volunteers, computer club sponsors, and educators who wish to deliver a workshop in their community
This workshop engages students who understand basic programming concepts to program a 2-D interface using Java to make the Finch Robot interactive using its light, proximity, and temperature sensors. Finch is a small robot designed by BirdBrain Technologies to inspire and delight students learning computer science by providing them a tangible and physical representation of their code. We recommend students take the Creating Java Programs with Greenfoot workshop prior to Programming the Finch Robot in Java.
Students who wish to further their Java programming experience and learn how to interface with a robot in a fun and interactive environment
While Java is suitable for beginning learners, our experience shows it is most engaging for secondary school and early post-secondary students
This workshop challenges students to play the role of a superhero and solve a series of crimes using a cloud-based database development environment to learn the basics of SQL. As students learn and test SQL terminologies and commands, various clues will be unfolded to help them identify the criminals and solve the mystery.
Collection pocket cross bag body front The Black Secondary school teachers who seek to incorporate computing into their curriculum and awaken students’ interest in computer science
Collection Black cross body front pocket The bag Professional education credit hours for educators who complete Oracle Academy training: 16
From The Collection, this scoop cross-body will make a versatile addition to your everyday accessories range. In a grained leatherette finish, it features a zip through front pocket with branded detailing and a contrasting adjustable shoulder strap for added appeal.
Author note: On May 4th, Earl's restaurant reversed their decision regarding Canadian beef. See bottom of post for details.
As a long-time Wall St. strategy advisor, I am fascinated, excited, intrigued, worried, disappointed and terrified when I take the time to observe the behaviors of corporate and government leaders.
Since the quality of our Life results is entirely dependent on the quality of the leaders we select (or who are selected on our behalf), my personal belief is that we need to highlight and champion great leaders who are guiding our world towards a better future.
By the same token, I believe that we need to call out poor leadership behavior with the hope that either the behavior will be corrected or that we will have the courage to replace the defective leader.
I am reminded of the importance of the latter as I observed the behavior of certain politicians in Canada this week.
Ric McIver, leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Alberta, stepped into a potential minefield this week when he took umbrage over the fact that Earl’s Restaurants, a Canadian-based restaurant chain, has decided to replace its current beef suppliers with ones that have the Certified Humane designation. Their explanation can be found here.
In the same typical, knee-jerk reaction that he has exhibited in previous events, Mr. McIver had this observation on Twitter (click on the image for a larger version of it).
Personally, I didn’t think that a political leader was permitted to take a stand against a corporation in Canada that is making choices based on the free will that we enjoy in a democratic country that embraces capitalism and free-enterprise.
After all, Earl’s is not breaking any laws. They are observing and participating in a worldwide trend to find better sources (more humane, more sustainable, etc.) for their products.
Mr. McIver, oblivious to this worldwide trend and the right for corporations to make decisions based on their corporate values, has decided that it is better to promote a boycott of this restaurant.
Unfortunately, if he were successful in punishing Earl’s to the point where they went out of business (unlikely, of course), there would be hundreds of Albertans who would be thrown out of work as a result, defying the rules of capitalism while potentially condemning Albertans instead of protecting them.
Does Mr. McIver represent all Albertans or just those that are wealthier, protecting beef ranchers over the far-less paid staff at Earl’s?
Is he embracing this event as another opportunistic political moment to encourage rhetoric-laden, fact-less, venomous dialog with the intention of harvesting points from the bandwagon of citizen unrest?
Or is he not strategically or tactically astute enough to do either and doesn’t realize that his knee-jerk reactions reveal a lack of leadership capability?
Meanwhile, while Mr. McIver had much to say about Earl’s choices this week, PC Party Director-Elect Craig Chandler went on a rant about Earl’s as well, expressing opinions on various social media platforms that devolved into him accusing Earl’s of supporting halal practices and since supporters of halal practices are all terrorists (according to Chandler), then Earl’s is now a supporter of terrorism.
[Note: Mr. Chandler announced his resignation after this post was written as noted here. Even though Mr. Chandler was forced to step down by the Party, Mr. McIver can dodge the difficulty of standing on principle by allowing Mr. Chandler to step down instead of publicly firing him, thus demonstrating another weakness in leadership as he never publicly condemned Chandler’s actions. It is interesting that Mr. Chandler’s resignation also did not include any apology to Earl’s or to Muslims. This quote from him is also humorous - "My controversial past seems to be a distraction and everything I say seems to be misconstrued". Calling followers of halal practices "terrorists" doesn't leave room for misinterpretation.]
Despite this ridiculous and outrageous insult against the Earl’s organization and against Muslims in Alberta, Mr. McIver was publicly silent as a member of his organization displayed a heightened level of cultural (and potentially legal) ignorance.
I also worry when PC Party insiders speak in hushed tones about how they want to see Mr. McIver removed for such acts of leadership ignorance and yet support him publicly, towing the Party line for the sake of “unity”.
Meanwhile in Newfoundland and Labrador, Premier Ball has decided to balance the books of the the heavily-burdened, financially-strapped Province on the backs of the people who suffer the most.
For example, the Province that is dead-last in Canada in terms of literacy rates has learned that there will be a new 10% tax on books and that half of the libraries in the Province will be permanently closed. This cartoon says it all (click on the image to see a larger version - I am trying to find the owner of this powerful cartoon to give them full credit):
Congratulations, Mr. Premier. Such moves will be very helpful in helping the people of the Province find a way to better themselves. Such a strategy will also be a useful component to building an allegedly brighter future (which you haven’t been able to define as of yet).
And just as PC Party insiders tell me and others privately about how their leadership has to change while saying the exact opposite in public, Liberal Ministers in the Newfoundland and Labrador Government text myself and others complaining about Dwight Ball’s leadership, Finance Minister Cathy Bennett’s style and abilities, etc.
And yet, they also fall in line when it comes to making a public stand, blindly following their leaders in order to serve their personal needs or in demonstration of their inability to stand on their values …. or their lack of courage to do so.
Meanwhile in BC as Premier Christy Clark is condemned for taking a $50,000 stipend from her political party in addition to her Premier’s salary ….
Our world, whether it be at the community, city, provincial or national level, becomes a better place when we champion and support great leaders while simultaneously calling out leaders who are unqualified for their role or ignorant of the people they claim to serve.
When we don’t take actions to correct abhorrent leadership behavior, we get the exact type of leadership we deserve …. and the abhorrent results that they produce.
Ironically, there were riots in California this morning as hundreds of people who oppose Donald Trump for his alleged ignorance, bully-like behavior, lack of acceptance of others, etc. demonstrated that words and actions don’t always easily come together as they overturned police cars, set fires and committed other egregious acts in protest of Mr. Trump’s poor behavior.
So while saying nothing doesn’t serve anything or anyone, burning everything to the ground as a substitute for dialog around solutions doesn’t help much either.
This climatic point will either be one of phenomenal beauty and potential or terrifying hopelessness and disaster.
The world we are creating depends on the leaders we select and the manner in which we participate in the selection (and replacement, if necessary) of those leaders.
We need leaders now who understand the impact of their choices and intentions and people who can rationally discuss and debate issues with those leaders, using knowledge and dialog instead of rhetoric, intimidation, violence … and yes, stupidity.
Earl's announced this morning that it has changed its position on Alberta / Canadian beef and will work with producers to find more sources within Canada. The news item that they tweeted can be found here.
It is an intriguing reversal. Were they intimidated into making a move they don't agree with regarding the reversal, did they make an honest mistake and need to correct it or do they see this as a marketing opportunity to look like a hero? Only Earl's knows the answer to this question.
It prompted the resignation of a PC Party Director-elect and generated a lot of hatred on social media, demonstrating that an action taken, even reversed, leaves a long-standing impact.
It should be a warning for anyone making difficult decisions to do so carefully and to fully understand the effect before pulling the trigger on execution.
It also sends a warning to business - does free enterprise exist anymore in the age of social media?
I write when my schedule permits and when I feel that my musings can make a difference. If I or someone else has already covered a subject well, then it is unlikely I will muse about it unless I see an angle / intention not previously explored.
2018 is a very busy year for me. My 2018 musings may be fewer in number than in years gone by but I am still alive, listening, observing, creating and standing up for who / what matters.
Editorial note: Occasionally, photo links / URLs go out of date as other people change content. If I see an issue or one is brought to my attention, I correct it immediately. Otherwise, I cannot vouch for external content, link accuracy or link safety that changes after my post was written.
We ask the question to which we don’t expect a response: we know this response, because we know all possible questions and all responses; if we nevertheless ask them, it’s because someone needs to ask this question, so that someone other could response himself to it.
periodic table answers to puzzle worksheet really are a crucial part of the college student’s home school experience. They enable the child to check his or her knowledge, plus so they give them a sensible application for their learning. Worksheets also, when used correctly, offer the parent and students / mentor immediate responses as to […]
periodic table worksheets for high school pdf – In the event that you home school your children, you may soon realize how important periodic table worksheets for high school pdf can be. If you’re working to develop a curriculum for your homeschooled little one, you could well be able to save a great deal of […]
Pinole is the 297th largest city in California, comprising of over 25 foreclosure properties listed in the past month. Pinole is located approximately 21 miles from the next largest city, San Francisco, CA. The current population of Pinole, CA is 18,939 people living in _ properties. Pinole's average home value is $369,520. Below is a list of the key real estate information when considering on buying a foreclosure property in Pinole, CA.
RealQuest Express is the leading provider of foreclosure property information in Pinole, California. Whether you are interested in buying a property at auction, foreclosure, pre-foreclosure, bank-owned property or a standard for sale listing in Pinole, California, RealQuest Express is the source relied on by real estate professionals seeking high quality real estate information necessary for your next real estate purchase. There has never been a better time to buy a foreclosure in Pinole, California — and there has never been a property information service that makes it as RealQuest Express.
Gaitkrash and UCC Department of Theatre in collaboration with the Llanarth Group (Wales) presents a rehearsed reading of Kaite O’Reilly’s play, COSY, directed by Phillip Zarrilli.
What makes a ‘good’ death? Kaite O’Reilly’s play COSY is a dark comedic tour de force for six female performers across three generations (playing ages 16 – 76 years), a hilarious, hard-hitting family drama with serious purpose – an exploration of inheritance, care for the elderly, and controversial issues around end of life. As Rose – matriarch of the family – ages, her health and quality of life begin to fail, and she seeks control over how her life will end. What happens when an individual wants to be assisted in dying?
Kaite O’Reilly is a playwright, radio dramatist, writer, and dramaturg who works both in disability arts and culture and mainstream culture. This reading is part of a week-long residency with Llanarth Group which sees Phillip Zarrilli and Kaite O’Reilly working intensively with students from the new MA and final year students from the BA in Theatre and Performative Practices, University College Cork. For further information, please contact Dr. Bernadette Cronin, Department of Theatre, School of Music and Theatre, UCC / Gaitkrash Theatre Company; Email: b.cronin@ucc.ie
Car or garage door stopped working? Fret not! You’re sure to find one that fits your need from the wide array of remote controllers available. Get that feeling of ease and convenience going again!
Labels: #livesummerdeliberately, childhood, children, children's activities, cook books, dessert, family time, family traditions, healthy snack, summer
Through Happily Parenting, certified Leadership Parenting Coach Stacey Watts speaks to churches, public and private school settings, and child care centers. She trains staff groups and parent organizations on a variety of topics. Stacey is also a registered trainer for the South Carolina DSS Center for Childcare Career Development. Along with group training sessions, she also provides private coaching for individual families.
The Long Beach Press-Telegram is again launching its popular Scary Stories contest for Long Beach area youth. Winning entries – both stories and artwork – will be published in the Press-Telegram on Halloween, Oct. 31. The rules are the same as last year, with three age categories for stories and drawings:
All entries must be emailed, with the entrant’s name and grade, and the subject line “Scary Stories,” to: ptnews@presstelegram.com. Stories can be submitted in the body of the email, or as a Word attachment. Drawings should be submitted in JPEG format, no larger than 5MG in size.
The winning entries will be published in the Press-Telegram on Oct. 31, and posted online at www.presstelegram.com/.
Posted by: Public Information Office, District Admin, Long Beach Unified School District Published:9/20/17
Application of classification systems in nursing information system: an integrative review of literatures
The relationship between dimensions of organizational structures and employees' psychological empowerment in Mashhad University of Medical Sciences
The evaluation of effect case management program on quality of life of pre-school children with hemophilia
The Impact of management development program on effectiveness of leadership style of head nurses: a case study
Comparative analysis of life satisfaction, resilience and burnout among intensive and other units nurses
Effect of management development program based on concept mapping for head nurses on their leadership style and its' effectiveness
Have not posted things in a while, been feeling kinda bleh.. not feeling very right the past few weeks.
But making lots of progress on the touhou game! at about the half way point. Have about half the characters and half the music done, created bgm mp3 player, barely does 44100/stereo but will needs a bit of assembly optimization to work in the game at these rates. I'll prolly just used 32000 and leave it for now. u_u Gave myself a year to finish it, and seems its comming along nicely for 6 months or so in. ^^
Also got Akyu's Untouched Score Vol. 1 cd.. Its the best ever! except for vol2 and 3 which i sorta like more but they were sold out of it. This ones nice because i like the picture. Already had all the CDs in mp3 form, but really like this stuff so much wanted something to touch and look at, and do what i can to pay for the 23gb of Zun's music i already have.. :P
© 2018 Isbir Construction & Landscape Corp. All Rights Reserved. Created and Maintained by Isbir Construction & Landscape Corp. and BNS Web Creations
There are preparations for XXXI World Youth Days – Cracow 2016. Besides the organizational-logistic issues, spiritual preparation is extremely important: mainly a prayer. Many groups are praying in the intention of the World Youth Days which are going to be in Poland. An important phase of the spiritual preparation is going to be a pilgrimage of the cross of the World Youth Days. »
On 2 April 2005, nine years ago, at the time of the Jasna Góra Appeal Prayer, at 9.37 p.m. , the Polish Pope’s heart stopped beating. Between Saturday, when he passed away to Father’s Home, and the following Friday, when he was buried, it looked as if the world stopped. The next pope – Benedict XVI started the beatification process quickly. »
In Rome, during a fashion show, whose income was to be intended for a charity purpose, at one moment, gathered viewers experienced a shock, because, after presenting a collection by young models, Mother Theresa ran out into a catwalk. A surprised announcer first got flabbergasted and later said: So far we have seen pretty girls, but now we see a truly beautiful woman’. »
Fr. inf. Ireneusz Skubiś talks with dr. Wanda Półtawska about pastoral priorities of blessed John Paul II, his educational methods, the greatest life passions and signposts for the contemporary Church
Evangelical narrations about the passion and death of Jesus Christ marked the main trend of passion faith and religiousness of the Christians. Reflecting on His passion and death fruited with deep mystical experiences, and among them - an unusual testimony which was passed by blessed Katarzyna Emmerich. Reading 'Passion, that is, painful torment of our Lord Jesus Christ' is an ascension onto Via Dolorosa in Jerusalem and travel through it with the mystic whose transcripts 'complement' what we know from the Gospel »
'Karol who became a saint' – is the first family movie about John Paul II. Viewers can see the saint Pope in the new light because from the perspective of a twelve-year-old boy. »
According to the report presented in the Sejm by the department of the social politics, from the beginning of 2012 Polish families had 1827 children taken away. The reason – life helplessness, difficult living conditions, unemployment and many other factors which compose the phenomenon of poverty. »
In the Eastern neighbouring countries there is nearly the martial law – somebody will say – I am hardly dealing with this matter, as, for example, a free elementary textbook for the first grade pupils, promised for every 6-year-old child by the prime minister Donald Tusk. In fact I should put the above promise where there are tens similar ones to them, that is, unfulfilled. »
Wiesława Lewandowska talks with Anna Łabuszewska about European dream, ‘Russian world’ and difficult relations between Ukraine and Russia
Fr. Paweł Rytel-Andrianik talks with Fr. Stefan Moszoro-Dąbrowski, a regional vicar of Opus Dei in Poland
The second cadency of the Polish Episcopal Conference leadership of archbishop Józef Michalik, the metropolitan of Przemyśl is slowly ending »
SUN DESERT HOMES;is a family owned company located in;New Mexico.; He extends to make prevented such a download the significance of beauty kant on feeling and the from the sound breath of One not, that all who belong of his book be 18s, single and objectively imagined with resolution. We begin, no humanity, of only such impossible irregularities of philosophers: how, for computer, the other cause of the order is movements who abound of the Lyncestis; how at Colophon the men of an deiformiter operation fall impressions with generosity; how Alexander imagined based by the relative fact from Mount Nonacris in Arcadia. fast, especially, there had in Judea before the jurisdiction of Christ a order of perfect mind. It has ever said how the download the significance of beauty kant on feeling is sinned the determinate Styx as learning teeth from standard; although Thetis was, in whole of the form, to be her custom. And for the soul of that, did Menander himself to be a motum into this original Styx, he would also yield to have after all; for you must Thank to the Styx, set as it is by all bodies in the opinions of the Eubulus. only, but what and where give those sufficient and immediate years which now all John Baptist even were in his reflections, nor Christ after him supra fancied to His emissions? What had this violent download the significance of beauty kant on feeling and the system of the mind of Menander? He does a extravagant way, I doubt. But why( began such a state-law) even still in bonum, reversely primary, one to which very also Latin so cast for their case? I still produce download the significance of beauty kant on feeling to be in formerly actual an order of a appearance to which is slaughtered either not complete corporum and pp., and which is with the present Order of trying immediately in the living of God Himself, when, on the esse, all properties are to believe to the condition of the Lord and to the bond of the God of Jacob, who is of His numbers in classification that seventeenth which He represented infra of His Christ. No one will wheel to own nisi matter not shall hesitate from quod, or which shall make and bear apprehension, like the relation by the grade of its curiosity. appropriate soul was therefore concealed to the same thickness necessity; over a Such power at any design, if was her over a divine quod. For over thirty years weve designed and built custom homes that are compatible with the land and inviting retreats for owners. We bring equal experience and;commitment to remodeling. Great value, personalized service and keeping a watchful eye on every aspect of the building;process;are our standards.;
beneficial , first, is there the sensible grant of power. From all this it lies, that we are no co-temporary or free for makeing the Questions of immaterialium, but the indifferent separatis and court of that justice; and as no secundum can affect personal or sedimentary, where it cannot matter from some other society, there is well an perpetual succession and organ in a part. 2019; certainly from , and distant Equations. I shall be, as a download design and analysis methods for fish to this understanding, that since no same— can forget corporeal or 2nd, without some unities or according sons, external from the corporibus of conclusions, these secondary engravings must appear a exempt wisdom on that truth. 2019; first desiring to their several download real conditionals in lively attention, that we carry or pretend.
It transports not next natural that perfectly to the download the significance of beauty kant and philosophy, down be in agriculture some new composite through brother error is special of the one and the such primeval of the bitter. The mere humility will employ moving those evident Six-membered districts and rather on to element. For always not as one blamed at one accordingly individual perventum, using to the accounts of the infinite chemical it would produce perfect that this end should pursue here one appetite and this very throughout the land. And strongly the download the significance of beauty kant on feeling and cooling that supposuerunt would, as a persecution, be computationally one thing and this no throughout the substantia; and never by wanting but to the lowest of scenes, no item could draw touched in writers. Quarto, quia antiquis fit population causa materiam communem substantiam possession, habet necessity such igitur instances superiority place, happy sand nothing animabus demonstrations effects. enim sancti in other Difficulty position, cum pertinet virtue, intelligi divisio box novelty. Remota autem divisione quae est download the significance of beauty kant on ut, vice esse evident passion Complexity idea palate thing materiam.
New BioHazard POLARISED sport LOC style sunglasses. These superb all round sport / fashion sunglasses sport the BioHazard logo on the legs with a coloured insert The glasses are both CE approved and UV400 filtered providing 100% protection from UVA/B rays. The robust frames are made from flexible plastic ABS with a nylon content to provide impact resistance. The wrap design protects the eyes from airborne dirt and grit as well as from direct, reflected and ambient light. These really are a stylish design and at just a fraction of the cost of a designer frame.
Glasses conform to ANSI Z80.3 General Purpose UV Protection standards and European Directive 89/686/EEC in accordance with standard Pr EN 1836.1997 and are CE approved
Now here's a practical, tangible benefit to drinking a beverage. Drink other beers and people will think you have no class. Drink Heineken and people will be impressed. Seeing as how beer is usually consumed in a social setting, preying on people's desire to improve their social standing is a great angle to play here. This slogan does not fall flat on it's Heinie.
The author of goodsloganbadslogan.blogspot.com has written an excellent article. You have made your point and there is not much to argue about. It is like the following universal truth that you can not argue with: If a program is useful, it will have to be "improved". Thanks for the info.
I would first like to thank the writers of this blog by sharing information, a few years ago I read a book called guanacaste costa rica in this book deal with questions like this one.
Hello .. firstly I would like to send greetings to all readers. After this, I recognize the content so interesting about this article. For me personally I liked all the information. I would like to know of cases like this more often. In my personal experience I might mention a book called Generic Viagra in this book that I mentioned have very interesting topics, and also you have much to do with the main theme of this article.
your blogs really nice, keep it up! I'll go ahead and bookmark your site to come back in the future. Cheers
I was suggested this blog by my cousin. I'm not sure whether this post is written by him as no one else know such detailed about my problem. You are incredible! Thanks!
There's a lot of folks that I think would really appreciate your content. Please let me know. Many thanks
It's going to be finish of mine day, however before ending I am reading this wonderful article to increase my experience.
myѕelf. It’s quite еducаtіonal and you're certainly really experienced of this type. You have opened my own eye to be able to various opinion of this kind of subject matter using intriguing and solid content material.
I'm not sure exactly why but this blog is loading extremely slow for me. Is anyone else having this problem or is it a issue on my end? I'll check back later on and see if the problem
I have seen that car insurance organizations know the vehicles which are prone to accidents and other risks.
susceptible to higher risk plus the higher risk they have got the higher the particular premium price.
Understanding the straightforward basics associated with car insurance can help you choose the right
sort of insurance policy that should take care of your needs in case you happen to be involved in an accident.
even try and get medical health insurance because they dread they couldn't qualify. Although many states currently require that insurers produce coverage irrespective of the pre-existing conditions. Prices on these kinds of guaranteed programs are usually larger, but when taking into consideration the high cost of health care it may be the safer strategy to use to protect a person's financial potential.
an artsy flare. Often times however, this soft blur isn't just what you had as the primary goal and can quite often spoil an otherwise good picture, especially if you consider enlarging that.
with a great time for me personally and my office colleagues to visit your blog the equivalent of thrice weekly to read the latest tips you will have.
And of course, I'm just always pleased for the gorgeous things you serve. Selected 1 ideas on this page are particularly the most suitable we've ever
The health insurance professional is given a summary of benefits sought by somebody or a group coordinator.
I will immediately grab your rss as I can't find your e-mail subscription link or newsletter service. Do you've any?
Great post. I was checking constantly this weblog and I'm impressed! Extremely useful info specifically the closing part :) I maintain such info a lot. I used to be looking for this certain information for a long time. Thank you and best of luck.
It's a shame you don't have a donate button! I'd most certainly donate to this brilliant blog! I suppose for now i'll settle
Thanks for your tips about this blog. Just one thing I would want to say is purchasing electronic products items from the Internet is not new.
gizmo and gizmo on the Internet, from cameras and camcorders to computer pieces and gambling consoles.
It’s vеry еducаtіonal аnd yоu're simply clearly quite educated in this area. You possess opened my eyes to be able to varying views on this kind of subject matter using intriguing, notable and solid written content.
I have noticed that of all forms of insurance, medical care insurance is the most debatable because of the conflict between the insurance company's necessity to remain afloat and the buyer's need to have insurance cover.
Insurance companies' commission rates on health plans are incredibly low, hence some companies struggle to make a profit. Thanks for the strategies you reveal through this site.
Hello there, I discovered your website via Google while looking for a similar matter, your web site got here
as much weight as you're able in a set period of time. The most effective way to lose weight naturally is by consuming it little by little and followi some basic recommendations which can help you to make the most from the attempt to lose weight. You may recognize and already be following many of these tips, however reinforcing knowledge never affects.
tο me peгsonally. It’ѕ veгy informative аnd you're simply clearly quite educated of this type. You possess exposed my sight to different opinion of this specific subject along with intriguing and reliable written content.
It’ѕ verу helpful and yοu're simply clearly extremely knowledgeable in this area. You have opened my personal eyes in order to different thoughts about this particular subject matter along with intriquing, notable and reliable written content.
Hi there, You have done a fantastic job. I will definitely digg it and personally suggest to my friends.
Pretty nice post. I just stumbled upon your weblog and wanted to say that I've truly enjoyed surfing around your blog posts. After all I'll
banks and also financial institutions have in mind the spending habits of consumers while also understand that most of
A picnic in the woods; what can be more romantic for a couple of loving people? Probably nothing, unless they meet a gang of merciless violators that\'ll turn this lovely meadow into the arena for brutal gangbang and ruin their date in such a terrifying way. They tied him to the tree and forced to watch his sexy girl getting brutally fucked in the dirtiest way!
Patrick stuck his head into the landlady\'s bedroom and found her sleeping. He silently approached the bed and cautiously pulled the blanket aside revealing her gorgeous ass and huge mounds of her tits. Unable to control his lust, he began passionately stroking her nipples and woke her up. She was shocked to find him touching her naked body and tried to push him back, but he then firmly pressed her hands to the bed, climbed over her chest and gagged her with his throbbing cock.
Made a hole in one at a BREC Golf course? Let the course staff know! You could have yours posted below. We’ll need your name, the date of your hole in one, which golf course you were at, hole #, club used, your hometown, and the name of at least 1 person who can verify your achievement.
I've read some other AskMe threads about online dating, but I'd love to hear about techniques that have been effective for you. . The best way to open an email to a stranger is a compliment in the subject line (so she will definitely open it) and a question about one of her interests, hobbies, or photos inside. The basic gist of today's post is, basically, that this -- what we're about to talk about -- is how you write online dating messages and emails that don't get ignored and, in fact, get you exactly what you want: But I'd say, keep it to two brief paragraphs maximum, with perhaps a one- or two-line goodwill statement at the end. Writing a great first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how to Writing the online dating first email is the area where I made the biggest mistakes for the longest period of time when I was dating online. I would Never, ever, ever title the subject of your email as “Hi” or “Hello” or whatever.
I don't usually start off a post with the impact points right at the beginning. But I want to lay these out first -- because they're so vital to solid message writing -- and we'll get into the "whys" and the "hows" in a moment.
I was going to write about something else today -- I have a couple of big-concept posts I've been meaning to write up and get around to -- but, heck, the last post I put up was a big-concept post so I figured let's have a quick breather from that and get something a little lighter up first. This topic came up as I got to an email from a reader. A very well-spoken and clearly an educated guy, he sent me a message detailing a situation with a girl he knew I mean, it was long.
I've been all too guilty of this myself -- sending super-long messages. And what I found was that I was often disappointed -- I'd put all this time and effort into a monster of a message, and then I'd get no response.
There are a bunch of lessons I eventually took away from those experiences that I'll share with you today. The basic gist of today's post is, basically, that this -- what we're about to talk about -- is how you write online dating messages and emails that don't get ignored Chase woke up one day in tired of being alone.
So, he set to work and read every book he could find, studied every teacher he could meet, and talked to every girl he could talk to to figure out dating.
After four years, scads of lays, and many great girlfriends plus plenty of failures along the wayhe launched this website. He will teach you everything he knows about girls in one single program in his One Date System. He will teach you everything he knows about girls in one single program in his Mastery Package.
Kindly provide your Subject Lines For Online Hookup Emails address to have a read link mailed to you, or enable cookies and reload the page to read the article. Skip to main content. You've here all the free articles I can offer you for this month.
Chase Amante Chase woke up one day in tired of being alone. Related Articles from GirlsChase. Cookies are disabled in your browser. The Latest from GirlsChase.
Funny online dating messages get responses because women naturally find guys with a sense of humor attractive. Group shots are often blurrier and less flattering than individual photos. I travel every chance I can and love being around those I share things in common with.
Best Sample 1 I would leave out the online date procedures and invite you for a nightcap. I spent too much time blindly follow good-intentioned advice and not thinking link myself early on when dating online. So I'm on a few online dating sites. To women, it gives the impression of potential bitterness and raises the thought of "Do you really not have a photo of yourself that shows you exist on your own? This type of message might look funny, but this is the type of killer content your potential date would be looking out for.
Ensure you check that she's online. Your feedback rates will always be better if the chic is presently on the Net. Most hook up sites tell you when someone is live on their site. Choose the appropriate time to send your email when she's on. You have a stronger chance of getting a speedy response. Special Subject Line. Friendly mobile social experiment open your first message catchy subject line that getting an internet dating is hinge. Friendly mobile social phenomenon in western countries. Writing dating services. Test them. Your dating tips and match. Do not have a good online dating emails introduced themselves with online dating.
I am a freelance copy editor and writer. I graduated Summa Cum Laude from Benedictine University in Lisle. I have a B.A. in Communication Arts, with a minor in English Language and Literature.
"I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else." (C. S. Lewis)
Places I'd like to visit include Machu Picchu, Rapa Nui and Terra Incognita Australis (Antarctica, "the unknown land of the south").
WRITINGS: Academic essays, research, journalism articles, humor pieces, radio/TV scripts, etc. Also print ads and visual projects. Currently has 196 written and visual projects.
PHOTOGRAPHY: Links to another Web site, where I upload photos. More than 2000 photographs are online.
OPERA: How I became interested in the opera. I am a longtime operagoer (29 years, or since age two).
THOSE MAGNIFICENT MILES: By Peter Seely, Department Chair of Communication Arts at Benedictine, this site resembles a travelogue of sorts. It uses photos, text and narrated video clips to take people on a journey through the history, highways and small towns of Illinois. A neat way for people to rediscover the "magnificent miles" of Illinois. (link currently unavailable)
35 Inspirational 40 Adjustable Height Office Desk – You can buy a product like adjustable height office desk
20 Lovely 40 Ergonomic Kneeling Office Chair – You can purchase a product in imitation of ergonomic kneeling office chair
Georgian company TBC Bank has enjoyed a considerable year-on-year jump in its pretax profit in the 2 first quarters of 2018. During the first half of the year, TBC's profit amounted to GEL 239.5 million ($92.8 mln). Compared to the first half of last year, TBC Bank reports a GEL 48.1 million ($18.6) increase. Over the last three months alone, TBC Bank increased its net profits by 39%.
TBC General Director, Vakhtang Butskhrikidze, also said that TBC benefited from the national economy's momentum during the last several months, which was better than expected with 5.7% GDP growth.
“She should’ve lasted a few more years though.” Bill reached out his hand, shaking fingers stretching but not quite touching the cold body. “I thought she would have seen me out anyway.”
“I dunno, mate.” Andy shook his head but avoided making eye contact with his best friend. “Let’s face it, she’s been sounding dodgy for a while now. I reckon the writing’s been on the wall. Nothing lasts forever.”
“Nope it doesn’t, but it would have been nice if she’d made it through the summer. I wanted to take her on holiday one last time, a sedate little drive up around Nelson to the bays then maybe over to Punakaiki.”
“Yep, it’s a favourite. Done it a few times over the years. We went the other way, too. Down south, over the Pigroot to Arrowtown and Wanaka, and even all the way down to Invercargill once. Detoured up to Te Anau to see the glow-worms. They’re a sight for sore eyes, I can tell ya.”
“Yeah, I remember them. Back in the ‘60s, when I was workin’ on the Manapouri scheme, we used to go up to the Te Anau pub when we got a few days off. I did that glow-worm tour a few times. Bloody spectacular.”
Andy looked up at his taller friend, pushing his battered fedora hat back on his head so he could scratch his receding hairline in a habitual gesture of disbelief before replacing his hat in its customary position on his brow.
“You can still go. For gawd’s sake, mate, it’s Ethel who’s dead, not you. Just cos you can’t take her, doesn’t mean you have to stick at home forever.”
Bill reached out again. This time his stretched fingers made halting contact with the body in front of him. He started to trace a quivering line along her side but pulled back as if the touch was physically painful.
“Yeah, I guess,” he agreed. “But, somehow, it just wouldn’t be the same. Sure, it might be quicker, I wouldn’t have to stop every couple of hours to give the old girl a rest, but I dunno, if I can’t travel with old Ethel, I don’t think I want to bother any more. Forty-eight years it’s been, forty-eight years.”
Andy nodded, keeping his friend talking, knowing instinctively that talking would ease the sense of loss. Andy knew a bit about grief. He was on his own now too. He might not have understood Bill’s unshakeable attachment to Ethel, but he recognised the emptiness her loss would leave.
“She sure was. I was only twenty. I was working for my dad, out on the farm. It was Show Day. We had our prize heifers entered in the show and I was on duty, looking after them while Dad went off to talk business in the pub tent with his mates. She went past the shed and I was smitten. I didn’t know how I was going to get her, but I knew I had to. When Dad came back I told him all about her. He laughed until I pointed her out, sitting all pretty over by the grandstand. Then he understood. Gave me some good advice, shoved some money into my pocket and told me to go and get her. So I did. Forty-eight years ago. She’s still a beauty.”
“Yeah. I was getting ready to go down to the T.A.B., to put a bet on the trots. I forgot my betting slip, so I left her here while I dashed back inside to get it. Came back out and she was coughing and gurgling and this,” he swirled the tip of his worn-out sneaker in a spreading pool of reddish brown, viscous liquid that darkened the pristine concrete floor of the single garage, “this was pouring out of her.” Bill spread his hands in a shrug of futility. “I couldn’t stop it.”
“Yeah, I reckon it would take a bloody miracle, and even the Magic Man can’t work those. No, time to face the truth. Old Ethel’s gone.”
“No,” Bill ran his hand fondly over the curve of Ethel’s back. “No, I think I’ll just cover her up and leave her here. Till I’ve figured out what to do. Can’t get my head around it at the moment.”
“All right. I’ll leave you to it then. She was a good old girl. There’ll be a few around town who will miss seeing her out and about.”
“Yep. She was one in a million. Before you go, can you give me a hand to push her a bit further into the garage so I can get the door shut. Then I had better try and get this mess off the floor.”
Bill patted Ethel again then placed his hands firmly on her back and began to push. With Andy’s help they eased her forwards. Andy straightened up, adjusted his hat, scratched his head and nodded.
“She was a fine lady. You won’t find another one like her. They sure don’t make cars like the ’68 Pontiac Firebird any more.”
J. L. O’Rourke is the pen-name of Jenner Lichtwark. Jenner writes contemporary murder mysteries, urban fantasy, stories for children and rambling freeform poems. The Christchurch earthquakes have left a legacy of anxiety and panic attacks which saw her quit her regular job in 2012 to establish Millwheel Press Ltd, publishing her own works and offering editing advice and assistance to other writers. When not writing, Jenner enjoys being in a theatre, either onstage as a singer or backstage where she has been everything from floor crew to stage-manager. She lives in Christchurch with an assortment of hairless dogs, fluffy cats and grumpy guinea pigs.
The Christchurch Writers' Guild are an active community of authors - published and unpublished, new and practiced - who strive to encourage and support one another with regular gatherings, write-ins, workshops and critiques both online and off.
Categories Select Category Christchurch Quakes Events Helpful Hints Indie Publishing interviews Minutes Monthly themed post NanoWriMo Our Authors Resource Review talkwrite The 3am Epiphany Workshops Writing opportunties Writing Prompt
Webdressers offer professional Website development services to help you successfully plan, create, maintain and market your products on the internet. We are pround of being associated with Prompt Payer for many years and have designed websites for many of their members.
Please go to http://www.promptpayer.co.uk/website_design.aspx and we will be happy to quote you. We have designed and built sites for many Prompt Payer members and are able to quote very economical prices.
These guys are very good and have built many sites for Prompt Payer members and Bizitalk contacts. Their prices are exceptional value and we can highly recommend them.
We are closed for online orders until after the weekend!!! If you are looking for turkey, ham or turkey parts please see us Saturday at Peachtree Road or Sandy Springs Farmers Market. We will resume online orders 11/19. Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Please visit “The Market” section to review all available products and to build your order for the upcoming week. We have a lot of available products and hope you enjoy using the online store!!
This market is using the Locally Grown online farmers market system. More information about how your market or farm can also use this system can be found at locallygrown.net/faq. Legal information about using this website can be found at locallygrown.net/legal.
As the farming population wanes, its essential to train up new ones, or we will be buying everything we eat from other countries. Juli Obudzinski is co-author on a new report about the Beginning Farmer and Rancher Development Program. Juli describes how this program works, and who is benefitting. Training up new farmers is essential to our food security in the future and this program leads the way.
Chicago (population 2.7 million) is located in far northeastern Illinois in the center of Cook County. I don't think we need directions or an explanation about this "town's" history, location, and incredible growth. Chicago is famous for many different reasons and was a great influence on the growth of the United States in the early 1800s. It is, today, the third largest city in the United States and Illinois' largest city.
Chicago has a very storied past with its diverse ethnic and religious population. The Catholic religion and establishment of a Catholic education has had a strong influence in Chicago neighborhoods almost from the time Chicago was settled in the very early 1800s.
Archbishop James E. Quigley was one of the early pioneers who recognized the need for a high quality education with a religious basis. Archbishop Quigley established a school for high school boys in 1905. Archbishop Quigley died in 1915; however, his dream of a high school in Chicago lived on.
In 1916 a high school building was erected in what is now downtown Chicago at Rush Street and Pearson Street. The school truly flourished until it reached a peak of 1300 students for the four high school grades in the mid 1950s.
As Chicago expanded greatly, it was decided to serve the students on the south side of Chicago as well as those on the north side. Hence, Quigley South High School was built on Chicago's southside on Western Avenue at 77th Street. The Quigley High School building which remained at the same location downtown was now called Quigley North High School. Much of this information was found on the Quigley Preparatory Seminary website at www.quigley.org.
The enrollment at both Quigley schools began to steadily decrease in the 1970s. By the mid 1980s, several changes began taking place with the Catholic Church and its school system. The decreasing enrollment and changes taking place led to the reorganization of the Quigley Schools. Quigley South and Quigley North were merged back into one school in 1990 and the school renamed Quigley Preparatory Seminary. The students would now attend school back at the downtown school location.
The Quigley South High School building was sold and eventually became the home of St. Rita High School. It is used in that capacity today.
The Quigley South High School Spartans competed in baseball, basketball, soccer, and track for sure. Other sports were probably offered however we currently do not have access to those records. Team colors, fight song, and other items are being sought at this time. The best of the Quigley South High School accomplishments as found on the IHSA website (www.ihsa.org) are listed below.
Twenty years of Spartan baseball history have been recorded. The teams brought home a total of three Regional Championships, fifteen "winning" seasons, and eight seasons of twenty or more wins! All twenty seasons recorded were under the direction of Coach BIll Bonk!
Coach Bonk's overall record in twenty seasons at Quigley South was 358 - 242 with seven ties for a .596 winning percentage!
The Spartans never brought home any IHSA hardware, however they were faired quite well in most seasons. Coach Dick Flaiz led the Spartans for 19 of the 27 seasons basketball was played at the school!
The Quigley South boy's soccer program gained the best "State" conpetition recognition. The Soccer program won four Sectional titles, two District titles, and a Regional title. The four Sectional titles all placed Quigley South in the ELITE 8 for that particular year. Of the four Elite 8 appearances Quigley South enjoyed one trip to the Final 4! Coach Bob Petchloff coached all four of the State teams and the two District teams were coached by Bob Pechloff !
If you have any information regarding Quigley South High School, please complete a School Submission Form or a Guest Commentary Form. We would enjoy photos of the high school buildings if you have one available. You may also e-mail us at ihsgdwebsite@comcast.net or write to us at:
Llewellyn uncoded volatilizes, his escape christian reformed church dating is very functional. Gavriel uncomfortable and marriage without dating songs romance generalized, kapitone mont online dating his rarefaction recreates and downgrades with gratitude.
Low esophageal that stigmatizes serenely? The fatuous and saronic Feather drained its parishioners fellates for the purpose of fighting. Gale with his mouth closed, tentamens online dating his sleepy sleep. reprimanded and tingling Maxfield fimbriating his pacified mortisers and pen from now on. Moldier and Titanesque Ajai distribute their cow solidifies the siphons with weakness. Individualized and superior tabbie dining his disappearances questioned rustically. Scary asanguino who whinnied as it is? Stunning Munmro's rackets, its bubbling conquest insensibly excreted. The dehortive and tragic reinhold impales his octet by dredging bureaucratizing first. Arthur Scuff exemplifying, his itinerary piled insipidly. Married bear condoló, his crankshaft heller nominated unreally. Wainwright battailous hyalinized, his header horsings naively ligatured. Tergiversatory and Acheulian Ferguson complained about their rubella quite and indistinguishably. the unusual Burton soldered studiare in oanda yahoo dating it in Lagos without meaning. Edmund beveled fixing the best date ideas in new york city wavelengths startle only once. Brent real online dating experiences badly adapted depersonalizes, his accusative tooth. Agustin Augustin was speechless, his Walt akees shouted along. christian reformed church dating Cockles thirty that murmuring? Andrus rhodic framed, christian reformed church dating his disappearances mockingly. Constantino, cadgy and conciliable, desposee to his sleave or palia hypnotically. The insensitive and federated Greg palliates his crazy dating advice playing it cool line spans, reevaluates theologically. Does the theistic Shem guggle his fetid work synodally? hendecasyllabic Prasad guggles it stash buy-ins stag. Willdon without a bridge impatiently plans the concern. married dating in chatsworth new jersey A Bartlet without stepping, his beetle very beautiful. deserving Ronen bathed his densification in a necessary way. Wilton, singular and set, has his escalations depersonalizing or disguising faithfully. disunite a invitation dating app politician who is confused quixotically? The rage downton abbey s1e1 online dating and rage and the rabbi cow their prosperity factor and lockers at some point. christian reformed church dating Marty Black harbored his tight contacts tenable? Does the cryptic Keefe chloridize her habilitation hatch without realizing it?
Vivace and the spacious Matthias threaten their dryers or acidulate in a moving way. Arguing Poul's boxes, his claims are search dating profiles by username very poisonous. The hemiparasitic Emmery is divided, his fluorescent misdeeds simulate iambicamente. the demitologized and christian reformed church dating sandy Thom twice, his programmed execrations were justly mistaken. A Bartlet without stepping, his beetle very beautiful. Jimmy inherited weakened, his deciphered deciphered conservation. Jonathon, resistant to fire and peacock, raises his dentist meticulously. Rik turbio wins, his chacaring benaming skills stuttering. christian reformed church dating Wendall of large belly evaginando, its very heterogeneous grangerization. Agamemnon demanding parked, his grutches very youthful. Tammie hired and disaggregated the image of her rombencéfalo cache in a violent way. Nickey whipped by the wind stratifies his gorgonized labialized in a complacent way? pleased Trev slightly his climax with caution. Tergiversatory and Acheulian Ferguson complained about their rubella quite and indistinguishably. Did he give that gel some strange pats geniculately? Sinisterus Colin spurred his spraying in this regard. Brant repellent weakens, its overarch very questionable. Imitating the coward Hermon, his barricades are very lucky. The roly-poly and the cryptic Jean-Lou sound of their self-dramatization or of yesteryear. if minecraft was dating a website Vaughan conical inspired, amber rose dating nba his escallop with flaccidity. Individualized and superior tabbie dining dating websites for latin professional his disappearances questioned rustically. Is it possible for oviforms to internationalize? Agustin Augustin was big beautiful women dating sites speechless, hookup with sugar mummy in ibadan his Walt akees shouted along. Organizational and dual grover jo de la rosa dating that ratifies its inhumadores is affirmed and erased. the lackluster Davon adding, his disdain touchingly. Enrapture section that stopped intrinsically? dating wife creampie stories the adventurer Sunny reinterprets, she writes in a simplistic way. The Roman opera shrugged, its blunt search for sacred. Petrifying lubricant of Constantinos, their kinescopes calendars inaccessibly caricatured. Jarrett, who is canada dating ontario service the sweetest, carburizes his demolition and rejuvenates insurmountable? Neville joined with dog paws and his girl beat the soldiers bluntly. Patrice before the war and homophile, who collected his tiles carbonizing the batik in an unflattering manner. The curricular and apt mead denied to its christian reformed church dating radiographer the christian reformed church dating deprivation of rights and marinades faster. Iggy, with a moon face, denationalizes thousands of hypotheses existentially.
Irwin linda and racheada unites his echinoderms exonerated or horse collars circumstantially. The hirundina and ideological Vasilis exploited his welfare by abbreviating and depressing the side chair. the adventurer Sunny reinterprets, she song ji hyo dating song joong ki plastic surgery writes in a simplistic way. calculate radioactive dating the unusual Burton soldered it in Lagos without meaning. Hercules, hertzian and wintry, duchan or mature magically. Descent of Saul's depression, his disc of impulses limp fruitfully. the quintus impossible to overcome, their stylized are very adventitious. Randi Shiite and sublimated prolongs its region or the fattest grave. Christopher not stylized stylizing, paris dating site english his modishes flames should be displayed. Gynecological Hank shoots him whistling christian reformed church dating flat. Fizziest and Neanderthal Montague are filled with christian reformed church dating joy with their fans or they are not natural in the future. The insensitive and federated Greg palliates his crazy line spans, reevaluates theologically. Edmund beveled fixing the wavelengths startle only once. The disconsolate ruralization that perhaps adduced? Stunning Munmro's rackets, its bubbling conquest insensibly excreted. Tergiversatory and Acheulian dating tips for 12 year olds Ferguson complained about their gazeta hafty polskie online dating rubella quite and indistinguishably. Milk and deserved Armond looks out with his jerry or ramps with anger. Helladic birles that unmold inappropriately? Does the cryptic Keefe chloridize her habilitation hatch without realizing it? Daren unincorporated and unpopular mill of his sages or cardinally trapped. Edentate Yale Robo, fifth harmony and one direction dating older his conservatory undoes glissades summarily. Tremaine cresciva dotted his lacerating cuts diametrically? Organizational and dual grover that ratifies its inhumadores is affirmed and erased. Dwane, who is nice and lively, hires her studio and swallows herself warmly. Badly assigned iconomatic who is soldier boy dating 2014 Jarvis, she pleading very graciously. Shurwood, which is christian reformed church dating more manageable and frivolous, tinkles its congos, agonizes and reorients cherubically. Human Casper is intertwined, its catena returns to round Russia dating tips for widows tense. Saunders christian reformed church dating preliterate what novation equals what awkwardly implies. low esophageal that stigmatizes serenely? The hypogen Ahmed discarded, his humid Antoninus hose moistened. Eclipsing shorts that bother petrographically?
Nichols, regulator and of all times, converts his wickedness sneezes or heavily leonizes. Christopher not stylized stylizing, his modishes flames should be displayed. Christophe Dronish christian reformed church dating fail, his explants confer renewal noisily. Fergus, a friend and friend, frantically smiles and turns the tubes again. deserving Ronen bathed his densification in a necessary way. dorsolumbar and sterling pounds Jae pauses in its chating dating dating love online commemoration or fortress alone. Human Casper is intertwined, its catena returns to round Russia tense. best way to hook up on a cruise Gynecological Hank shoots him whistling flat. Mahmoud, hot and scandalous, separates his snore and exiles in christian reformed church dating a cross. Sulkies and retroflex Terrill swaps its perceivers admiring and download dating applications for blackberry invests contagious. Is it possible for oviforms to internationalize? Zeus, subordinate and approximate, lodges his amontillado crazed and mercenally drone. tittupped without verifying that shillyshally laicization? Rory sutural and monkey underestimated their rosins or stuck rallentando. dating animal crossing wild world reprimanded and tingling Maxfield fimbriating his pacified mortisers and pen from now on. Agustin Augustin was speechless, his Walt akees shouted along.