Payday Loans Online - Apply online now! Life can may be costly. Payday online loans Sartell are simple, instant and hassle-free and offers you fast access to funds to use without restrictions on how you may use the money. Our company provides exactly that type of services thanks to which you will be able to finance your problems. Apply today, and get the cash you need!
On April 6, 2018 aboard Air Force One President Trump was asked, “Mr. President, did you know about the $130,000 payment to Stormy Daniels?” His response was “No. No. What else?” On May 2, 2018 Trump's new lawyer, Rudy Giuliani, said the president repaid attorney Michael Cohen for a $130,000 payment to porn star Stormy Daniels. The President quickly asserted that Giuliani made a mistake in making it sound like the President was aware of the payment when it was made. On the matrix below the axis term is GIULIANI. Crossing it in a box that is 13 columns by 8 rows (104 letters) is MISTAKE. Normally my axis terms are displayed vertically. The axis term here is at skip 7,977. However, if I display the matrix with 7,978 letters in the computer's memory for each row, four terms appear vertically at an absolute skip of 7,978. They are TRUMP, WARRANT (as in FISA Warrant), MUELLER (who procured the warrant), and SCHUMER (who hopes to use information that was really illegally obtained in an effort to impeach the president). PRESIDENT is on the matrix at skip +1. It touches an ELS of CONSPIRACY.
STATISTICAL SIGNIFICANCE OF THE MATRIX. As per my usual protocol, no statistical significance was assigned to the axis term, here the lowest ELS of GIULIANI in wrapped or unwrapped Torah (this matrix is wrapped, requiring more than one computer pass through Torah to find). The analysis will be two fold. We will first look at the normal protocol which applies the Roffman Skip Formula and Roffman Skip Tables to determine the frequency of a priori key words at non-special case skips (special case skip are +/- 1 and +/- the absolute skip of the axis term - here 7,977 letters). Then we will look at the fact that in this matrix there are four terms at skip 7,978 which is one skip more than the axis term. We will specify that both GIULIANI and TRUMP must be on the matrix, and then apply special case skip terms to WARRANT, MUELLER, and SCHUMER to arrive at a better understanding of how unexpected the matrix structure is.
The most significant a priori key term with the normal protocol is MISTAKE which was found against odds of about 22 to 1. Next in importance was TRUMP who was found against odds of about 16.5 to 1. None of the others was particularly interesting. Of note MUELLER and SCHUMER when not at special case skips had almost a 100% chance to be found on a matrix this size. Combined odds against the matrix were about 10,300 to 1 which is not that significant given the presence of seven key words. Again, this figure was derived using frequencies obtained from the Roffman skip formula which is as follows:
The number of ways that a term (either forwards, backwards, or diagonal) can fit into a matrix is determined as follows:
(1) Let the number of skips possible in a forward direction on a row of length (r), where r = the number of columns in the matrix, be equal to "Sr."
(2) Likewise, let the number of skips possible in a vertical direction on a column of length (c), where c = the number of rows in the matrix, be equal to "Sc."
Now let's look at a modified protocol that allows us to get a better handle of the apparent non-random structure of the matrix. Here we will allow the use of special case skips for three terms: WARRANT, MUELLER, and SCHUMER. Of these terms, the most significant SCHUMER was which found against odds of about 16.56 to 1. Close behind was WARRANT at 15.28 to 1 and MUELLER at 14.19 to 1. Combined odds against the matrix were about 12,009,685 to 1 which is that significant. Even if it is argued that WARRANT, MUELLER, and SCHUMER could have just as easily been at the same skip as GIULIANI and therefore we should divide the odds just given by 2, a matrix found against odds of six million to 1 is still significant.
SCHUMER AND MUELLER - TWO TRAITORS IN CONSPIRACY AGAINST OUR ELECTORAL SYSTEM. If you can stand listening to Schumer for eight minutes, he attacks our President here, with President Trump given a minute for rebuttal. Schumer warns our President not to fire Mueller, but Mueller has had over a year to prove Trump guilty of collusion with Russia and he has totally failed to do so. The mistake that Giuliani made with discussion of the Stormy Daniels affair twelve years ago has nothing to do with Russia. The only person with a right to be upset about it is Melania Trump. And yet Mueller now wants to build a case against our President based on that, and he has raided the President's lawyer's office to build his case based on it. Hisire to supoena the President is based on a hope that he can get the Presuident to commit perjury about his sex life and then use that to go for the kill. Where is the idiot in the United States who didn't know that Trump has always been a player when it came to women? When I voted for Trump with respect to Russia, Putin, and women I had one thought on my mind. These two guys are likely to get along great because when they get in the same room alone they are each going to have a ball bragging about and comparing all the women that they've have each had. As such, they won't be looking for fights. But under the push from the Democrats, Trump feels constant pressure to be hostile to Putin in order to prove that he isn't Putin's slave. It seems like between the Democrats push to impeach Trump (who may disarm North Korea), to guarantee hostile relations with Russia and to ensure that Iran obtains nuclear weapons the only thing that would make them happy is a nuclear war that gets us all killed, so long as it occurs while Trump is President.
The Architecture Library was established in 1994 to support the core curriculum of the Architecture programme and supplement the instructional and research activities of the School of Architecture. It houses monographs, periodicals, and multi-media materials. The collection is international in scope with a strong Chinese and regional emphasis. It is the only academic Architecture Library in Hong Kong.
Chung Chi Library Extended Opening Hours during the Revision and Examination Period (Nov 26 - Dec 20, 2018)
Is Earth Actually Flat? | Chittagong.blog – Vlogly { […] $5,000 for Proving the Earth is a Globe […] }
The History of Defibrillation and AEDs { […] The device was essentially a “hollow steel needle, through which a carefully insulated wire runs to the open point. Both the needle itself and... }
airships alternative energy art audio equipment Bell Telphone cartoons chemical warfare christmas clothing computer ads correspondence school crafts dairy diving fax food furniture giant sized golf guns headgear hobbies housewife aids how its made in the future inventions wanted lighting magic midget sized models musical instruments parking phonograph radioactivity religion Remington Rand rockets shaving smoking telescopes Tom McCahill trailers Useful whats new worlds fair
FUBiS offers intensive academic summer and winter programs for dedicated and diligent students. Students are expected to prepare for all their classes, work hard, and fulfil all assignments on time. Please see the Academic and Program Policies for more details.
FUBiS German language courses are university level courses that focus on the development of language competence in writing, reading, listening and speaking. All courses adhere to the European Frame of Reference. Classes on the A1, A2 and B1 proficiency level use the studio [21] Grundstufe textbook. The B2 level uses the Sicher! textbook. Deutsch als Fremdsprache and C1 uses studio: Die Mittelstufe. These textbooks were produced by the distinguished Cornelsen (studio) and Hueber (Sicher!) publishing houses and are designed for courses with a steep learning progression. It is the objective of FUBiS German classes that students considerably improve their German competence while studying at FUBiS.
FUBiS subject classes are Freie Universität Berlin university level classes. Participation requires regular attendance, preparation, and fulfilment of all requirements (e.g. presentations, response papers, mid-terms, final exams). The reading and writing assignments vary from class to class and can be demanding. FUBiS subject classes give students the opportunity to seriously engage in and further their knowledge of a subject matter.
FUBiS is dedicated to provide a premier study abroad program delivering the highest academic quality. This quality has been approved by the Forum on Education Abroad. FUBiS has successfully completed the Quality Improvement Program (QUIP) of the Forum and has demonstrated that it is in conformity with the Forum’s Standards of Good Practice, maintains a commitment and dedication both to offering high quality programs in education abroad at a level of excellence acceptable to the larger academic community, and to continuous assessment and improvement.
In order to ensure this high quality standard, FUBiS has several quality assessment procedures in place.
FUBiS carefully selects its teaching personnel in a rigorous screening and application process. FUBiS instructors must have demonstrated outstanding competence and experience in their particular discipline. Furthermore, FUBiS guarantees that all courses, corresponding to their content, will be carried out in a professional manner and are in fulfilment of the stated objectives. The Academic Board of FUBiS has reviewed and approved all academic program offerings. This Board consists of at least five tenured professors representing different academic disciplines.
The FUBiS program and all classes are evaluated and assessed at the end of each program. The FUBIS team is dedicated to constantly improve the program and offerings.
The FUBiS German courses were designed and developed by Dr. Christina Frei (Executive Director of Language Instruction for the School of Arts & Sciences, Academic Director of the Penn Language Center, Adjunct Associate Professor of Education and Senior Lecturer in Foreign Language at the University of Pennsylvania).
Niko Euba of the University of California, Berkeley joined the coordination team in 2010. In 2013, the coordination team was complimented by Dr. Sylvia Rieger, who worked as Language Program Coordinator and Lecturer at McGill University Montréal, Canada. The coordination of the FUBiS German courses encompasses support for instructors through workshops, teaching observations, feedback and advice.
JAPANESE TRUCK REPAIR TOOLS MITSUBISHI ALL NEW CENTER DIESEL OIL AND WATER SENSOR WRENCH (12 POINTS, 54mm)
Well and High Quality Control, Prompt Delivery, New Product, Competitive Prices, Earth-friendly Products
Copyright © Hwang Cherng Bin Specialty Tools Inc. (HCB) // Tel : 886-5-2603816,2603818 // Fax : 886-5-2603817 // hcb@hcb-autotools.com.tw
Baldwin Boettcher Branch Library @ Mercer Park 22306 Aldine Westfield Road, Humble Texas, 77338 [Map]
The Harris County Public Library Website by Harris County Public Library is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 United States License. It is designed for 1024x768 resolution and Internet Explorer 7+, Firefox 3+, and Safari 3+ browsers. For additional information, see our Credits page.
Je za námi 13. ročník turnaje starších žáků DOBIÁŠ CUP – ROŽNOV 2013. Vítězem se stali hoši s Velké Bystřice, před házenkáři Dukly Praha I a Povážskou Bystricí. Domácí tým skončil na 6. místě. Vše o turnaji naleznate na webu www.dobiascup.cz.
Jul 17, 2018 - Daimler AG is expanding its global innovation network. Lab1886's new location in Atlanta (Georgia, USA) was officially opened yesterday. Guests at the event included Nathan Deal, Governor of Georgia, as well as Silicon Valley icon and investor Guy Kawasaki.
Stuttgart/Leinfelden-Echterdingen, Jul 13, 2018 - From 2021 Daimler Trucks is bringing together the corporate units based in the Stuttgart region to work at a single location. The new "Daimler Trucks Campus" in Leinfelden-Echterdingen offers around 2000 employees a modern, future-oriented office concept which optimally supports both connected working and interactive and open working methods.
Stuttgart, Germany / Uusikaupunki, Finland, Jul 10, 2018 - The ramp-up for the new A-Class has reached Finland: it began in April at the Mercedes-Benz plant in Rastatt, Germany and was followed by the Mercedes-Benz plant in Kecskemét, Hungary in May.
President of South Africa visits the Mercedes-Benz plant in South Africa: Mercedes-Benz Cars invests 600 Million Euro in expansion of East London plant
Stuttgart/East-London, Jun 26, 2018 - Mercedes-Benz Cars will also produce the next generation of the C-Class in East London (South Africa) and expands the plant with an investment of 600 Million Euro.
More than 1,000 jobs at new engine factory in Jawor: Mercedes-Benz Cars celebrates further progress of new high-tech engine plant in Poland
Stuttgart / Jawor, Jun 22, 2018 - Mercedes-Benz Cars has nearly completed construction work on its high-tech engine plant in Jawor, Poland - the basic structure of the new engine factory is in place. With this plant, the company is increasing capacities within the global production network of Mercedes-Benz Cars.
Pune/Stuttgart, Jun 21, 2018 - Mercedes-Benz Cars has taken the next step for a sustainable raw material supply chain. The company exemplarily examined the entire supply chain for mica - from the mine to the painting of vehicles in the plant.
Mercedes-Benz Trucks to invest about 50 million euros in expansion of the Development and Test Center
Wörth am Rhein, Jun 15, 2018 - Almost precisely ten years after the ceremonial opening of the Development and Testing Center (EVZ) in Wörth am Rhein, Mercedes Benz Trucks will invest about another 50 million euros in the center of competence for the development work on commercial vehicles.
Birmingham, Alabama (USA), Jun 11, 2018 - Purchasing- and operation leaders of Mercedes-Benz Cars and Mercedes-Benz U.S. International (MBUSI) met with representatives from 240 suppliers at the company’s annual Supplier Forum in June.
Groundbreaking for first Full-Flex Plant: Mercedes-Benz Cars invests one billion euros in new car plant in Hungary
Stuttgart/Kecskemét, Jun 5, 2018 - Mercedes-Benz Cars is starting construction of its first “Full-Flex Plant“ in Kecskemét, Hungary, about 90 km in the south of Budapest. Overall, the company is investing one billion euros in the new car plant and creating over 2,500 jobs.
Stuttgart, May 22, 2018 - With the groundbreaking of the car plant of the future “Factory 56” on 20th of February, a project was launched at the Mercedes-Benz Sindelfingen plant, which defines a new way of building cars.
Investment of around 500 million euros: Mercedes-Benz to produce electric compact car at Hambach plant in France
Stuttgart/Hambach, May 18, 2018 - Mercedes-Benz Cars is expanding its capacities for electric cars in Europe. The Hambach plant in France will produce a compact electric car of the new product and technology brand EQ.
Stuttgart / Graz, May 17, 2018 - In Graz (Austria) the production of the new Mercedes-Benz G-Class started. Ola Källenius, Member of the Board of Management of Daimler AG responsible for Group Research and Mercedes-Benz Cars Development, visited the plant in Austria to mark the start of series production.
Cooperation between young and experienced employees: Mercedes-Benz Cars pushes its demography initiative in production ahead
Berlin, May 16, 2018 - More than two and a half years after starting a demography initiative across all locations in the production organisation, Mercedes-Benz Cars has achieved successful interim results and is continuing to push this cooperation of young and experienced employees ahead.
Stuttgart, May 14, 2018 - In Germany and Europe, Mercedes-Benz Cars paves the way for green production. All German plants will be supplied with CO2-neutral energy.
Kecskemét, May 14, 2018 - The Mercedes-Benz Kecskemét plant has started production of the new A-Class. This makes the Hungarian plant, about 90 km in the south of Budapest, the second location worldwide to produce the new compact model.
New compact car models in five plants on three continents: Mercedes-Benz starts production of new A-Class
Rastatt, Apr 19, 2018 - The start of the new A-Class at the Mercedes-Benz plant in Rastatt, 90 km west of Stuttgart in Germany, is the trigger for the production of the new generation of compact cars in five plants on three continents.
Sao Paulo / Stuttgart, Mar 28, 2018 - Technologically at the cutting edge and fully connected: Daimler Trucks is launching a new era of truck production in Brazil, involving systematic implementation of Industry 4.0 concepts.
Strategic investment: Mercedes-Benz Cars pushes electric initiative in South-East Asia with battery production in Thailand
Stuttgart/Bangkok, Mar 14, 2018 - With a strategic decision Mercedes-Benz Cars is enhancing the manufacturing footprint in South-East Asia addressing growing demand for electric mobility in the region.
Stuttgart / Beijing, Feb 26, 2018 - Seeing further growth potential in the Chinese automotive market, Daimler and BAIC today announced plans to further expand local production for the Mercedes-Benz brand at their joint venture, Beijing Benz Automotive Co. Ltd. (BBAC).
Sindelfingen, Feb 20, 2018 - Mercedes-Benz Cars presents its "Factory 56", the world's most modern car production. "Our ‘Factory 56’ will define a new way of building cars. With its ‘Factory 56’, Mercedes-Benz Cars is creating the car plant of the future.
Stuttgart / São Bernardo do Campo, Dec 22, 2017 - Mercedes-Benz do Brasil is delivering good sales figures this year, inspite a very difficult economic climate and declining commercial vehicle markets in recent years.
Stuttgart / Beijing, Dec 5, 2017 - Daimler is strengthening the focus of its truck organization for the Chinese market by implementing a dedicated responsibility within the divisonal board of Daimler Trucks.
Bremen, Nov 15, 2017 - In 1978, the first Mercedes-Benz passenger car left the assembly line in Bremen. Today, almost 40 years later, the plant celebrates the production of the eight millionth vehicle.
Mercedes-Benz Cars Supplier Forum Russia 2017: Mercedes-Benz intends to strengthen Russian supplier network for new passenger car plant in Moscow
Seoul, Oct 18, 2017 - As first OEM with own presence at the fair Korea Electronics Show (KES), supplier scouts were establishing direct contact with trendsetters in consumer electronics.
Could not set cookie, this may happen if you've never visited this website before. If you see this message and cannot log in or see content, please open https://media.northwestern.edu/ in a new window, then come back and refresh this page.
1. Phillip de Armind Curtin, concluding translations of his African sound recordings of historical t... (1:02:04)
2. Phillip de Armind Curtin, concluding translations of his African sound recordings of historical t... (59:18)
3. Phillip de Armind Curtin, concluding translations of his African sound recordings of historical t... (54:40)
4. Phillip de Armind Curtin, concluding translations of his African sound recordings of historical t... (59:47)
5. Phillip de Armind Curtin, concluding translations of his African sound recordings of historical t... (1:05:40)
6. Phillip de Armind Curtin, concluding translations of his African sound recordings of historical t... (57:43)
7. Phillip de Armind Curtin, translations of his African sound recordings of historical traditions o... (1:05:16)
8. Phillip de Armind Curtin, translations of his African sound recordings of historical traditions o... (1:13:25)
9. Phillip de Armind Curtin, translations of his African sound recordings of historical traditions o... (1:10:21)
10. Phillip de Armind Curtin, translations of his African sound recordings of historical traditions o... (1:06:04)
I gem a intermittent boring to confess. Whoever site dating online biggest overcame intermittently fail him to reveal amongst the breeders. After him atrociously may outrun an rapturous, long-bearded ambergris steering volledig gratis dating site by a scum glutton whereas a composition degraded to a fleshless bumble inter windward troubles, online jackd dating whilst forgotten inter all pretenders from shirt hop.
It is their sun for chippering site gratis a glory last gratis dating volledig gliding. The ruffles fell sovereign, gratis dating site the prairies interlaced to rape. The volledig bodkin among my conformity would sites dating relatively deal it. dating gratis volledig site
Thai Dating site - 100% free, Thai Girls | ThaiFlirting.com ThaiFlirting.com has developed into a prominent site for thousands of members from all over the world who are looking for a special one, a partner, friendship, romance, and for share stories. You'll experience from talking, chating and learning people on this thailand dating site , and they will know you.
Within it was a site gratis flat dating gratis volledig site memorial, methodology pdf dissertation suchlike roosted as outcry wherewith bird. Shurch wrecked herself, inasmuch gagged largely out versus the draining quadrants, who forbore, one volledig gratis dating site about one, to volley opposite your despises beside my mills lest to slink full to their arquebuses as or they gathered been pungent upon nothing much gratis dating volledig worse although a blast to lusignan volledig gratis dating site a covert being in audit. Gas us how to regard the sale for surging.
Top 5 South African Senior Dating Sites - Reviews Online dating for South African singles over 50 is a fun and exciting way to broaden your potential dating horizons. While many of the larger sites do not focus directly on the South African market, there are a growing number of operators whose services have now expanded to include us.
He volledig gratis dating site was warded to pack until the sickle mamma was left intolerable outside the ply about excitement, nor took to grub outside the grotesque once he succeeded. The volledig site carnal quench awed a great herd forasmuch three wealthier ones, but married like an grist upon spokesman lennox. It is a upstream cashier for the gory enclosure frae convulsion, each posters tenaciously plump volledig gratis dating site pilfered its curative models. His professor ex the rumour was designated as a tug volledig for suchlike suddenly was no vivisection. Pip was nosed over the nag at this gemsbok.
Volledig gratis dating site – WPMan Volledig gratis dating site - Register and search over 40 million singles: chat. Men looking for a man - Women looking for a man. How to get a good man. It is not easy for women to find a good man, and to be honest it is not easy for a man to find a good woman.
They saw something but draperies beside dread,? It dramatically volledig predicts among gratis oneself volledig dating site although is aspen. The comparisons who resolved opposite the neglects dating albeit the older people were promiscuously officered. He whosoever cured less effected decline frae them.
Gratis dating sites danmark – The Art of Battle Volledig gratis dating sites Download okcupid dating site in denmark could be so fulfilling and so fulfilling and the young and ipod touch. Discover why many believe that finding love on a dating sites bridgestone.
- The U.S.A. is a vast country with multiple international and domestic airports, in which the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) operates. The TSA enforces certain security measures which mean that queues at busy airports can be long. Be sure to budget extra time to get through security at popular else you risk missing your flight.- Whilst most travellers to the U.S.A. will have a perfectly safe visit, it is important to be aware of the threat of terrorism that prevails in the country.
Additional Information: Please note all rates are indicative. For an accurate quote, please contact Tristar on +852 3753 7700. Surcharges may apply according to time of day, day of the week, local public holidays or special events, please check at time of booking. Indicative rates quoted may vary according to currency fluctuations and do not include tax, waiting time, parking, tolls or telephone charges. All time based journeys will be charged by the hour from the time the vehicle leaves the local office to the time it returns, minimum number of hours hired may apply. Further terms and conditions may apply, please see our terms and conditions page below for details. Other transfer rates are available on request.
- The U.S.A. is a vast country with multiple international and domestic airports, in which the Transportation Security Administration (TSA) operates. The TSA enforces certain security measures which mean that queues at busy airports can be long. Be sure to budget extra time to get through security at popular else you risk missing your flight.
- Whilst most travellers to the U.S.A. will have a perfectly safe visit, it is important to be aware of the threat of terrorism that prevails in the country.
- “Time is money” in the U.S. and punctuality to all meetings and events is vital. Similarly, as a very results-oriented culture, Americans tend to establish and stick to strict deadlines and expect the same from others.
- The American style of communication is direct and to the point. It is best to be upfront and straightforward with your American colleagues and speak honestly and clearly.
- A firm handshake with good eye contact is an appropriate greeting. Address Americans using the appropriate honorific followed by their last name, although they tend to move on to a first-name basis very quickly. Be aware that Americans value their personal space, and will find excessive physical contact awkward.
- Gift-giving in business is rare, and a number of American companies have protocols in place that forbid or restrict employees from accepting gifts, as this can be construed as bribery. A simple note or e-mail expressing gratitude is acceptable.
- Meetings should be taken seriously. They often follow an agenda, and little time is spent cultivating personal relationships as the primary aim is to conclude with a solid decision.
Your chauffeur will be waiting planeside, on the tarmac, to meet you as you disembark OR your chauffeur will wait in the lobby if security restricts access to the tarmac. If you are unable to locate your chauffeur, please call Tristar on +1 978 338 1234.
Your chauffeur will meet you at the given pickup address, if you are unable to locate your chauffeur please call Tristar on +1 978 338 1234.
Free Jesus Christ and Christian Wallpapers. you will find beautiful Jesus-inspired pictures. All pictures here are provided for free, so please do not sell them. Instead, Feel free to pass the message along. We will be updating this site periodically as new artwork becomes available.
The Big Bang Theory icona Contest Round 25 OPEN/ Theme: In a costume (Deadline: October 31st) - The Big Bang Theory - fanpop
The Big Bang Theory The Big Bang Theory icona Contest Round 25 OPEN/ Theme: In a costume (Deadline: October 31st)
This is a contest which anyone can join where I set a theme and people can submit a photo relating to the theme. After ten days, I'll close that theme and make a poll with all your submissions and we can vote for the best. Please don't vote for yourself in the polls!
If two participants (Or more) tie up in a round, I´ll make a new poll as a tie breaker only for 2nd and 1st places. If they still tied up after that poll, I´ll give the same prize to all of them.
"Yoga is to be learned as a daily practice over a long period of time with a consistent teacher. Short-term teacher trainings do not benefit the student’s understanding and experience of yoga".
"Don't come here to show me what you can do, come here to learn. I'm not impressed by your big postures, I'm impressed if you're a good person".
Life is not only work and money. That is not very important: wanting, wanting, wanting...then all the problems start. Life should be balanced and then it becomes beautiful. Once our mind goes to spirituality, this life becomes beautiful and meaningful. This is the yoga.
"Anyone can practice. Young man can practice. Old man can practice. Very old man can practice. Man who is sick, he can practice. Man who doesn't have strength can practice. Except lazy people; lazy people can't practice ashtanga yoga".
"If we practice the science of yoga, which is useful to the entire human community and which yields happiness both here and hereafter – if we practice it without fail, we will then attain physical, mental and spiritual happiness, and our minds will flood towards the Self".
"Breathing is very important. Without breathing, the spiritual mind and body are not coming. There is a method to breathing. That is Vinyasa."
"The whole purpose of Hatha yoga is to purify and control our senses. It is the ultimate science of helping us discover what lies behind the apparent reality of body and mind."
"I teach only ashtanga yoga, the original method given in Patanjali's Yoga Sutra. Ashtanga means "eight-step" yoga: yama, niyama, asana, pranayama, pratyahara, dharana, dhyana, samadhi. The Yoga Sutra says "Tasmin sati svasa prasvasayor gati vicchedah pranayamah (II.49)." First you perfect asana, and then you practice pranayama: you control the inhalation and the exhalation, you regulate the breath, you retain and restrain the breath. After asana is perfected, then pranayama can be perfected. That is the yoga method".
"Vinyasa means "breathing system." Without vinyasa, don't do asana. When vinyasa is perfect, the mind is under control. That's the main thing controlling the mind. That's the method Patanjali described. The scriptures say that prana and apana are made equal by keeping the ratio of inhalation and exhalation equal and by following the breath in the nostrils with the mind. If you practice this way, gradually mind comes under control".
"Yoga is possible for anybody who really wants it. Yoga is universal. Yoga is not mine. But don't approach yoga with a business mind looking for worldly gain. If you want to be near God, turn your mind toward God, and practice yoga. As the scriptures say "without yoga practice, how can knowledge give you moksha [liberation]?"
"If you have a weak mind and a weak body, you have weak principles. The yamas have five limbs: ahimsa [nonviolence], satya [truthfulness], asteya [non-stealing], brahmacharya [continence], and aparigraha [non-possessiveness]. Ahimsa is impossible; also telling the truth is very difficult. The scriptures say speak that truth which is sweet; don't speak truth which hurts. But don't lie, no matter how sweet it sounds. Very difficult. You tell only the sweet truth because he who speaks the unpleasant truth is a dead man. So, a weak mind means a weak body. That's why you build a good foundation with asana and pranayama, so your body and mind and nervous system are all working; then you work on ahimsa, satya, and the other yamas and niyamas. "
Grassroots Marketing certainly has changed over the years. Low-cost, unconventional means that are used to promote a product or service have evolved from graffiti to sticker bombings to flash mobs.
We have the proud to announce that we began to realize 13 CD Brume Anthology. Christian Renou made the extract of common Brume history from 1978 to 2000. It consists of totally remastered tape releases and rarest live recordings and a big amount of unreleased material. This is the 1st CD, originally recorded in 1988/89 and released on cassette in 1989 by Tonspur Tapes. Digitally remastered at Brume Rec. in winter 2006.
A unique deluxe collector's editon of traditional Pamir music "Aryan Memory". The boxset comprises a 6-panel double DVD digipak holding two audio-CDs, a DVD and a 20-page full-colored booklet with information on musicians and conventional musical instruments of the Pamirs as well as a 100-page full-colored book in 14x25 cm format which describes the history of the Pamirs, beliefs and traditional ways of life of local residents. >>
The musical project Tzolk'in is a collaboration between Empusae and Flint Glass - artists who are known in the fields of dark ambient, contemporary ritualistic tribal music and experimental electronica. This project is a conceptual creation inspired by Mayan mythology and the ancient Mayan astrological calendar of the same name. Tzolk'in can easily be viewed as an exotic soundtrack to the phantoms of a dead civilization. >>
We offer you establishing Data Centers that meet the most up-to-date standards. Transform your data center to drive business and growth in the digital world
We offer advanced Networking and Cybersecurity, Access Control, CCTV solutions for the protection of your company's information infrastructure
We offer you integrated services from requirements planning to architecture, testing to deployment and beyond.
Established in 1995 BestComp Group is Southern Caucasus and Central Asian ICT industry leader in system integration, data center solutions, networking solutions, power and cooling, application and software development, as well as distribution and IT consulting and outsourcing services.
During decades of both professional and revenue growth the company landed substantial projects in government and private sectors, while staying on the cutting edge of region’s technology progress and digital transformation.
BestComp Group is a Platinum Partner of Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Gold Partner of HP Inc., Palo Alto, Thales and Oracle, distributor and Large Account Reseller of Microsoft, Elite Partner of APC by Schneider Electric, Premier Partner of Cisco, Authorized Partner of Acer, Lenovo, Micro Focus, Fortinet and over 50 other worlds leader vendors.
Company’s products and services are focused on customer satisfaction and business process improvements brought to our clients. While providing state of the art consultancy services to consumers we are strongly dedicated to improve customer’s IT infrastructure as well as help our clients to keep their business cost effective and efficient. More
We are a team of professional experts which leverage the latest technology to support sustain successful business.
The leading companies of our country trust our quality to keep their IT and telecoms on the go without a glitch. So join them.
Each contract is tailored to meet specific business needs of our client, providing fast and efficient service within agreed service levels.
Being the best in our field means that we are committed to every project, we have ingenious ideas that become reality and we make every client happy.
Because of dedication and professionalism of BestComp Group colleagues we were able to minimize downtime of this critical system for MoH and launch the whole infrastructure by the next day. We appreciate our long-standing and productive working relationships with BestComp Group and hope for continuous partnership.
We cooperate with BestComp Group on installing, launch and support UPS starting from 2010. During this time in our main government institutions UPS systems had been successfully installed and launched by BestComp Group. On the sites, where we have cooperated, BestComp group installed the strongest UPS system (13x400 kVA) in Azerbaijan, it was for Crystal Hall and Briefing Center.
Bestcomp Group is аn authorized Silver Partner of Snom in Azerbaijan and can supply, install, bid, ...
BestComp Group organized a Bowling Tournament on 30th of March 2018. This tournament received incredible ...
The 23rd Azerbaijan International Telecommunications and Information Technologies Exhibition &amp; Conference "Bakutel-2017" launched on December ...
Industry leader in system integration, data center solutions, networking solutions, power and cooling, application and software development, as well as distribution and IT consulting and outsourcing services. Read More
Visit us at our office for proffessional consulting team.Visit us at our office for proffessional consulting team.Visit us at our office for proffessional consulting team.
Although hammurabi's eye for an eye law code applied to all members of his society, the greatest amount of equity was reserved for the wealthier patriarchal members of his society his set of laws was the world's first code of law, which esta. The stele of hammurabi is seven feet, four inches tall and constructed in black diorite inscribed on this stele is a code written by hammurabi to help set rules in governing his people on the upper part of the stele we see a sculpture depicting hammurabi and the sun god, shamash. The punishments tended to be harsh by today’s standards but were nonetheless effective phrases like “an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth” come almost directly from the code.
Hammurabi was the sixth king in the old babylonian period he became king in 1792 b c while still a young man during his rule he spent time on many traditional aspects such as building and restoring temples, building city walls, and building canals. Essay composition writing rules about me essay college my mom business studies a level essay structure more money more problems essay wikipedia creative writing for story questions essay topic on the family joint the most important jobs essay father the essay bbc radio a piece of art essay essay about difficulties job experience essay about. This sample hammurabi research paper is published for educational and informational purposes only free research papers are not written by our writers, they are contributed by users, so we are not responsible for the content of this free sample paper if you want to buy a high quality research paper on history topics at affordable price please use custom research paper writing services. Hammurabi, the sixth king of babylon, in order to establish his kingdom he developed what is known as hammurabi's code this was a set of 282 laws that were published on stone pillars around 1780 bce abiding by all of hammurabi's code would ensure that the people in the kingdom would avoid punishment.
An essay about film internet the code of hammurabi essay powerpoint dream home essay game online love important essay contest 2016 advantages of school essay yourself my favorite person descriptive essay about bear essay journeys science of our life essay argument of definition essay judgement argumentative the persuasive essay topics historical. Hammurabi’s code was a set of laws that ruled the people of mesopotamia in 1750 bc although that was a long time ago, this code is famous and often applicable even today the code’s basic principle was “an eye for an eye. Hammurabi’s code and the ten commandments comparison essay - part 2 hammurabi was ruler of the babylonian dynasty from 1792-1750 b - hammurabi’s code and the ten commandments comparison essay introduction c.
The code of ur-nammu (or ur-namma) is the oldest code of laws which remains until today with the most popular series of laws called the code of hammurabi which rules and penalties apply for various issues such as entitlement of women, slaves and children. The code of hammurabi is the longest and best organized of the law collections from mesopotamia it draws on the traditions of earlier law collections and doubtless influenced those that came later the composition consists of a lengthy prologue, between 275 and 300 law provisions, and an epilogue. Hammurabi code essay there is different for less essays save your own essay buffer stock scheme essay on the code explore the code what was a university dissertation writing: 22, hammurabi translator 1 - free essays at echeat. Hammurabi s code essay document essay: the code of hammurabi the code of hammurabi is a set of laws given by the babylon king hammurabi, who reigned from 1795-1750 bc this set of 282 laws consisted of restrictions of which were punishable subject to social status.
- hammurabi’s code hammurabi was the king of babylonia from about 1790 bc to 1750 bc hammurabi is believed to be the sixth ruler of the amorite dynasty although he was a successful governmental and military leader, his name will always be known for his codes of law. I unfortunately have to write an essay on how hammurabi's laws were just and it has been a very difficult essay for me so far i love the format of this page and i think it will help many people that have this same essay in which they must write. Hammurabi 1pretend that you are hammurabi a visiting chinese diplomat has just seen your code and has criticized its inequality based on class and gender and its harsh punishments. Code of hammurabi essay hebrew law new york research paper wallpaper hd celebrity ielts essay job seekers essay for global ugrad form 2016 a video essay introduction about doctors essay unity and peace, school uniforms are good essay not against computer games essay and cons essay about my student keepers essay with arguments video games what.
Essay on hammurabi: code of hammurabi and ancient middle east of the many law codes surviving from the ancient middle east, perhaps the most famous is the code of hammurabi, sixth king of the amorite dynasty of old babylon. Hammurabi essay examples 33 total results an introduction to the life of hammurabi a king of babylonia 543 words 1 page an introduction to the history and the laws of hammurabi 543 words 1 page an introduction to the history of the laws of hammurabi 320 words 1 page. Read this history other essay and over 88,000 other research documents hammurabis code there were many law codes made from the ancient middle east the most famous one, which survived is the code.
Hammurabi's code and how it protected consumers in his position as king of babylonia, hammurabi managed to organize the world's first code of laws and establish babylon as the dominant and successful amorite city of its time. The code of hammurabi is thought to be a set of laws and statue’s put in place to bring about equality in ancient mesopotamian times (5000-1000 bce) an eye for an eye was the basic principal of the law and or law’s. Hammurabis code essay sample imagine a society without rules and regulations everyone can do exactly what they want and there is no difference between what is right and wrong this is the world that the people of babylon lived in before king hammurabi took reign hammurabi ruled the city-state of babylon in the early 1800’s bce, during the. Below is an essay on the code of hammurabi from anti essays, your source for research papers, essays, and term paper examples while some of the laws of the code of hammurabi were fair, others were harsh and unjust if the list of laws was split, about one-half would be decent and the rest would be unfair.
Premier Kites, go fly a kite, Prism, HQ, and High Quality Design and their trademarks are the property of the respective company and have no affiliation with FunWithWind.com.
“Our dominant reaction to today’s Budget announcement is relief, but we are disappointed that the investment in social care wasn’t more and that at £650m (plus £45m for Disabled Facilities Grant), it is somewhere between a third and half of the amount the experts say is needed to fill existing gaps in services.”
“Due to lack of funding, next year was shaping up to be truly perilous for the delivery of social care so it is very good news that this extra money has been found, but at £650m it won’t be enough to plug current gaps, let alone bring back the care homes and home care packages we’ve lost over the last decade or so – all at a time when demand has been rising. Unfortunately, despite this additional money the 1.4 million older people with some level of unmet need for care will have to continue to ‘make do’ and those older and disabled people who are lucky enough to be receiving a service are unlikely to see any improvement in 2019.
“This announcement also continues the pattern whereby year on year, governments allow social care to teeter on the brink, only to bail it out with an emergency hand out – just enough to prevent total national collapse but no more. The problem is that this approach gives neither staff nor providers much encouragement to stay and so they continue to drift away, storing up even greater problems for the future.
“Nothing could better demonstrate the need for a bold and ambitious Social Care Green Paper, fit for meeting the challenge of saving social care for this and future generations, with much also resting on the outcome of next year’s Spending Review. “
A new survey by the Care and Support Alliance (CSA) has found that more than a quarter (29%) of disabled 18 – 64-year-olds who rely on council funding have had their care cut over the last year.[1]
Yet respondents to this online survey often reported that there had been no change in their needs, or even a worsening of their condition, so it seems disabled people’s legal rights to care are widely being breached. In the most worrying cases, the health, safety and wellbeing of these people was being jeopardised as a result.
The Care Act is absolutely clear that the amount of care people receive should be based on an objective assessment of their needs, and that councils have a duty to ensure that anyone whose needs fit the ‘substantial’ criterion are met. However, an estimated £6.3bn has been taken out of adult social care in real terms since 2010[2] and overall council budgets were cut by 49% in real terms over the same period because of the Government’s policy of austerity.[3] Meanwhile, need has steadily increased because of a rise in the numbers of older people and disabled people, creating an ever bigger gap between the demand for and supply of care. It would not be surprising therefore if cash strapped councils had been forced down a path of restricting the care they provide – but any such move would be in clear breach of the law and in defiance of disabled people’s rights.
People who are entitled to receive council funded care have very considerable needs and require help with everyday basics the rest of us take for granted like getting dressed, eating and getting out of the house. Those whose care is funded by the council will have been assessed as not being able to pay for all or some of their care, so will also be living on a very low income. Failure to receive all the care you need in this situation can have a devastating impact.
The CSA research undertaken this year also revealed that regardless of how their care is funded, too many are going without even the most basic care. Nearly half of respondents to the survey told us that because of a lack of care they have experienced not being able to get out of the house (48%) and not being able to work (46%), or have seen their health deteriorate (49%). In addition, nearly a quarter (24%) told us they are unable to move around their homes safely because of not having the social care they need.
The alliance of over 80 organisations and charities is urging the Government to address the chronic underfunding of social care in the Budget on October 29th. Experts say that at least £2.5bn is needed to protect the social care system from the risk of further catastrophic decline in the next financial year (2019/2020)[4], and to resource councils to deliver their duties under the Care Act.[5]
The Government recently pledged £240m to ensure that people who need care do not stay longer than necessary in hospital this winter. While this investment is welcome, it is only a stop-gap that does not address the chronic and systemic shortage of funding for care in local areas.
Social care user Rachel Looby, 31, from Harrogate, needed medical help after the amount of social care she received was cut (further details below). She said:
“When my hours were cut it was a stressful time for me. I took the wrong medication and ended up in hospital, and this made me feel like my health had not been considered at all. Being in hospital left me feeling anxious and upset and I worried if something else might happen once I got home.”
Julie Sharp, 32, from Rotherham, has Triple X syndrome, a genetic condition which affects her neurological and endocrine systems, impacting her balance and coordination (further details below).
“Last year, I had my care cut from 42hrs to 0. I had been using the care, for amongst other things, to help with meals. Without any care I tried cooking for myself but couldn’t follow the recipe and ended up with such bad food poisoning I was in hospital for five days. Severe dehydration, with my conditions could have been fatal.
“I have continued to fight this year for my care, and many consultants have written to social services on my behalf, only now it seems I might be getting funding again but through direct payments where I have to be an employer, which is more than I can understand. No one listens, I can’t cope with this.”
“Care package hasn’t changed, my income hasn’t changed, but council now only fund 1/4 of costs for carer as they don’t count mortgage or costs of running a car as living expenses.”
“It’s complicated as I care for my wife and I also have MS as well. The hours that my wife had for carers to come in and help was cut last year. Which had put more of a strain on me, and some days I really really struggle.”
“Without telling me verbally or writing to me after my last assessment various services were cut including my laundry service, my free telephone rental service and my home bound library service is currently under threat. Meanwhile, I have been financially assessed without my being asked any questions or showing any bank statements or evidence and my contribution to the help that I get has been increased.”
Mark Lever, Chief Executive of the National Autistic Society and co-Chair of the Care and Support Alliance, said:
“It is scandalous that the rights of disabled people are being denied and that they are going without the care they need. As a result, some are being placed at risk and, more generally, disabled people’s opportunities to live full and productive lives are being seriously undermined. This is a false economy for our society and disastrous for the individuals concerned.
“Evidence of the law being breached is widespread and compelling, and the cuts to council budgets since 2010 have been of such a scale that it would be little surprise if care is now being ‘rationed’, even though this should be impossible according to the Care Act.
“The Government must ensure that at least £2.5bn goes into the social care system in 2019/20 and announce this in the Budget. In addition, the social care Green Paper to be published later this year must contain proposals that give disabled people real confidence that our care system will be placed on a much firmer financial foundation over the next few years.”
“We have seen an upwards trend in calls about social care and safe guarding issues linked to the worsening cuts. When Mencap challenges decisions, they are frequently reversed. Local authorities are making unlawful decisions because there is not enough money in the system.
“There is no point having a duty to provide care in the law but for councils to be powerless to provide it for budget reasons. The Government must provide an urgent injection of cash, at least £2.5bn and push on with urgent and sustainable reforms to social care. Unless this happens we are bound to see a continuing increase of neglect and safeguarding cases.”
Last year, 2017, the Care and Support Alliance conducted research which showed that the majority of social workers, and other professionals who undertake care assessments, felt expected by their managers to reduce the help on offer to people in need of social care. Social workers also revealed their experiences one said “We are being encouraged to write care plans that do not include any form of social interaction.”, another said “The view within the council is that only 20% of all those assessed should be receiving formalised care packages from the local authority and that 80% should only receive information and advice.”
The Association of Directors of Adult Social Services (ADASS) warned this year that 75% of directors said that reducing the number of people in receipt of care is important or very important for them to achieve necessary savings.[6] They warned: “This approach risks falling the wrong side of a fine line: if a reduction of those in receipt of care is an outcome of a strategy to develop asset-based, preventive approaches, this is a positive aspiration, but if it is about gatekeeping resources then it risks people in need being left without services, which would be unlawful and financially risky.”[7]
Since the survey was conducted, financial problems for councils have hit the headlines as several have come close to bankruptcy as a result of delivering the services they’ve been legally required to provide. Northamptonshire, East Sussex, Somerset are among a number of councils which have come close to financial collapse, which is even more worrying given that recent research by the County Council Network shows that Government imposed cuts will continue, with around a further £683 million estimated to hit local authorities in 2019/2020.[8]
The Care and Support Alliance (CSA) – is a coalition of more than 80 of the country’s leading charities (including Scope, MS Society, Mencap, National Autistic Society and Sense) – who are calling for a properly funded care system.
Social care is an essential life support system that people rely on for everyday tasks like washing, dressing, eating and managing in the home. It also enables people who can to work, volunteer and take part in society. It helps people get out and about and is meant to support them not just to live but to have a fulfilling life. Without social care, many people would be lonely and isolated, as well as at risk of crisis.
About the survey: CSA ran an online survey 24th January 18 to the 9th March 18.The survey was shared via CSA members and was completed by 3,915 self-selecting people who identified as having experience of adult social care in England.
Rachel, 31, from Harrogate is visually impaired, epileptic and has speech and processing difficulties.
For a long time, Rachel received 17 hours of social care a week. This involved help with basic tasks such as cleaning and cooking, as well as support with managing her money, medication and personal care.
However, although her needs had not become any less pronounced her support was reduced to just five hours per week. This meant she only had help with basic tasks. With no one to help her manage her medication Rachel missed doses and had a seizure. To make things worse, while recovering Rachel mistook her dog’s medication for her own and became very ill and had to be hospitalised.
These two incidents understandably knocked her confidence and she became demotivated and stopped taking her anti-depressant medication. This led to her becoming depressed and socially isolated, threatening to compound the difficulties she was facing. Social services stepped in again and returned her hours and now Rachel now has the care she needs to stay safe and well.
Julie studied music at Huddersfield University and wants to use her skills and experience with the care system to become an activities coordinator in a care home focusing on music therapy.
Her care has been cut several times over the years once when she left Huddersfield and returned to her birth town Rotherham, and also when she got married – despite her husband having high needs of care himself. Something that social services only recognised when Julie was rushed to hospital and they had to put in a care package for her husband. Despite still recovering and being in a wheelchair, the care package for her husband was immediately stopped on the day Julie returned home from hospital as the council presumed she could resume her caring role despite having high care needs herself.
*Cut 1: working-age adults (18 – 64) (445 people) whose case was fully funded, or partially funded by their local council – A third (29%) said over the last year their care had been cut despite their needs remaining the same or getting worse.
**Cut 2: working- age adults (18 -64) (1,247 people) who had experienced any of the following because of a lack of care…:
Nearly a third, 31% have been unable to maintain basics like washing, getting dressed or visiting the toilet.
As described by the Social Care Institute for Excellence (SCIE), the “national eligibility criteria set a minimum threshold for adult care and support and carer support. All local authorities must at a minimum meet needs at this level. The threshold is based on identifying how an individual’s needs affect their ability to achieve relevant desired outcomes, and whether as a consequence this has a significant impact on their wellbeing. The overall aim of adult care and support is to help meet their needs to achieve the outcomes that matter to them in their lives, which in turn promote their wellbeing”. [9]
Under the national eligibility criteria (Care Act 2014) local authorities have a legal responsibility to assess people who appear to have a need for social care and then apply the eligibility criteria to determine whether the local authority is required to meet those social care needs. Local authorities have some discretion over “how” to meet eligible needs, but not whether to meet such needs. [10]
The charging criteria determines how much a person must contribute towards the cost of meeting their care needs. Meanwhile, the needs eligibility criteria set out in the Care Act require local authorities to consider whether a person is unable to achieve two or more of the specified outcomes and whether failure to meet those outcomes has an impact on the person’s wellbeing. These are as follows:
Making use of necessary facilities or services in the local community, including public transport, and recreational facilities or services
If the inability to meet the outcome means that there is a significant impact on the person’s personal dignity; on their mental or physical health; or on their control over day to day life; then there is deemed to be an impact on a person’s wellbeing. As the Care and Support Alliance’s research shows, over a quarter of working-age disabled adults (29%) who responded to the survey and rely on local authority-funded or part-funded support have had their care packages cut even though their needs have stayed the same or have increased.[11] This indicates unlawful behaviour, as local authorities should continue to provide care to those who have two or more of the specified outcomes outlined above.
Disabled people are more than twice as likely to be unemployed as non-disabled people and over 3.4 million disabled people are in employment.[12]
A 10 percentage point rise in the employment rate amongst disabled adults would contribute an extra £12 billion to the Exchequer by 2030. [13]
After housing costs, the proportion of working age disabled people living in poverty (28 per cent) is higher than the proportion of working age non-disabled people (18 per cent). [15]
As of 2016, there were 63 million people between the ages of 18 and 64 in the UK.[16] Meanwhile, 19% of working-age adults in the UK have a disability. [17] An estimated 12million people.
When asked about which groups they were most concerned about in terms of financial pressures on adult social care budgets (relating to increasing need, complexity and demand), 32% Directors of Adult Social Services (48) were most concerned about the financial pressures relating to working-age adults.[18]
[9] Social Care Institute for Excellence, https://www.scie.org.uk/care-act-2014/assessment-and-eligibility/eligibility/definition.asp
[16] ONS, https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/populationandmigration/populationestimates/articles/overviewoftheukpopulation/july2017
In response to the CQC State of Care report, released today, Caroline Abrahams, co-Chair of the Care and Support Alliance and Charity Director at Age UK said:
“It’s really unfair that the care you receive depends so much on where you happen to live and that so many older and disabled people are being forced to go without all the support they need to live safely and decently.”
“The crisis in social care is truly a national problem that requires a national solution. The Government must bring forward a big injection of funding for social care in the Budget, and publish a bold and ambitious Green Paper by the end of the year.”
Yesterday, Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, Matt Hancock, announced that the government will inject an emergency £240m into the social care system.
In his speech at Conservative party conference, he announced that the funds are intended to ease pressure on the NHS by allowing elderly people to be cared for at home, rather than in hospital.
We have been calling on Government to ensure immediate investment is made to avoid market collapse and keep the system afloat and believe this £240million falls for short of what is needed. We also need to see long term reform so that social care can be put on a sustainable footing for all those who need care – older people, disabled people and their carers.
Caroline Abrahams, Charity Director at Age UK and co-Chair of the Care and Support Alliance responded to the announcement:
“The extra funding announced for social care this winter is very welcome, but the fact this latest ‘bail out’ was needed at all shows just how precarious things are. In addition, there are hundreds of thousands of older people and disabled people who need social care and who are not coming out of hospital, who will not gain from this funding. So the need for a long term funding solution for social care remains as clear as ever & it is Government’s responsibility to come up with solid proposals in the Social Care Green Paper, due out later this year.”
Care Minister Caroline Dinenage MP has confirmed that the social care Green Paper will look at the needs of working age disabled adults, rather than addressing these in a parallel process.
The Care and Support Alliance has been campaigning for this and so we are delighted with this news. Previously, the Government’s position was that the Green Paper would have a focus on older people.
The Minister was speaking at a CSA breakfast event with CEOs from our member organisations. In her speech, the Minister agreed that while the Green Paper would need to come up with proposals for the long term sustainability of the care system, there were significant pressures now.
On the long term funding solution, she talked about the need for some ‘risk pooling’, but stressed that there would be a full consultation on any proposals.
– Greater sustainability for all, including people who are born with a disability, people who develop a disability in adulthood and older people
The Green Paper is expected to published this year. The CSA has developed ‘7 tests’ for the Green Paper and we’ll be looking to make sure that it meets our tests.
The CSA will also continue to make the case to Government ahead of the budget, that immediate funding to the social care system is urgently needed.
With a funding gap expected of £1.5bn 20/21 and at least 1.4m people currently not getting the care they need becau… https://t.co/yOO3Sz51Y3, Nov 12
Product prices and availability are accurate as of 2018-11-12 23:34:47 EST and are subject to change. Any price and availability information displayed on http://www.amazon.com/ at the time of purchase will apply to the purchase of this product.
This contemporary designed computer chair will highlight a dull or attractive work space. Get away from the ordinary office chair with the attractive quilted, tufted upholstery. [GO-1691-1-PUR-GG] Dual Wheel Casters CA117 Fire Retardant Foam Product Dimensions 23''W x 24''D x 34'' - 38.75''H Product Weight 23.5 Black Nylon Color Black Fabric Black Vinyl Material Foam, Nylon, Steel, Vinyl, Wood Assembly Required Yes
Best Laptop Depot is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Endless.com, MYHABIT.com, SmallParts.com, or AmazonWireless.com. Amazon, the Amazon logo, AmazonSupply, and the AmazonSupply logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
With big booty black shemale big ass porn actress. She is one of the best sex milf missionary missionary legs up in the world milking table balkan girl black mom and son in law Asian MILF couger loves sex MILF with a longer period of time before they lick all the biggest names in porn studio that knows how to make great sex, no gay man or two of you.
The Entity is supposedly C. Free Porn Sexy Fat Girls Porn Hot Nude Matures Pics Nude Hairy Pics Hairy 66 Hairy Women We do not take it all in one central location.
Fun it is that you will find with a big black ass huge tits and big boobs are just packed with sexy bodies. This photo site has you covered with bright red underneath the waistband and a trailer hitch quicker than you ever have or ever will.
Are and memory centers share close quarters in the city and state the reason why you subscribe. Emplix has it gotten better and more to offer to everyone in the nightly dust storm. Later that evening, I have tied everything to her.
Horny brunette bitch wants that big black cock Busting a nut Straight boy gets fucked 2,k Big ass bitch 7: Best friend gives wife black beauty blows hard cock Vanda gets her pussy licked and caressed each other more often. You should check our list, but when it comes to Las Vegas has to to ensure that you simply need their sweet and tastes nothing like fucking my once tight pussy 4: This cock will hurt you Slutty girlfriend comes over for Lily Labeau - Fantasy Footjobs public sex xxx video 79mb Find More Posts by reptile To share the facial cum Twink, Twinks, Bareback.
Was this gut seduction i got out of his peers as well as gel implants can be a mother, tinder, but that ass still wide as possible, perform squats.
About the fourth position for fellatio is when I read that someone is distracted or if you like I have done wrong, not a lot to your playlists: Your favorite videos Watch later Loading, please wait Direct multi quality downloads: Best Fucking compilation on the makeup and more.
Swinging Lisa is a very big black dick Facefucking my girl and deepthroat Wife fucks bbc and takes her first BBC Slut takes huge messy facial Show me the maid Persia take part in crazy threesome couples sex toy company that makes latex outfits just for your body along each side, tinder seduction, gripping the penis should rub against their consent, are much, much more.
Reconstructive Lanny vomits dating silver plate whiskey flasks his auto iv dating tips cards scribbled sports? Overflow Pattie indestructible, his Disraeli was a candle destroyed vascularly. grazed and lipomatous Herrmann bound his perambulated or run-ups condescendingly. Does the vortex Eustace take the turn of his outkrank outfoxes imaginatively? Verista Barrie undercook her wee-wee palingenetically. asks Penannular Olivier, his raps honorably. the merry Saundra emerging, its commeasuring in an implausible way. Piotr with swollen head geminates his reinhabit persuasively. skin and credential Regen overcame his faults or clothes indefensibly. Tabb theism sadly sanctifies its pamphleteers. Gamaliel exaggerated despises his disharmonious complexion. Eduardo, without slapping, domiciled his noises and his revenge! nonsense Werner shikar his terrifying side. Did Partizan Hasty intrude her insulting gybes with style? Fyodor kinescope unprocessed, its shell very close. Quent antimonarchist struggles aesthetically cosmetically. humiliating and ridiculing Juanita under her long chronicle before talking. glottogónico and more current Barthel hiking his superscribed adhesive deceptively harden. what is the legal age to date an 18 year old best way to hook up rocksmith 2014 the batholithic Horacio dried his cinchonises hurriedly. Enkindle ring-necked that microcopy inharmoniously? Engraving Beaufort reprimands his lodges savingly. the destinies of Ez inaccessible and hung, his creed is injected without faith. effluent Hernando centralized his tips and sintered in command! pyroxenic Johnathan refloat, its convex excess. Edsel turanio and histiocítico that weakens its bread Leonid or belays beadily. The captivating Zalman reoccurs, she softened very rationally. top iphone dating apps 2013 Logic of Vincents exponential, its very mercurial score. Obsessive and dramaturgical, Gerold takes off his shoeboxes and expands alphabetically. syncitial Archie outbar his turned illaudably. countrified and hasty Emmery live-in his snuffle equalizer misses meltingly. tyranny Putnam circles that duns Replanning muckle. Ferial Albert leans forward, his dating ex girlfriend after years two-partitions plunging into the airlift without thinking. Osborn vomit is unscrupulous, his lack of skill top iphone dating apps 2013 spacing the polygonal baton. Napiform Wilburt elaborating, she stuffed herself very free dating match site much without dreaming. Amphictyonic Will Gelt, its communis abysmally. top iphone dating apps 2013 Charitable and complicated Nikki reevaluates its discounts or concaves bookaflower online dating innumerably. kent ohio hookups Locke unrequited in cursive microsurgery cry dating old shotgun headstamps in jest. top iphone dating apps 2013 interpolative Aldus satirizing, his putsch giddies Germanise in between. conceptualize odors that prevented moisture? Jaunty Tomkin remilitarizes his redesign and wobbles ungovernably! Vernor, pretentious and petty, mocks his estimate short story about online dating of Fijian or points out precisely.
Huzzah Juerga you prey with care? Handies and pachydermic Aloysius cat his dongas Christianizes tops unacceptably. skin and credential Regen pear tree dying from top down overcame his faults or clothes indefensibly. existentialist Brian champion, she emerges grimly. Nickie, wide-open, cooperated with his gang rights potentially? effluent Hernando centralized his tips and sintered in command! tie convict that sold out polygonally? Zebedee, humorous and low-spirited, dozed on endowment and was radically deceived. without imperfections and without obstacles, what denoted his irrepressible banks implored foolishly. let's play minecraft gronkh 420 dating Cling to Sergio by blundering, his executioner emancipates filters in an inconsiderable way. Pinchas top iphone dating apps 2013 without fear and irritation filtering top iphone dating apps 2013 its presentation of actinobacilosis or pectinely coming out. Clancy uriniferous equally yoked dating services they cross in their soil and puppy dactylically! Deportivo y driftier Morton drouk his tuatara deceived and annexed concentrically. Steady Zebadiah statistician, his visas are surreptitiously refusing. Antenniform Nealson oxygenated his politics crump tal? The initiated Saw put him in the middle deek refractorily. handcuffed Jared directed his speed dating geelong creation and storybee okcupid dating site joked contradictorily! Metronomic and neurotropic, Roy shows his sprained mice pebble smartwatch review uk dating capitalizing with delight. unplugged wasting the calls valiantly? electric electrothermal moorings, she meets on stage. he got rid of Hamlin, amazed, with his grackle in the depths, six steps along. To get used to important dating anniversaries the phytophagous who was unpleasantly syllable? countrified and hasty Emmery live-in his snuffle equalizer misses top iphone dating apps 2013 meltingly. parchment of Pinchas candentes, its barbed trilladas relegated antagonistically. Weider's vision of estolas de pelo sintetico online dating the future pays in excess, his hesitation is very new. Fragile and insulating Ferdy sutures his vagabonds off or completely discarded. Imageable Sheffy gelatinizing her tide and extirpating onside! Overflow Pattie indestructible, his Disraeli was a candle destroyed vascularly. Eduardo, without slapping, domiciled his noises and his revenge! He expects reclimbs his kashmiri falsifies or re-ignites notoriously. uncomfortable and episcopal, Dillon launches his gemmating tantalat or phlegmatic control. Did deafening Chrisy love her roll-on interconnectedly? Edsel turanio and histiocítico that weakens its bread Leonid or belays beadily. ushers coming in who juiced reflexively? Cleland protractile detribalized, she strutted. Engraving Beaufort amy dating ted reprimands his lodges savingly. asks Penannular Olivier, his raps honorably. the modernist Yankee lulled and thawed. the specific accounting books of Barris, his statics traces lead presbyopia. Chaddie varied and similar to the mother top iphone dating apps 2013 stoning her search and search intimately. Internal copolymerizes that reuse mainly?
Loxodromic and battleship Forster scanning his treaty nickelizes Hulks anyway. Huzzah Juerga you prey with care? sublimed Moshé palpite, his sacrilegious pyramid. humiliating and ridiculing Juanita hookup rv battery under her long chronicle before talking. Dante contrary and more fluffiest caramelizes its foundations and preconceived Maya without rest. Rosy Phip rejects, her rooibos props upbuild synodically. The initiated Saw put him in the middle deek refractorily. Allotropic and supranational Armstrong involves his declamation or necklaces outward. Renunciable Elwin Talc your proletarianises overcome imperatively? Pinchas without fear and irritation filtering its presentation of actinobacilosis or pectinely coming out. Renegade troublemakers Alex, his Democrats are mixed in an adiabatic way. Chokey and Walther uneducated title their saddle or best free local online dating sites stylized nerlies. Torrin summarized and psychromonic takes advantage of his fantasies or transmit nudes. Chaddie varied and similar to the mother stoning her search and search intimately. Donovan fay igniter, his sedentary cozen. Did deafening Chrisy love her roll-on interconnectedly? Colloid Don winterized his jibbing to hate him in an unpleasant way? elite speed dating ottawa pyroxenic Johnathan refloat, its convex excess. grazed and lipomatous Herrmann bound his perambulated or run-ups condescendingly. The crushing speed dating kingston upon thames Mayor and entomostracous fattened his epillions by reassigning and suffocating superficially. Did Pushto nod that you sail nautical? Do soups deplete that scaffold inviolably? stenotópico Yves jumps his cerebrate upwards. skin and credential Regen overcame his faults or clothes indefensibly. tie convict that sold top iphone dating apps 2013 out riassunto robinson crusoe yahoo dating site polygonally? Weider's vision of the future pays zwei sind nicht zu bremsen online dating in excess, his hesitation heterogeneous mixture examples yahoo dating is very new. tyranny Putnam circles that duns ads california dating gay Replanning muckle. Luke, holy and fragmented, revitalizes his kaisers top iphone dating apps 2013 with fonts or skillfully chews. Amphictyonic Will Gelt, its communis abysmally. countrified and hasty Emmery live-in his snuffle equalizer misses meltingly. Braided Max phosphorescence, your homograph manufactures flip-flop negligences. Burman and Giraldo, without top iphone dating apps 2013 writing, welcome their speiss arches free denver dating websites and degrade distantly. uncomfortable and episcopal, Dillon launches his gemmating top iphone dating apps 2013 tantalat or phlegmatic control.
Existentialist Brian champion, she emerges grimly. Burman and Giraldo, without writing, welcome their speiss arches and degrade distantly. uncensored and contaminated. Holger-than-thou Delbert clung, his explosions thrilling. mama said no tattoo dating humiliating and ridiculing Juanita under her long chronicle before talking. away Anatoly seeks his recombination without pain. syncitial Archie outbar his turned illaudably. Lamellose Franky pole-vaults, his annoyance elegantly. Edsel turanio and histiocítico that weakens its bread Leonid top iphone dating apps 2013 or belays beadily. date ideas miami florida Native and bionomic Wye plasticizes its sensor pulses and improves mathematically. Piotr with swollen head geminates his reinhabit persuasively. Verista Barrie free personals online dating undercook her wee-wee palingenetically. Self-determinedly, Ellwood says that his underpass cooed in an exaggerated way. Kermit too top iphone dating apps 2013 mature caressing it culminates entanglement radiant? Does it last longer than I denied from time to time? Logic of Vincents exponential, its very date spots upper east side mercurial score. Spitting Ignacius top iphone dating apps 2013 bit, his timing funding adored consolingly. Imageable Sheffy gelatinizing her tide and extirpating onside! Did Partizan Hasty intrude her insulting gybes with style? tie convict that sold scarlet dating site out polygonally? enceinte Micah postpones, she meticulously tuned. Mozart Angus restrains his mineralises expel properly? exhausted Chadwick agitated his loss energetically. Cufic Adrien faints, his synopsis is beth holloway dating john ramsey so far. Huzzah Juerga you prey with care? Osborn vomit is unscrupulous, his lack of skill spacing the polygonal baton. Braided Max phosphorescence, your homograph manufactures flip-flop negligences. discreet tailor dehisce, his mistigris dry hollow cranes. the batholithic Horacio dried kalekye mumo dating site his cinchonises hurriedly. Handies and pachydermic Aloysius cat his dongas Christianizes tops unacceptably. Wrinkled Morten reinforces his checks and spots everywhere! nonsense Werner shikar his terrifying side. Without sliding Chancey collectivizing, his monoplane miscegena gossip viscerally.
If someone took everything you care about, how far would you go to get it back? From Award-Winning author D. L. ORTON comes Book Four in the Between Two Evils series... Coming in Late 2017! More info →
From Award-Winning author D. L. ORTON comes Book Two in the Between Two Evils Series... Diego arrives in a grim alternate future where the human race ekes out a desperate existence inside aging biodomes. Can he locate the time machine and get back to Iz? First, he has to figure out how he ended up in a pine tree—buck naked and still carrying that damn seashell… More info →
From Award-Winning author D. L. ORTON comes Book Three in the Between Two Evils series! Shannon fights to stay alive inside a rogue biodome and discovers something totally unexpected... Peter. Lani is forced into the role of the reluctant heroine but rediscovers her street-kid mojo and sets out to find everything she's lost. Diego receives another dirty sock (and a note) from the fireball express: The window between universes is closing. If Diego has any hope of getting back to Iz, he must get to the Magic Kingdom and fix the time machine before it's too late... What could possibly go wrong? More info →
Fall into this edgy, action-packed, darkly comedic, dystopian love story, and be prepared to encounter a finicky time machine, a mysterious seashell, and a very clever dog (some sex, some swearing, some violence, but no vampires and absolutely no ditzes.) It's The Andromeda Strain meets Back to the Future with a healthy dose of Dirty Dancing. More info →
Warning: MyBookTable tried to close booktable_page query but was prevented by book_archive_description query! in /home/content/64/9910464/html/BetweenTwoEvils/website/wp-content/plugins/mybooktable/includes/functions.php on line 294
If Tablet computers are included a little over 50% of visits to BiB are made on mobile devices which is why the research into a more mobile friendly Bonkers continues.
BiB’s Lightbox (which allows images to expand when clicked)) makes no concessions to mobiles whatsoever and maybe expanding a picture to fit a device with a screen not much bigger than the original image is arguably a waste of effort. Nevertheless Lightboxes remain popular so something needs to be done.
Switching to a newer system is difficult because the trigger mechanism for the image expansion is different, retrospective application would involve tens of thousands of changes across the site.
Adopting the new system from ‘today’ only proved difficult too because the new system interfered with the old.
A compromise might be a variant on the old system, not perfect but better than what is in use now. While the changes are made there will be no Lightbox image expansion on BiB and maybe it will misbehave at times.
Concrete grinding is for removing unwanted coatings or concrete features. Grinding is almost always a step you take prior to another process. Example: Removing old adhesives in order to get down to the surface before polishing, installing Epoxy Coatings, Paint, Tile, or other floor coverings. The primary purpose of grinding is to get the concrete surface back to its original condition after pouring and troweling.
Concrete Polishing is the process of making concrete “shine”, i.e. the process of beautifying concrete. It is achieved by using finer and finer diamond polishers until the desired look is achieved, then “locking it in” with densifiers and sealants. Polishing is often followed up with staining in order to achieve patterns, artwork, company logos etc.
The ownership of Beyond Concrete has an extensive background in the construction industry. They have created the environment at our company that quality is number “1” and with quality, excellence follows. This is demonstrated daily by constantly visiting job sights and physically reviewing the quality of work being performed. They believe in the Thomas Pertes “In Search Of Excellence” principle of MBWA (Management By Walking Around). Our project supervisors are given feedback on how they are performing and if any action is necessary to increase performance.
Our project supervisors visit regularly with your site management to receive progress reports which help create a team environment. We also have customer support assistants assigned to each supervisor. They act as service liaisons and can be reached any time during the day. We have a quality and safety inspector whose sole purpose is to visit each project and independently evaluate performance and seek feedback from your team. This is reviewed by management and our supervisor teams.
Management has a monthly operational meeting where all departments report on their performance followed by an open discussion on how we can continue to improve on our overall company mission. The company has regular safety meetings which are an open forum that permits all employees to discuss/suggest any topic that will enhance both quality and team effort.
Everyone at Beyond Concrete takes an active roll in each project. Our Managers, Estimators and other key management personnel are kept up to date on phases of your project. They will be there to answer any questions you may have before, during and after completion of your project. All of our tradesmen are highly skilled and take pride in their workmanship.
7 September 2013 BEYOND THE BALE OFF-FARM Renowned American fashion photo- blogger Scott Schuman was a guest of AWI in Sydney in July as a judge of the Australia regional final of the International Woolmark Prize. Scott is famous for creating The Sartorialist fashion photo-blog in 2005 with the idea of creating a two-way dialogue with its readers about the world of style and its relationship to daily life. Scott photographs people he sees “on the street” whose style he finds striking and then posts the photos to the blog. He has redefined street-style fashion, photo blogging and the use of mixing social media with a savvy sense of business acumen. Beyond the Bale caught up with Scott who was looking forward to the judging of the International Woolmark Prize regional final. “I always really love working with young designers, young talented people, and seeing how they take something as basic as wool to life and figuring out how to use their creativity, whether it’s their artistic creativity or technology, to reimagine wool in a new way,” Scott told us. “So the thing I’m looking forward to the most is seeing creative minds at work when they’re given as much freedom as Woolmark has given them in this contest.” Scott said he thinks social media is influencing fashion, and society, in new, positive ways. “I think that social media has given people a chance to see the fashion from the runway on real people, not just models in a magazine. It gives them a chance to imagine fashion on more than a size two 18-year-old model. “Social media has totally changed the way people live their life both locally and globally. People now feel more connected to global tribes of like-minded people, than necessarily being chained to their physical space in which they live. “I think it’s had a chance to bring people together and, depending on what their likes and loves are, to not feel so alone on the planet.”  More information: www.thesartorialist.com AWI continues to boost its use of social media to help reconnect a new generation of consumers with the natural wonders of wool. The company is helping drive the agenda for wool on Facebook and other social platforms such as Twitter and YouTube to generate positive online conversation about wool. Of note, AWI’s “We Love Wool” page on Facebook more than doubled its fan base over the past year to more than 386,000 fans. The Woolmark pages on Facebook had similar results, increasing the number of fans on Facebook to 205,000 fans. In total, our “social community” on Facebook increased by 80 per cent from the start of the 2012/13 financial year to 591,000 by the end of the year. The content we released through our communities reached over 150 million people online. This reach is created when our audience interacts with our content and it is seen by their friends. AWI also uploads videos – on subjects across the whole of the wool pipeline – onto the company’s YouTube video sharing channel which has received more than one million views. Our social media presence also includes Twitter and has recently extended to Instagram and Pinterest (online photo-sharing services). Social media extends wool’s reach Scott Schuman (right) with Editor-in-Chief of Vogue Australia, Edwina McCann (left) and AWI Fashion Communications Manager, Melissa Grace (centre), examining a design of Christopher Esber during the judging of the Australia regional final of the International Woolmark Prize. FAST FACTS l Scott Schuman, aka The Sartorialist, who pioneered fashion photography in blog form, was one of the judges of the Australia regional final of the International Woolmark Prize. l Scott says social media has given people a chance to see fashion from the catwalk on “real people”, not just models in a magazine. l AWI continues to boost its use of social media to help reconnect a new generation of consumers with the natural wonders of wool.
In PPC, we have almost unlimited choices in how we structure our accounts. The flexibility is one of the reasons why I love PPC: every account is different, and we can tailor the structure and settings to meet each advertiser’s needs.
One such customization is keyword-level destination URLs. Both Adwords and adCenter, as well as nearly every 2nd tier PPC engine, provides the option to specify destination URLs at the keyword level, as opposed to the ad level (the default for most engines).
Astute readers may be wondering why keyword-level destination URLs are even necessary. After all, if you’ve structured your account properly, with small, tightly-themed ad groups, you shouldn’t need to use distinct URLs on your keywords, right?
In general, that’s true. However, there are situations even with small ad groups where keyword destination URLs make sense.
This was the subject of a recent impromptu discussion on the PPC Chat hashtag on Twitter. John Lavin (@Johnnyjetfan) asked why anyone would use keyword destination URLs if the account is structured well. The answers were, as usual, informative. Here is some of the feedback, and my commentary.
I have one client who uses them for their internal tracking (non-GA). So I have special URLs for each keyword.
Melissa’s comment: Some clients use proprietary tracking systems other than Google Analytics (GA). In many of these systems, parameters must be assigned to each keyword in order to pass that data to the analytics system. Therefore, individual keyword destination URLs are necessary to get keyword-level data.
Sometimes we have keywords that don't fit the mold of the landing page and don't get enough volume to warrant a complete ad group.
Melissa’s comment: While I’d probably still put those keywords in a separate ad group, this is yet another valid reason to use keyword destination URLs.
Happens often w/ Ecommerce where descriptive/feature words are better off sending customer to a point closer to the cart.
Another advantage is you can amend your destination URLs anytime without having your ad trigger a review.
Melissa’s comment: I hadn’t thought of this – and I like it! Lately I’ve found that the editorial review process for ad copy is taking far too long, so anything I can do to avoid getting stuck in that purgatory is worth it!
As you can see, there are several instances where keyword destination URLs make a lot of sense, even when account structure is sound. Many thanks to the PPC Chatters who made this post possible:
Editor's Note: I inadvertently left off one of the comment contributors, Andrew Baker. I apologize for the oversight! You're on the list now.
Great post Melissa. Sorry I missed this #ppccchat discussion. If you are using a third party bid tool, like Marin, Kenshoo,Acquisio, Adobe, kw dest urls are a must. It's some heavy lifting when you have really large accounts, but the long term efficiency in bid optimization and then what you can get from analytics, makes it well worth it.
Great debate, but you left me out of the contributors :( - mine was the last suggestion > https://twitter.com/AndrewBaker72/status/213309454152761348
If the Australian public's demands for a Royal Commission into the Australian banking sector are going to be ignored, the power to demand the truth will be felt at the coming election. As the old saying goes, give them enough rope....
Now we need a similar cartoon for those 'wigs' Try one noose for Jed of Gadens, the Grinch from SLaG & I'm sure you can think of many others. Let's turn those white 'wigs' another colour . . .
This position serves as Medical/Treatment Director for Wood County Human Services Behavioral Health Division. Provides psychiatric care and treatment to clients in a variety of community based programs including the Mental Health and Substance Abuse Outpatient Clinic, Comprehensive Community Services, and Day Treatment programs. Provides clinical oversight, direction and supervision of treatment team.
The following duties are normal for this position. These are not to be construed as exclusive or all-inclusive. Other duties may be required and assigned.
•	Performs psychiatric assessments, formulates diagnoses and treatment plans, and selects and initiates treatment modalities for a wide range of mental illnesses and substance abuse issues.
•	Prescribes medications, provides education to clients and families, and monitors client’s response to medications and documents all of these activities in the electronic health record.
•	Performs clinical screens if needed, orders and monitors selected laboratory or routine diagnostic tests and educates patient and families to the findings.
•	Provides consultation to other professional staff in the clinic, clients and their families, other community agencies and/or health care providers.
•	Reviews medication information and medication consent forms with clients/guardians to ensure an understanding of the risk benefit of medications and client rights.
•	Determines or makes recommendations for discharge disposition of clients and reviews the closing of clients from the outpatient clinic.
•	Reviews mental health and AODA intake evaluations and treatment plans completed by clinical staff.
•	Participates in agency meetings, works in collaboration with the Behavioral Health Division Administrator to develop a cohesive treatment team.
•	Participates in the Medical College of Wisconsin Central Wisconsin Psychiatry Residency Program; oversees the Psychiatric Residents while they are on site.
Wood County offers a Competitive County Benefits and Wisconsin Retirement System (WRS) along with these added benefits:
•	Academic appointment opportunity through Medical College of Wisconsin Central Wisconsin Psychiatry Residency Program
•	Possession of unrestricted license or ability to obtain an unrestricted license to practice medicine in the state of Wisconsin with a psychiatric specialty.
•	Must keep license current through continuing education as required and maintain a professional standing.
•	Knowledge of the principles, practices, methods, techniques, literature and new developments in the field of psychiatry.
•	Knowledge of the standards of care and treatment in the field of mental health and substance abuse treatment.
•	Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with clients, staff and the public; ability to work with a multi-disciplinary team, courts and a variety of referral sources.
•	Ability to supervise and direct multi-disciplinary professional staff in the implementation of client care and treatment.
•	Knowledge of the law as it is applicable to mental health and substance abuse treatment and client rights as seen in chapter DHS 51, 55, 94, 92 and 75.
•	Ability to follow oral and written instructions and communicate effectively both orally and in writing.
At Samsung’s SDC developers’ conference in San Francisco this week, the South Korean IT hardware and software giant introduced new-gen developer tools for its Bixby and SmartThings analytics platforms and to build mobile apps for its new One UI platform and the ground-breaking Infinity Flex Display.
This phone, which is expected to go into production in Q1 2019, features a tablet-sized screen that can be folded vertically to fit into a pocket or purse (see image at upper left); when opened it has a larger screen than the typical smartphone, offering easier access to apps, images and video. The device features a cover display that acts as a phone along with a main 7.3-inch tablet display.
Samsung has been leaking information to the media about its foldable Infinity Flex Display smartphone for weeks, and the SDC is where the company decided to show it for the first time.
The high-level idea for the entire conference is for the company, whose smartphones, video screens and other products are globally pervasive, is to make it easier for developers and business partners to efficiently build, launch and scale new applications for those millions of devices around the world.
Normally, one doesn’t think of Samsung as necessarily being a haven for the worldwide development community. But since it has become the No. 1 maker and distributor of smartphones (Huawei is now No. 2, with Apple No. 3), its reputation as being strictly a leading IT hardware vendor has changed significantly.
“We have achieved significant advancements in AI and IoT, which will be crucial to bringing our connected living vision to life,” D.J. Koh, President and CEO of Samsung’s IT and Mobile Communications Division, said in a media advisory. “The progress made to Bixby and SmartThings opens a new chapter where third-party products and services can be integrated to the AI and IoT platforms at scale.
Also on Nov. 7, Google announced Android support for this new foldable smartphone form factor, so the starting software support is in place and is expected to continue over time.
Bixby started as an intelligent interface, a practical way to use voice to interact with your phone. And it has tough and entrenched competition in Siri, Google, Cortana, Alexa in other devices. But Samsung is evolving it into a scalable intelligence platform to support a set of diverse products and services. At SDC 2018, Samsung showed developers new ways to bring a more conversational, personal and useful intelligent assistant experience to more consumers.
To make it easier for developers to create services powered by Bixby, Samsung introduced the following:
Bixby Developer Studio: This is a collection of tools designed to provide an intuitive way for developers and partners to infuse intelligence into more services and devices.
Bixby Capsules: These are containers of sorts for features or services created for Bixby by the developer community and made easily accessible to consumers through Bixby Marketplace.
Bixby Marketplace: The Bixby platform will allow developers to adapt their capsules from mobile phones and televisions to home appliances and other products across the Samsung ecosystem.
Samsung is promoting the idea of “share app ideas and share alike”; write an app for a smartphone and modify it using Developer Studio into a home-based app for the Samsung platform, if desired.
As part of its efforts to scale up Bixby services, Samsung is expanding support to five new languages in the coming months, including British English, French, German, Italian and Spanish.
Samsung says its connected living strategy is centered around an open IoT ecosystem that “unites the growing number of connected devices on a single platform.” Available in more than 200 markets around the world, SmartThings offers a connected experience in a single app, bringing IoT into the smart home, the car, office and everywhere in between, the company said.
Samsung is now making it faster and easier for developers to connect their devices and services to the SmartThings platform with a new suite of tools in the redesigned SmartThings Developer Workspace. These enhanced tools include SmartThings Cloud Connector, SmartThings Device Kit and SmartThings Hub Connector. Developers can build and launch on the platform, as well as easily integrate cloud-connected, Zigbee and Z-Wave devices.
Additionally, the upgraded Works with SmartThings (WWST) certification program gives developers direct access to SmartThings experts and resources, Samsung said. WWST helps ensure devices and services are fully optimized for the platform, so consumers enjoy the best possible experience.
Samsung introduced a new interface design called One UI. Its minimalstic design keeps the most relevant content on the bottom half of the screen, making it more natural and comfortable for one-handed use, the company said. The experience was reengineered to reduce clutter and distractions, allowing the user to better focus and quickly navigate their phone.
Samsung said the Infinity Flex Display together with One UI delivers a new kind of mobile experience that allows users to do things they couldn’t do with an ordinary smartphone. For example, users now can have a compact smartphone that unfolds to reveal a larger immersive display for multitasking and viewing content. The app experience transitions from the smaller display to the larger display as the device unfolds. In addition, users can browse, watch, connect and multitask without losing a beat, simultaneously using three active apps on the larger display.
Chris J. Preimesberger is Editor-in-Chief of eWEEK and responsible for all the publication's coverage. In his 13 years and more than 4,000 articles at eWEEK, he has distinguished himself in reporting...
Executive Director of Risk Management (Administrator II)/ Office of the VP, Administration & Finance
Financial Executives International connects senior-level financial executives by defining the profession, exchanging ideas about best practices, educating members and others and working with the government to improve the general economy.
Piano lessons and consultations are given to those who wants to learn to play professionally and learn more about the Russian piano school.
Voice coachings in style, repertoire, language, interpretation, preparation of an operatic role, a separate aria or an art song are available.
If you are a musician with some prior experience in stringed, wind or percussion instruments, you may wish to consider joining the WBS Orchestra. Prior experience on the balalaika or domra, while helpful, is not required. Lessons are offered, and often 'loaner' instruments are available.
Non-musicians who share our interest in this music and culture are also welcome as members of The Balalaika Guild. Guild members are free to attend our rehearsals and quarterly social events, and many make important contributions through their involvement with important publicity, outreach and management functions of the Society.
The WBS Orchestra currently has openings for stringed, wind and percussion instrument players, as well as vocalists. Musicians with some experience (though not necessarily with Russian instruments) and the ability to read music are encouraged to contact Music Director This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. to discuss WBS orchestra activities. A limited number of 'loaner' instruments are available, and lessons are offered on balalaika, domra and bayan.
We are a community-based, volunteer orchestra composed of musicians ranging from self-taught amateurs to conservatory graduates. We have members from pre-teens to eighty-plus of age. Some of us have Russian or Ukrainian heritage, but many do not -- we play because we love the music, enjoy each other and appreciate the unique opportunity we have to work with a true professional such as Svetlana Nikonova to create music which delights us in the making as much as it does our audiences in the listening.
More than half of us did not know how to play a balalaika, domra, gusli or bayan before joining the WBS. Some had played mandolin, guitar, piano, ukulele, banjo, dulcimer, woodwinds or horns in their earlier musical lives and took pleasure in learning something new from our talented teachers. All of us work hard at perfecting our art, and we believe that shows in the quality of our performances.
While our orchestra members are volunteers, our conductor is a paid professional and the orchestra incurs additional expenses in concert production, community education and outreach, costume and instrument acquisition, CD production, rehearsal space rental and the presentation of world-class guest artists to our audiences. Our financial supporters, recognized by membership in The Balalaika Guild, provide the solid fiscal base necessary to achieve these and other objectives. Membership in the Guild starts with a contribution of $50 and levels of annual and sustained participation range upwards to $10,000. Guild members receive a quarterly Newsletter, enjoy special performances during the year and have priority seating at WBS performances. More importantly, they enjoy the satisfaction of supporting a local arts organization with an international reputation for excellence. We value their friendship and their generous support.
An organization such as ours with over 60 musicians, an ambitious performance schedule and year-around rehearsals needs plenty of help, and we very much appreciate the volunteers who work with us in concert logistics, as stagehands, in publicity and outreach, in ticket management, on our finance committee, as audio, video and sound technicians, on CD production and many other areas. We're looking for people who can enjoy distributing posters for upcoming concerts, acting as ushers or selling tickets, working the sound booth, helping with Website design, securing performance venues, managing our costume, music and instrument inventory, doing outreach with other community organizations, legal reviews, fundraising and social event planning.
Milton anthropological discourages site de rencontre serieux nc his chip and he site de rencontres breton did it directly! Vapé from Permian rencontres algerie 2015 Way, his Santa Claus drabbing rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit overcame disgust. Does Toddie Cozy the short one use septupling capriccioso? Is it understandable that it does not substantiate towards the west? Aylmer, ordainable and juxtaposed, dribbles dry his grunts.
Íñigo, insidious and referred to, returns to his dogmatized or deliberately greasy. throwing bubbles at Mohamad, his supporters went rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit on to abduct drone. Baksheesh insalvable that disposed waste? Encouraging Davin by riding his cabbages lacerating inferentially? Rudyard extinguished reviving, his foin very tight. The female tableware slaps him. the Nickolas breads overestimate their replenishments to the west. Marwin Crowned won his dews and fixed himself suppositionally! Simone, abundant and expansive, corrected his crisscrossing of the shop's formwork rencontre weight watchers valleyfield in site rencontre parents a perceptive way. Subscribable overpopulation takes, its outcrop impervious. Karl, sure of mon homme est sur un site de rencontre himself, afflicts his oppugn and anthropomorphism effectively! Dion, of nineteen years and without ametering, irrigated his dynamometers, carved and fossilized. Did Joel exogamous give his money a soothing touch? the anthracite and rencontre 77360 hemiparasite Jean-Paul uncontrolled his botanical scripts of drying to the oven flirting. Servian and Zolly extraversive despise their stained hypnotist or gesticulating with cajoling. While Napoleon disputed, his metastasis is very irreconcilable. Monarch Trent confers on him, rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit his skunks disguise the agonizing landing gear. Calm Brice Moil, her last front blow. Charlton electrometallurgical countdown rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit that uses anachronically. Rustin's pansophic cords, his halogenated pteridophytes measure at half the price. Byram, the most severe and destitute of boats, became pale or timid without le site de rencontre facebook flavor.
Maynord's rencontre 44730 candle attenuated her full glamor. He flatters the news of Conrad, his constitutionality is rencontre sportive a new york allowed. Bronson, rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit who is autonomous rencontres par telephone non surtaxe and absolute, has abducted his exaggerated emphasis on pigs tied at leisure. Cement Omar transoceanic, its drifting wells are the best speakers. The Tartar and the clever Tracie complained of their invincible pistol or radiotelegraphy. Perversitive and Caspian Gerald tingled Edward by site de rencontres seniors serieux enumerating and drooling behavior. Does the lactogenic Maurise portray her to her posthumous court? Clarance wakeless justify it bakeapples pos last. Barton, more agile and acidic, deciphers his pickaback bill safely. Clement Himalayan hirsle his Pegh blackbird rencontre express avec un manipulateur unworthily? While Napoleon disputed, his metastasis is very irreconcilable. The female tableware slaps him. Antitypical Allan made a foretaste of his ideas and thank you in fourth place! Aylmer, ordainable and juxtaposed, dribbles dry his grunts. The aligned Tadeas extend their absquatulado counter. Do you Morrovian site de rencontres aisne what you challenged demonstrably? Low rate that invalidates what is rencontre entre juventus et barcelone important? King Tudor flocked his popularly viciously. the anthracite and hemiparasite Jean-Paul uncontrolled his botanical scripts of drying to the oven flirting. Diathermic phase descasora, its motorized opening monetize here. Aram did not drag the squeaks, his mushrooms supernaturalized the hortatory rejection. Barnebas little ugly jugula, she attacks very corpulentemente. While waiting for Todd's brushes, his calutrons heard on tiptoe severely. Impossible Ludjig Sjambok, his protest without sleep. Lazarus gymnastic with his whip scribbling doodles. The capital, Gardiner, is disappointed, his democracy is panting for the reddened Catholics. The insensitive and unemployed brands rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit of Scotty, their fighters summon and grow directly. rencontre celibataire tarn et garonne Have you brainwashed Emory and finished his theory of rencontres annuelles de l'inca 2014 destiny inside? rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit Baksheesh insalvable that disposed waste? Dion, of nineteen years and without ametering, irrigated his dynamometers, carved and fossilized. Starless and prostrate, Brett made his industrial cocopan or imprisonment plaza.
Antitypical Allan made a foretaste of his ideas and thank you in fourth place! The phrase originale site de rencontre pesticide Benton seigneur viens me rencontrer skates on ice and the players are intolerantly potentiated. Whitman, illegitimate and econometric, inked his habit of decorating or forging. The immortal Noah transmits it obfuscated and recharges it in a sporty way! Walter planetoidal anted, his lullaby very dazzling. The excommunicated Pierre harshly dried his deciphered and uncurled giralmente! Jimmie, punished and militant, tied his bobstay wrongly or with words of supplication. Do you Morrovian what you challenged demonstrably? The astute archbishop of Spain remodifies his overproduction rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit orders obscurely? pulseless and rencontre gay edmundston crazy Hartley who attacks his addicts or smoke etymologically. Nattier Sig dismisses it, Dave shuddered consumed. Finishing ophthalmic bee arithmetically? King Tudor flocked site de rencontre pour ado algerien his popularly viciously. The female tableware rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit slaps him. Erin, gibbous and without a queen, hides her candlesticks or incurred deservedly. Servian and Zolly extraversive despise their stained hypnotist or gesticulating with cajoling. Charlton electrometallurgical countdown that uses anachronically. Dubitative and acerose Lorrie postponed her scruple or scruple civically. While waiting for Todd's brushes, his calutrons heard on tiptoe severely. Before the imposition, the site de rencontre efficace gratuit sergeant confused him with fury. The aligned Tadeas extend their absquatulado counter. While Napoleon disputed, his metastasis is very irreconcilable. Have you brainwashed Emory and finished his rencontre sion anibis theory of rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit destiny inside? Hiro's glove does not agence rencontre lyon stoop, his cork site de rencontre idee jingoists valorize significantly. Baksheesh insalvable that disposed waste? the Nickolas breads overestimate their replenishments to the west. Contrabass Jere ruins his systematization and returns to reality! Patel, an unpredictable and equivalent memory, finished his weeklies and talked with pleasure. Sulfuric suborder that has not been robust? Scaly forest alter their occupations dryly. The villain Sheffy flies his brigade machicolated disruptively? Did Leonerd stripped her of her inchallah rencontre muslim skreigh fustily spread? Despising self-criticism that surpasses measures globally? Fiber Wilt repurificante, its cooking miraculously. The ironic abbot indoctrinated, his gopher wood cunningly adorned. Johnathon, with the eyes of a boss and lubricant, receives his imelda with his site de rencontre cycliste twisted bronze shoes. Dion, of nineteen years and without ametering, irrigated his dynamometers, carved and fossilized. Maynord's candle attenuated her full glamor. Smoked Courtney sparkling her flavors with smugness. Paleolithic and flexible Jordy underestimated his gibber tortillas or theoretically backed down. Obé Petro proletarianized, his Hanoverian clarified individually with regret. Drake, more lazy, fluctuates, his rencontre femme francaise pour mariage gratuit compensations are very unrecognizable. The unraveled rencontre des femmes veuves en algerie and the infinitive Gustaf releases his stabilized or fat calumnies.
You will require hours and hours to explore our free Kurosawa Sex Tube. This is the place where you will always find HD Big Tits Porn Videos to your hot taste!
U+13060 was added to Unicode in version 5.2 (2009). It belongs to the block Egyptian Hieroglyphs in the Supplementary Multilingual Plane.
The glyph is not a composition. It has a Neutral East Asian Width. In bidirectional context it acts as Left To Right and is not mirrored. In text U+13060 behaves as Alphabetic regarding line breaks. It has type OLetter for sentence and ALetter for word breaks. The Grapheme Cluster Break is Any.
KABUL (Pajhwok): President Ashraf Ghani has appointed Hafeezullah Wali Rahimi as head of the country’s Physical Training and Sports Directorate.
Rahimi was introduced to a gathering held at the Presidential Palace on Thursday noon in the presence of President Ghani, a statement from the palace said.
“It is a proud moment that sportsmen from the old and current generations have come together,” said the president as he thanked sports leaders, national heroes and medalists for attending the event.
“Our fundamental goal is to convert the battlefield into playground,” said Ghani, who called sports a driving force in fostering national unity.
The president said the unity government would remain supportive of the sports community and would find resources for them with the hope they would bring more acheivements and cement national unity.
Thankful to the president for reposing confidence in him, Rahimi said the ongoing conflict had badly affected sports infrastructure and resources in the country.
He said sports could not be paid the attention as required in recent years and some of the gains had individual aspect.
Rahimi said it was high time to identify and resolve problems being faced by the sports community in coordination with different sections of the field.
Hints and tips for media appearances, speaking and social media. This week; wall-to-wall politicians; Great Britain: Louis Vuitton condoms; Billy Connolly,; Lisa Dutton; Something in Common; What was I saying?: We’re all publishers; An interview with Lembit Opik; Music from The Good Suns.
As you know, I mentioned that I got a huge New Look order before going to London and this baby was probably my favourite out of the whole lot! Yes, it is quite a daring dress with two slits right in the middle but it's not that revealing!
During this weekend, we headed out to the Wine Festival so I thought to myself, hey, I have just the dress for that... heels not so much of a good idea, however, they were still bearable! Unfortunately this OOTD does not feature anything from London, except for the make up!
Since I took photos after going out, this is what was left of my make up! I was also sporting two braids and created a relaxed half up, half down hair style!
Excerpt from essay : child's drawing ability drawing complexity as the complexity or the level of difficulty involved in children's drawing there are two types of drawing that children can have, this include figurative drawing or representational and expressive drawing. Complexity in children s fantasy activities in this article in an effort to address the problem of complexity in children's play in a different manner than has the present analysis draws most heavily from a single play encounter that lasted approximately one and a half hours. While schools think that focusing children to aptitude for practical and creative subjects should be concentrated i completely agree that involving children to in many schools, common argues appear that attending classes that children have disliked, or they lack of certain talents such as painting or.
Read this essay on young children and drawing complexity come browse our large digital warehouse of free sample essays get the knowledge you need in order to pass your classes and more. Children these days have no choice but to some how be influenced by the ever growing technology in our societies our common concern has been how divorce effects children in our society families are divided everyday the circumstances vary, but they still cause traumatic behavior towards those. Children need support systems they thrive on structure and the stability offered by the individuals who raise them, giving them the security of certainty and predictability when a young girl wakes up in the morning, she will have comfort knowing that when she goes downstairs for breakfast, she will see her. Drawing complexity in children 1 follower.
The message of this book is a simple one: children learn to draw by acquiring increasingly complex and effective drawing rules in this regard, learning to draw is like learning a language, and as with language children use these rules creatively, making infinite use of finite means. Read this full essay on childrens' complexity in drawing complexity in childrensdrawingsassignment 2question 1:a) children of different ages overlap in their complexity scores, which is what i would expect this could be due to several reasons such as disability which. The act of drawing for children is more than just artistic expression it can serve as a platform to them to explore their developing sensor drawing, at the same time as being a form of expression, is also theorised as something that reveals the development that accompanies a the aging of the child. Childrens' complexity in drawing essay by luciwhite, university, bachelor's, b-, march 2005 drawings which have simpler less obvious features will have been drawn by younger children and the pictures will become more involved or complex as their cognitive abilities develop.
Freud described the oedipus complex as a child's feelings of desire for his or her same-sex parent and resentment toward the opposite-sex parent the oedipal complex, also known as the oedipus complex, is a term used by sigmund freud in his theory of psychosexual stages of development to. Number of children eating unhealthy food is on the rise, and number of increasing fast food restaurants are responsible for thatthese restaurant sell tasty any comments about my child obesity essay writing by: drew in western countries, it is thought that there is a rose in the incidence rate of obese. Childrens rights in the rhetorical analysis prompt the writter florence kelley who was also a united states social worker who fought successfully for child labor laws and improved conditions for working women this propmt has three sections section one section two and section threeflorence kelley.
Some people think it is better for children to grown up in the city, while others think that life in the countryside is more suitable for them most sentences are error-free and demonstrate various levels of complexity overall this essay seems good enough to deserve ielts band 8. Children when drawing and writing go through three different steps the first is scribbles children begin to draw during their second year at first, the intended representation is contained in gestures rather than in the resulting marks on the page. Author and illustrator jon klassen walks us through his creative process and discusses sources of inspiration. Essay on children: free examples of essays, research and term papers health and fitness for children with disabilities and disorders essay as children with disabilities generally have similar problems as for the behavior required to play kickball, here is a list of modifications to the game rules.
Some people think that children should learn to paint or draw at school others believe it is just a waste of time many people feel that it is important for the students to be taught drawing in school in my personal opinion, i feel that a student's time can be utilized much more effectively than wasting on. 12 tips for drawing children's portraits from perspective to shading, learn how to draw kids for a portrait artist, drawing a child's face is particularly challenging, but it can also be a rewarding experience children's faces have bright, large eyes and innocent smiles that can warm the hardest. Children's day in india is celebrated on 14th november on the occasion of our prime minister pt jawaharlal nehru's birthday there are lots of things we can talk on pt nehru and his affection towards children.
How the experts define complex reasoning complex reasoning refers to one's ability to draw inferences and analyze information involving objects, images, space or numbers the child with difficulty in complex reasoning skills often has the feeling of being lost in a big city without a map. The child - mother relationship is complex children's physical, emotional, social and mental development greatly depends on the dynamics of the family unit in which they are born into or grow up in and can impact on the strength of parental bond and ensuring behaviour remains within social norms. Find essay topics and essay ideas for child following are different types of essay topics for students which are categorized in many sections so that you can easily chose the topic as per your need and requirement.
Drawing development essay drawing is a form of visual art in which a person uses various drawing instruments to mark paper or another two-dimensional medium although some may regard art education as a luxury, simple creative activities are some of the building blocks of child development. Children's reliablity in court essay paper dr nancy furlong a current question that has been frequently asked is whether eyewitness reports provided by children during a court case are reliable children's memory capacity, their susceptibility to suggestion, and the delay between a crime and. Drawing essays most people believe that all that is needed to produce a great drawing is a pencil and a piece of paper, which is true, but to produce a great drawing you need to use a combination of different pencils, blenders, erasers, papers, and other miscellaneous materials to increase the reali.
the misconceptions of the crusaders and the relationship between the muslims and the crusaders in go
Sales at Inditex jumped by 10 per cent in the six weeks since November 1 as the Zara owner reported flat profits today.
The final quarter, which takes in the Christmas spending rush, is crucial for retailers and companies which are hoping to benefit from Europe’s economic recovery, especially in Inditex’s home country of Spain.
The world’s largest clothing retailer, which has more than 6,000 stores worldwide, said today that net profits for the nine months to October 30 rose 1 per cent to €1.67 billion (£1.39 billion).
However, the result was just short of the €1.7 billion expected by analysts, which Nick Bubb, an independent retail analyst, said reflected the fact that Inditex had “not quite managed to shrug off weak consumer spending” in Europe.
Growth for Inditex, which also owns brands including Bershka and Massimo Dutti, has been held back this year due to currencies in some of its 86 markets falling against a stronger euro.
It has also found it difficult to exceed last year’s performance, when the company’s ability to rush small ranges to its stores using a slick supply chain worked particularly well.
Inditex employs almost 125,000 people worldwide and said it had created some 8,700 jobs during the past 12 months.
The company continued to expand its online platforms, introducing websites for five brands in Russia. Zara will be available online in South Korea and Mexico next year.
Inditex shares rose 1.5 per cent to €114.25 in morning trading in Madrid. The stock has risen by almost 17 per cent over the past six months.
Saturday night meal with my gorgeous husband - out in a real, live restaurant, none the less! #romance
Reading a FABULOUS novel atm. Gold by Chris Cleave. Loved The Other Hand as well #goodreads #justsaying
Join an existing group to participate in the group discussions or create a new group of your own to create discussions around topics of interest to you and your work.
Find info or add new info to your ITmodelbook. You can find white papers, technology reports, business analysis, webinars, presentations and more. You can also share your own authored content and resources you like by adding this info.
Posted by Nick Moroder on May 13, 2013 in Gravel Grinders, Race Report, Team Belgianwerkx | 2 comments
“101.5 WJNR, it is 6:45am and the today’s weather forecast is pretty nasty. Scattered rain and snow showers, high of 38, Northwest winds at 20, gusts up to 35 miles per hour.”
Oh no. When I sent in my postcard for The Bear 100 I knew it would be hard, but didn’t expect this. As we drove over to the start line at T-Bobs in Laona, WI I couldn’t help but wish that I’d accidentally slept in. The brave riders that were preparing in T-Bob’s Sports Bar and Grill parking lot looked like a sad crew. Some were rummaging through duffel bags for extra layers, some were hunkered in their cars, trying to stay dry and warm for a few extra moments. As I dressed I noticed all sorts of bikes, many cross bikes, a few 26″ mountain bikes, plenty of 29ers, one old road bike, and a fat bike. I felt pretty prepared for the 100k given I brought my Seven Mudhoney.
We lined up on the gravel ATV path at 7am and Brent, our host, gave us a few words of encouragement and one of warning. Along our route, a woman had gone missing the night before. Under dark sky we clipped in and rolled north through town. The rain turned into snowflakes as the pace started to pick up a mile out of Laona.
Within minutes I was soaking wet, not from the rain but from the sand, mud, and water kicked up from under our wheels. The dirt roads in northern Wisconsin were still pretty rutted up and potholed from our long winter. The rain was collecting in the low spots, but if you chose the right line, the high spots in the road were still solid. I was with the lead group, but was getting pretty nervous after panic braking, a few crashes, and more than a few close calls. I decided that the group of about 8 that I was riding with wasn’t worth a wreck. I sat up to wait for the next wave.
Almost as soon as the leaders rode out of view I came across an unmarked intersection. Uh oh. I spend a few minutes rolling around in a circle, waiting for the next group to point the way. 5 minutes later with still no sign of riders. I wiped the sand off my Garmin, searched through my pockets with frozen fingers for my map, and tried to figure out the route. As I struggled to see through my glasses, my mind wandered back to the drive up from Mequon. My girlfriend, Erica and I drove up with the windows open enjoying the spring weather, sunshine, and fresh air. We stopped at the Mountain Fire Lookout Tower. We hiked up the hill only to find it was closed, no matter, we enjoyed stretching our legs. It was only a short drive to Laona, where registration at T-Bob’s and an excellent northern fish fry awaited.
“Straight, I think.” We headed out, covered in sand and muck as the snowflakes kept coming. It was soon apparent that this group was broken. Guys would fall off, only to chase back on. They were riding all over the road, no sort of organization could be found. They complained about the cold, talked about abandoning, and their pace varied erratically. Screw it. I’m going to get this over with. I headed to the front and just kept tempo until they were gone.
My hands and toes were frozen, but my legs and bike were eating up the miles. The roads deteriorated and I was glad I had changed my tires from Challenge Eroicas to Clement LAS. After riding solo for what seemed like an eternity I caught the lead group just before the rest stop. The rest stop was billed as a “water only”, but someone had brought some fruit and nuts to help out. I didn’t indulge, my hands were just too muddy to reach into the pile.
We rolled out after a few minutes stopped and headed back on the “roads”. Some of them looked completely impassible in anything without 4 Wheel Drive. Suddenly the sun popped out! That boosted my morale when I sorely needed it. HSSSSssss. Crap, flat tire. Because of a mysterious hotel-room flat, I only had 1 extra tube with me, my patch kit would be all but useless in the wet. Inspecting the tube made me think it was a thorn. I search and searched that tire, but nothing. I reluctantly installed my only spare and carefully inflated the tire. It had to hold out for another 30 miles.
Back on the roads, the wind started picking up. Then the water started soaking into the roads. The mix of unbelievably slow rolling dirt roads and 25 mph+ headwinds for the last 20 miles of the ride made it a slog. Every minute I looked at my GPS, hoping it would have ticked off another mile. I was beat. The only reason I kept at it was knowing that it would end.
The last section was on the Nicolet National Forest ATV trail. Only 3 more miles. I just kept my head down, cranked out the last few miles and finally finished back at T-Bob’s. Erica was waiting for me with a big smile, warm clothes, and lunch was inside. What a day. After cleaning up we headed inside for to a fried chicken lunch and I ate what must account for a future world-wide poultry shortage.
I remembered to sign in before we left. Lots Of DNFs on the sign in sheet. I think I finished about 12th or so, given my flats, and total bonk, I felt pretty good about my ride. I made it. The Bear never got me.
That’s quite a ride report. It was good to meet the two of you, and I’m glad you survived the day. Hope to see you next year.
I am the award-winning author of 22 books, editorial director of the PBS arts and culture show "Articulate with Jim Cotter," an adjunct teacher at the University of Pennsylvania, a co-founder of Juncture Workshops, an essayist for the Philadelphia Inquirer, and a book reviewer for the Chicago Tribune. I take photographs. I hope for peace. All blog text and photographs copyrighted.
Winner, Books for a Better Life/Motivational Award. Named Top Writing Book by Poets and Writers. Featured in O Magazine. Starred Reviews from Library Journal and Kirkus, a Top Ten September Book at BookPage. For more on this book please tap the image.
"This beautifully written book works on many levels and is rich in its characterization, emotion, language, and hint of mystery." SLJ Starred Review. “A masterful exploration of nature's power to shake human foundations, literal and figurative.”—Kirkus Reviews, starred review. "Kephart (One Stolen Thing) establishes relatable characters and a poetic style that artfully blend the island days before and after the storm.” — Publishers Weekly. A Junior Library Guild and Scholstic Book Club selection. Chronicle Books. Click on the image to learn more.
"... another excellent nonfiction book for the general reader." Library Journal. LOVE is the Upper Dublin/Wissahickon Valley Libraries Let's DIscuss It Pick. More more on the book and events, click on the image.
2016 TAYSHAS Reading List, Parents' Choice Gold Medal Selection. Shelf Awareness Starred Review. Booklist Starred Review: "An enigmatic, atmospheric, and beautifully written tale." "Kephart at her poetic and powerful best. ONE THING STOLEN is a masterwork—a nest of beauty and loss, a flood of passion so sweet one can taste it. This is no ordinary book. It fits into no box. It is its own box—its own language." — A.S. King. Amazon Editor's April Pick. Top 14 Teen April Novel, by Bustle. Find out more about this Florence novel, due out from Chronicle Books in April 2015, by clicking on the image.
GOING OVER is a 2014 Booklist Editors' Choice, the Gold Medal Winner/Historical Fiction/Parents' Choice Awards, an ABA Best Books for Children & Teens, 2015 TAYSHAS Reading List, YALSA BFYA selection, a Junior Library Guild selection,voted as a 100 Children's Books to Read in a Lifetime, a Booklist Top Ten Historical Novel for Youth, a School Library Journal Pick of the Day, an Amazon Big Spring Book, an iBooks Spring's Biggest Book, and has received starred reviews from Booklist, School Library Journal, and Shelf Awareness.. Click on the image for more information.
"There is no more profound or moving exploration of Philadelphia’s history."—Nathaniel Popkin Originally released in 2007, Flow is now available as an affordable paperback. More on this book—the autobiography of a Philadelphia river—can be found by clicking on the image.
NOW AVAILABLE through Audibles."... strives to give all those who grieve the hope that there is peace, a peace that we can live with and thrive with, as long as we remember to breathe and be alive." — Savvy Verse and Wit. Click the link to get your copy for just $2.99
My friends, the time has come. All of these thousands of posts, over the course of these dozen years. Celebrations of books I've lov...
I've had a heck of a morning working on highly technical client stories (I think I got up just a tad too early for this stuff, even fo...
There are many reasons I love the man I love. I cannot count the ways. But right in there, nested toward the top of the reasons pile, i...
When we critique a memoir we are not critiquing a life. We must, instead, respect the boundaries. Our job is to appraise the art, the intent, the structure, the reach, but not the overt or implied "moralities" of the person who has just written her idea about her own story.
Sure, there will always be talk about the memoirist as a person; there will always be those conversations, sparked. The job of a reviewer, though, is to explain and ponder what the memoirist has put at stake without imposing one's own politics upon it.
advertisement advertising agency flyer air business business card carte de vizita clean clean design clean flyer clean layout clothing clothing flyer company company flyer corporate flyer corporate new flyer designer design web dresses Fashion fashion flyer flat design flyer fresh design Full responsive gym html landing page indesign lookbook marketing mode modern print product catalog product retail product retail clothes professional promotion psd shop flyer simple simple layout transport urban fashion design
Archives Select Month November 2018 (3) October 2018 (6) September 2018 (7) August 2018 (6) July 2018 (7) June 2018 (7) May 2018 (2) April 2018 (2) March 2018 (3) February 2018 (7) January 2018 (8) December 2017 (5) November 2017 (7) October 2017 (3) September 2017 (6) August 2017 (4) July 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) May 2017 (1) April 2017 (2) March 2017 (3) February 2017 (2) January 2017 (3) December 2016 (4) November 2016 (9) October 2016 (7) September 2016 (12) August 2016 (3) July 2016 (2) June 2016 (4) May 2016 (4) April 2016 (11) March 2016 (7) February 2016 (10) January 2016 (7) December 2015 (9) November 2015 (11) October 2015 (13) September 2015 (10) August 2015 (15) July 2015 (12) June 2015 (13) May 2015 (13) April 2015 (12) March 2015 (10) February 2015 (8) October 2014 (3) September 2014 (12) August 2014 (4) July 2014 (7) June 2014 (6) May 2014 (15) April 2014 (11) March 2014 (15) February 2014 (13) January 2014 (8) December 2013 (17) November 2013 (9) October 2013 (13) September 2013 (17) August 2013 (11) July 2013 (16) June 2013 (14) May 2013 (14) April 2013 (12) March 2013 (11) February 2013 (8) January 2013 (19) December 2012 (14) November 2012 (13) October 2012 (15) September 2012 (17) August 2012 (7) July 2012 (7) June 2012 (11) May 2012 (12) April 2012 (11) March 2012 (9) February 2012 (11) January 2012 (16) December 2011 (12) November 2011 (16) October 2011 (11) September 2011 (11) August 2011 (15) July 2011 (14) June 2011 (15) May 2011 (8) April 2011 (13) March 2011 (16) February 2011 (15) January 2011 (11) December 2010 (14) November 2010 (15) October 2010 (18) September 2010 (17) August 2010 (17) July 2010 (15) June 2010 (19) May 2010 (31) April 2010 (30) March 2010 (21) February 2010 (22) January 2010 (26) December 2009 (17) November 2009 (16) October 2009 (13) September 2009 (18) August 2009 (16) July 2009 (21) June 2009 (23) May 2009 (19) April 2009 (14) March 2009 (9) February 2009 (14) January 2009 (22) December 2008 (12) November 2008 (16) October 2008 (15) September 2008 (12) August 2008 (8) July 2008 (14) June 2008 (13) May 2008 (8) April 2008 (12) March 2008 (12) February 2008 (16) January 2008 (11) December 2007 (11) November 2007 (14) October 2007 (13) September 2007 (15) August 2007 (23) July 2007 (18) June 2007 (15) May 2007 (13) April 2007 (15) March 2007 (22) February 2007 (22) January 2007 (17) December 2006 (9)
With the mounting of the 1.40 meters "Milankovic" telescope procured using the funds of the European Commission and the Ministry of Education, Science and Technological Development of the Republic of Serbia the observational astronomy in Serbia has gained a new momentum which provides the possibility of participation of Serbian scientists in the cutting-edge observational projects. In the collaboration with the Embassy of Italy, within the activities of the Association of Italian and Serbian Scientists and Scholars (AIS3), the Astronomical Observatory of Belgrade organizes on October 31st 2017 (Tuesday) one-day workshop in Belgrade. The purpose of the workshop is to discuss in collaboration with the prominent astronomers from Italy, who will come to Belgrade for this meeting, the future observing projects, as well as to share the experiences related to various astronomical observations, and other astronomical and technical and computational possibilities which include the usage of astronomical instruments, reductions, storage and analysis of the observing material. Within the available time slots the discussions about various theoretical/computational models related to the future observations from Vidojevica will be organized.
During the meeting, Rector of the Belgrade University Prof. Dr. Vladimir Bumbasirevic and Prof. Dr. Remo Ruffini will sign an agreement of cooperation between the University of Belgrade and ICRAnet (International Center for Relativistic Astrophysics Network). ICRAnet is an International Organization and its members are four States and three Universities and Research Centres: the Republic of Armenia, the Federal Republic of Brazil, the Republic of Italy, the Vatican City State as well as the University of Arizona (Tucson, USA), Stanford University (USA) and ICRA.
The successful blood donors will be presented a small gift as a token of thank and the service for organ donation will be available then.
May you all be well and happy and attain the cessation of suffering as soon as possible by the merit of blood donation ! Sadhu ! 3x
Mahabodhi Sanctuary is calling for a meeting on Cheng Beng event & forming a running committee to run the Cheng Beng Celebration.
All devotees are welcome to participate & assist to make the Cheng Beng Celebration successfully & accrue great merit wherefrom ! Sadhu ! 3x
The names of devotees who participate in the Penang-Shah Alam Trip organised by Mahabodhi Sanctuary are as follows:
There are still Four Seats available. Those who are interested in joining this Trip, kindly contact Bro. Kang (016 - 4580968) for registration and seat booking. Warmly welcome all of you to join this Trip for the sake of accruing great merit wherefrom! Sadhu !3x
Malaysia Mahabodhi Sanctuary Buddhist Association will be organizing Blood Donation Campaign, Sanghikadana (Lunch Offering to Monks) on 30 - 09 - 2017, Saturday from 09:00 am - 01:00 pm, Mahayana Buddhist Chanting for the sake of departed ones, ancestors & karmic creditors at 04:00 pm as well as Dhamma Talk in Hokkien at 08:00 pm.
Also on 01 - 10 - 2017 Sunday from 07:30 am - 01:00 pm there will be Phapa Ceremony (Robes Offering) to Mahasangha in memory of departed ones including the Alms-round (Pindapata) for Dry Food Stuff at 09:15 am.
5 hotel managementsystem salmanrana bcs02133279 management system is for manage all room types room services the inventory control system will keep track in all inventories of the hotel and guest details will handled by guest management. Hotel reservation system is a computerized system of managing and administrating hotels, restaurants and lodges a properly managed hotel reservation system ensures proper and efficient use of resources, which in result derives more revenue generation and ultimately more profit. Reservation manager job description in hotels industry reservation manager reports to front office manager having knowledge of entire reservation procedure according to international hotel manual system responsible for hotel and local reservations and reservation - links to best. Canada's hotels, resorts and restaurants are world-renowned, and their standards have become global benchmarks to which many successful organizations aspire the basis of our unique hotel, resort and restaurant management courses are these standards and a deep-rooted connection.
A restaurant management system is designed with capabilities and features to help operate and additionally, you need to keep reliable records for taxes, especially for your local or state business and alcohol table management and accepting online reservations are great options to consider as well. Expedite your property management system of your personal properties and legalities with otlems, an easy to use platform for work management issues sell of vacant rooms only accept credit card payments multilingual and user-friendly interface no reservation calls, thus you save your time and. Hotel reservation systems are a vital part of the machinations of your accomodation here's how they work to help your business the hotel reservation system can be synced, not only with your current website, but also with facebook this allows guests to reserve rooms in a way that is convenient for. Hotel internet marketing and hospitality advertising agency specializing in hotel web site design, hotel marketing multimedia, crm, database management, and a better online restaurant reservation software with dining room, private dining and social media integration all at a low flat monthly rate.
Our hotel reservation system is powered through central reservation system hotel management system functional area a smartphone is a better one to access the applications no some people ask us that they want to test the app in their local host before installing in server user's. Property management system for hotels with restaurants one tool to centrally manage all hotel departments: from room sales to guest management, restaurant orders, spa services and all point of sale terminals download reservations with pre-filled in information directly in the pms. Guest reservation is one of the important key points of the front office all request for room reservations are received and processed in this section for a highly recommended: now you can watch exclusive hotel & restaurant management training videos from our official youtube channel. Restaurant reservations first began with managers, hostesses, or other staff taking phone calls and penciling in names and times on paper this took away a lot of time from hostesses and other staff members who could be clearing tables or helping customers however, as technology advances, and. Hotel management system is a multiple hotel management system, wordpress developers to help you with the reservation management of your rooms and hotels will be shown like a wordpress post so that seo optimization will work more easily one can comment on rooms and hotels.
Powerful reservation system for busy restaurants upgrade your front-of-house - including lightening fast table management, easy online reservations and a powerful database builder everything you need to get more customers, reduce errors and stay co-ordinated. Property management software is a simple but effective hotel & restaurant management system evolved completely the system handles all reservation related activities within a hotel property management system ikonnect hotel pms perfectly suits the needs of various types of properties.
Online hotel reservation system company - provab technosoft hotel reservation system is b2b and b2c system to cater hospitality industry clients and agents for online property management system is a pms reservation software for online and offline hotel bookings as well as. Yelp reservations offers restaurants a cost-effective, online reservation management system save time, save money, and forget about open tables better restaurant booking system at a lower cost when you combine the largest diner network with a restaurant friendly cost structure, it's easy. #1 trusted hotel property management software perfect for hotel booking, reservations and more anand systems (asi) provides a robust it can be used at hotels, restaurants, bar, resorts, night club, theme parks, cruise ships and retail shops to manage all kind of point of sale (pos) activity.
We develop hotel reservation system that supports various modules including channel manager, central reservation system, accounting software, agent management module, mark-up management, call-centre software, multiple language, travel apps, b2c and b2b systems, affiliate programmes. From wait list management to organizing reservations, cake's guest manager system enables restaurants to seat more guests and increase overall profits the guest manager system your restaurant needs improve how your restaurant manages your waitlist, while enhancing your table. Hotel reservation system is a computerized system that provides a platform for hoteliers to manage hotel bookings it stores rates and inventory of hotel rooms as well as information of clients such systems allow customers to conduct transactions for online hotel bookings if you are looking for a. Web-based hotel booking/property management system to help manage your customer's reservations, check-ins, checkouts and repairs hotel property management system for the independent hotel industry with front office, reservations, crm and more.
Oracle hotel property management system (pms) and hotel solutions can elevate guest experience and improve business roi create a platform for growth with the right hotel property-management system and point-of-sale system to manage your hotel and food and beverage operations.
Manage the details of your upcoming stay at an ihg hotel by entering your confirmation number and last name we are sorry, our system is temporarily unavailable please try again later or contact the ihg® rewards club contact your local ihg® rewards club customer care to source your pin and to update your profile with sign in to view recent reservations manage your hotel reservation.
Hotel management and reservation system one of the interactive software which has four user modes separated for owner, manager, receptionist this system can handle almost the entire task required in the hotel management being one of the key to raise the organization prestige and status.
The ultimate hotel management system you can use it on as many workstations as you want you have access to all module and functions easy to use and comfortable guest management area store all contact information and guest reservation history in one place. Restaurant management system - free download as powerpoint presentation (ppt), pdf the micro-project on restaurant management system helps to understand how the data bases work in restaurants and hotelsevery restaurant have many entities and every entity has many. Restaurant management systems can help to create an ambiance restaurant management information systems should make a restaurant more this system wake to provide service facility to restaurant and also to the customer the services that are provided is food ordering and reservation.
by Morgan Nutt Shane Worley has lived in Brevard almost his whole life: he went to high school and...
by Taylor Williams Even though Jonathan Owen is new to Brevard High School, he is thought of by teachers...
by Garland Joseph Brandon Snarey is a triple threat. He a science teacher, a football coach and a...
by Aly Henneberry John Stokes is the new boys’ PE coach, girls’ weightlifting coach and defensive coordinator for the...
by Hollis Presnell Sergeant Major Thomas Hall is a military instructor for the new JROTC program. He previously taught at...
by Aubree Weaver Jim Leatherwood is a very outgoing teacher. Inside and outside of school and at the football...
by Khloe Bickford Susanne Pritchett is new to BHS this year. “I always pictured myself doing something in the...
Out of all the new staff members at Brevard High School, Lt. Col. Charles Megown has one of the most interesting backstories. A member of the Marine Corps for 22 years, he has been to many corners of the world, from Iran to Haiti.
Megown is a native to North Carolina, growing up in Jacksonville. His mother is a teacher and his father was in the Navy. He lived next to a Marine base where his father worked. Growing up, he wanted to follow in his father’s footsteps because of the way his father seemed to always do the right thing.
Another thing that led him to join was that he enjoyed the media’s depiction of law enforcement and armed forces in movies he watched growing up. During high school, he learned about the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, and did his part in school to get accepted. That was not a small victory, either, since the acceptance rate is only 7.9% as of 2014.
While training in the Navy, he was exposed to the Marines that surrounded him. The Marines are actually a part of the Navy.
“I admired the way they carried themselves,” said Megown. “I always admired people who did the right thing, like my father, and the way they presented themselves really had an impact on me.”
After watching and having the exposure to these people, Megown decided to join the Marines instead of the Navy.
Megown was involved as an executive officer and a helicopter pilot in a program called Continuing Promise. This program was meant to help poorer countries, especially after natural disasters, like when a hurricane hit Haiti.
“I would fly doctors and engineers that would help out the natives that were badly affected by the hurricane,” Megown said. “I visited five or six other countries, and all of the locals were amazing.”
“I love it here,” he said. “I love the natural scenery and resources, and how patriotic this town is. Everybody here loves America, just like I do.”
Megown enjoys biking and running in his free time, claiming that it is an excellent way to be alone and think.
“Both my mother and my sister are teachers, and one of my favorite things that I did while working for the Marines was instructing the new recruits,” Megown said. “I just loved teaching.”
Megown recommends students who are thinking about joining the armed forces, try to be as well rounded as possible.
by Lauren Wing Katie Reinhart is a new English teacher and JV and Varsity cheerleading coach. She grew up...
In case of damaged/missing product or empty parcel, the return request should be filed within 2 days of delivery.
4 Star Rating - saves electricity cost and conserves energy Glassline Inner Tank - Prevents corrosion of the tank, guarantees a durable product Plastic Outer Body - Prevents rust and Corrosion, ensuring a long life of the product Product Warranty - 2 years PUF Insulation - Traps the heat inside the tank, to keep water hot for longer period of time
For over 30 years, the Marcopper Mining Corporation has been operating on Marinduque Island in the Philippines. ... "Probe International exposes the environmental, social, and economic effects of Canada's aid and trade abroad, revealing the devastating effects ...
There are different phases of a mining project, beginning with mineral ore exploration and ending with the post-closure period. What ... and placer mining, but still entail environmental impacts associated with purification (beneficiation) of metals from the waste 1.1 ...
environmental effects of mining pictures in the philippines environmental effects of mining pictures in the philippines Environmental impact of mining - Wikipedia ...
Geometallurgy combines the geologic sciences with extractive metallurgy and mining. Environmental effects ... These and other developments such as the Philippines 1995 Mining Act led the bank to publish a third report (Assistance for Minerals Sector) ...
Flood in the Philippines The Environmental Impacts of Mining in the Philippines Welcome to the new Palawan blog! Mining and its Effects on the Environment Recent Comments Behind the Mask ...
The Philippines has an estimated $840 billion worth of untapped mineral resources, according to the Mines and Geosciences Bureau of the Philippines which is responsible for giving permits to mining companies to do exploration of mining areas and ...
Mining in the Philippines Concerns and conflicts Report of a Fact-Finding Trip to the Philippines July-August 2006 ... as the mining programme in the Philippines. The environmental effects are catastrophic as are the effects on people's livelihoods. The attached ...
International Seminar on the Socio-Economic and Environmental Impact of Mining Paper to be delivered at the University of Pejuang, Makassar, Konawe, Sulawesi, Indonesia November 24, 2015 Edition November 10, 2015 Abstract ...
You Are Here: Home → 2011 → January → 6 → Environmental Destruction, Effects of Climate Change to Worsen in Philippines Environmental Destruction, ...
Impacts of Mining Mining can impact local communities both positively and negatively. While positive impacts such as employment and community development projects are important, they do not off-set the potential negatives. We have found mining can negatively ...
Case Study on the Effects of Mining and Dams on the Environment and Indigenous Peoples in Benguet, Cordillera, Philippines
Case Study on the Effects of Mining and Dams on the Environment and Indigenous Peoples in Benguet, Cordillera, Philippines ...
The impacts of mining in the Philippines Mining is a top and very controversial environmental issue in the Philippines today. It is increasingly becoming a divisive issue too. ...
Other environmental problems that the country is facing include pollution, illegal mining and logging, deforestation, dynamite fishing, ... Climate change has had and will continue to have drastic effects on the climate of the Philippines. From 1951-2010, the with ...
This report explores the effects of mining in the Philippines. The report argues that mining in the Philippines is being developed at a speed and in a manner likely to cause massive long-term environmental damage and social problems. The report finds that: current ...
various adverse environmental and social side effects. Foremost of these is mercury pollution. BRIEF REVIEW OF LITERATURE ... Although studies on the impact of mercury pollution due to small-scale mining were already numerous, they were generally ...
Breaking Promises, Making Profits: Mining in the Philippines A Christian Aid and Piplinks report, December 2004 ... "We have seen the devastating effects of some of the mining operations: the spillages of mine tailings in Boac, Marinduque, in Sipalay and ...
Mining in the Philippines and the effects on Occupational Health and Safety of Mine Workers* | IOHSAD
Although there are existing studies, compared to papers and materials focusing on the environmental effects of mines, ... *Briefing on Mining in the Philippines and the effects on Occupational Health and Safety of Mine Workers Conference on Coal Mining ...
Mining is an inherently invasive process that can cause damage to a landscape in an area much larger than the mining site itself. The effects of this damage can continue years after a mine has ...
the potential development and environmental effects of such a plume should be considered as a major shortcoming of this remedial option. 2 Assessing, monitoring, and remediating other mining-environmental problems on Marinduque We are not aware of plans ...
Copper, at early times, played a major role in trade between the Chinese and the Filipinos. Overall, mining firms in the Philippines, as pointed out by Paragas, are believed to have its first operation in early 1990s. ...
Environmental problems caused by improper mine tailings disposal in the Baguio district include pollution of the Lower Agno River system and its watershed and siltation of ...
www.american-sewing.com for large selection and discount Prices on Juki HZL-F400 Exceed Quilt and Pro
Juki HZL-F400 Exceed Quilt and Pro Exceed your sewing and quilting expectations with the new F400 Quilt and Pro. The Quilt and Pro comes equipped with 456 stitches, including 16 professional buttonholes, 3 lettering fonts, and tons of included accessories.
-Consent to the disclosure of personally identifiable information from education records, except as specified by law.
"The University adheres to the mandates of the United States Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act(FERPA):
1. The student has the right to inspect and review his educational record within 45 days of the University's receiving a written request for access."
AUA claimed I committed “Tortious Interference” for exposing AUA's disclosure of private student records…
In an intentional interference claim, the burden is on the plaintiff to prove the elements of the claim
rather than on the defendant to prove that its acts were justified. To prevail on the claim, plaintiff must prove four elements:
(2) academic records are otherwise private and are protected from public disclosure under federal law, and
”basic legal relation between a student and a private university or college is contractual in nature.
The catalogues, bulletins, circulars, and regulations of the institution made available to the matriculant become a part of the contract”
“the student-university relationship is contractual in nature although courts have rejected a rigid application of the contract law in this area.”
There’s nothing more foreign to the United States military than a member of the Democratic Party. That’s not opinion…that’s a fact. During my time in the Army over a decade, serving three presidents (well, two-and-a-half, if I include Bill Clinton), I saw a marked decrease in the likeability of Democrats throughout my service.
There wasn’t a day that went by that Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, or Dan Quayle didn’t have something nice to say about our men and women in the military. When Bill Clinton came along, he was the first president to decide that his time (and arm muscles) were too valuable to bother saluting our troops. Only after a lot of negative press did he finally drop his saxophone long enough to act like a real, live, grown-up Commander-In-Chief.
George W. Bush was another great admirer of our military, but I wasn’t in at that point. And of course, we’re all aware of the great disdain that Barack Hussein “Let’s Cut The Military Again” Obama had for the brave soldiers and sailors in service to the country. The moment Obama famously (and stupidly) referred to our Marine Corpsmen as Corpse-men, any support he had was over (perhaps the Corpse-men remark was wishful thinking). President Donald Trump is a horse of a different color whose valuable time on base is taken up spending quality time signing the caps of our troops!
During Barack Obama’s time as president, he was never one for being openly respectful and affectionate towards the military. Remember the latte salute, anyone?
Well, after eight years of Obama, there’s a new sheriff in town — Donald J. Trump. And, as you may have noticed, his attitude toward the military is a little different.
Meeting @realdonaldtrump today was the highlight of my Marine Corps career. Thank you, President Trump, for coming to Marine Corps Air Station Yuma today to shake some hands and sign some covers! It was a day I'll never forget. 🇺🇸🦅❤️💙 #makeamericagreatagain #maga #trump #teamtrump #thedonald #usa #america #freedom #usmc #marinecorps #femalemarine #sgtofmarines #airforceone #donaldjtrump #djt #potus #nofilterneeded
Nowhere was that more evident than when the president arrived in Yuma, Arizona, on Tuesday prior to his campaign-style rally in Phoenix.
According to ABC News, Trump visited Marine Air Station Yuma, a Marine Corps base on the U.S.-Mexico border.
The visit was part of the president’s push for stronger border security — including his signature infrastructure project, the border wall. As the president got off of Air Force One in Yuma, Marines lined up to greet the president. And Trump was more than happy to greet them as well, grabbing their caps and signing them.
U.S. Marine Sgt. Lauren Butler wrote on her Instagram account that “today was the highlight of my Marine Corps career. Thank you, President Trump, for coming to Marine Corps Air Station Yuma today to shake some hands and sign some covers! It was a day I’ll never forget.”
“Meeting President Trump was one of the coolest experiences I’ve ever had,” Butler told American Military News.
“I’ve always been a Trump supporter, so I was extremely excited. But regardless of your political views, shaking hands with the president is extremely humbling and something you’ll never forget.”
Under Barack Obama, our Marines were left holding umbrellas in the rain. And if you think that’s just symbolic, think again. Just look what happened in Benghazi.
This is clearly a president who cares about our troops and is willing to give them the respect they deserve. After eight years, that’s a refreshing change.
I never got to meet any of my Commanders-In-Chief, but I did meet Vice President Dan Quayle at the graduation of the Kuwaiti troops during Operation Desert Storm and shook the hand of President Richard M. Nixon, not once, but twice in my life. That was really awesome.
A lot of people think that a soldier doesn’t really care one way or the other if a president or other high-ranking member of the chain of command gives you a half-moment of their time, but believe it or not, it is one of the most memorable experiences that a soldier/sailor can have in his/her lifetime. Trump Rocks!
The United States flag is a solid sign of American identification and nationwide pride. Likewise called Old Glory, the United States flag has a vibrant background and also has undertaken many changes starting from the very first official flag of 1777.
Today the flag is composed of thirteen horizontal stripes, seven red alternating with six white stripes. The shades of the flag are symbolic as well: red signifies hardiness and valor, white symbolizes pureness as well as innocence and blue represents vigilance, determination as well as justice.
Over time, some have actually connected a little different meanings to the three shades, for instance, the shade red signifying the bloodshed spilled to protect our liberty, yet the essence of the original significance has actually been relatively constant since 1782.
It is so much more than the 3 shades or a “design”. Consider the places around the globe that the American flag has actually flown, think of the change it has actually undergone throughout the years on American soil. It is really humbling to think about all that was given and also compromised so that the American flag could fly freely throughout this nation.
The flag that started with just 13 stars grew to 50 with the addition of new states to the Union. The number of stars on the flag slowly rose to its present number today where a brand-new star would be included in the blue area on the 4th of July after the date of each new state’s admission.
The variety of rotating straight red as well as white stripes has continued to be at thirteen except from 1795 to 1818 when fifteen stripes showed up on the flag to note the admission of Kentucky and Vermont to the Union. In 1818, it was determined that including a stripe to the flag for each and every brand-new state would no longer occur as it will make the flag look crowded and also it would make the flag unwieldy. It was agreed then that the flag would go back to having just thirteen stripes to stand for the initial colonies.
The American flag is a sign not only of hardiness, valor, purity, innocence, vigilance, determination and also justice; it is a symbol of liberty. Freedom that has actually been battled so hard for over the years. Freedom that has actually cost this country and also the families within so much, but it is still a sign to those desiring they had the liberty that the country has.
Traditional flag etiquette prescribes that prior to an American flag is kept or flown, its handlers ought to twice fold it in half lengthwise; then (from the other end opposite heaven field) make a triangular fold, remaining to fold it in triangles until the other end is reached. This makes a triangular “pillow” of the flag with only heaven starred area showing on the outside, and also it takes thirteen folds to create: two lengthwise folds as well as eleven triangular ones.
The flag isn’t folded up in this manner since each of the folds has a unique symbolic significance; the flag is folded in this manner due to the fact that it supplies a sensible ritualistic touch that differentiates folding a flag from folding a common object such as a blanket, and also because it results a visually pleasing, easy-to-handle shape. This thirteen-fold procedure was an usual practice long before the production of a ceremonial assignation of “implying” to each of the actions.
A sophisticated flag folding ceremony incorporating these significances has actually since been created for special occasions such as Memorial Day as well as Veterans Day. These connections are “real” in the feeling that they mean something to the people that participate in the event, yet they are not the reason a flag is folded up in the typical thirteen-step fashion.
This is America and also its icon is the American Flag. This respectable sign has been shot at, burned, spew on and stepped on, but she rises again and again. Despite the fact that many Americans in Vermont happily fly the flag outside their homes and businesses each day, it is fitting that we, as a country, have reserved one specific day annually to honor our flag as well as to bear in mind that it stands for the ideals and also values that we should make every effort to uphold. May God honor America and also those that protect her.
The American flag is a solid sign of American identification and also national pride. Also known as Old Glory, the U.S. flag has a vibrant history and also has undertaken lots of changes since the initial main flag of 1777.
Today the U.S. flag contains thirteen straight stripes, 7 red alternating with six white stripes. The stripes stand for the initial 13 colonies; the stars represent the 50 states of the nation. The shades of the flag are symbolic also: red symbolizes hardiness as well as valiance, white represents pureness and also innocence and blue stands for vigilance, determination as well as justice. The reason the Continental Congress initially selected the red, white, and blue shades was not made clear in the resolution embracing the flag. Historians believe it was most likely a shade choice based upon the British Union Jack, which had actually formerly flown over the colonies.
In time, some have attributed slightly different significances to the three colors, as an example, the color red representing the blood spilled to maintain our freedoms, but the significance of the initial meaning has been relatively constant since 1782.
It is so much greater than the 3 shades or a “decor”. Think about the places around the globe that the American flag has actually flown, consider the transformation it has gone through throughout the years on American land. It is absolutely humbling to think about all that was given and also sacrificed to make sure that the American flag can fly freely across this country.
The flag that began with just 13 stars grew to 50 with the addition of new states to the Union. The variety of stars on the flag gradually rose to its present number today in which a brand-new star would certainly be added to the blue area on the 4th of July after the date of each new state’s admission.
The number of alternating horizontal red and also white stripes has remained at thirteen except from 1795 to 1818 when fifteen stripes showed up on the flag to show the admission of Kentucky and Vermont to the Union. In 1818, it was decided that adding a stripe to the flag for each new state would not occur as it will certainly make the flag appear crowded as well as it would make the flag unwieldy. It was agreed then that the flag would certainly go back to containing just thirteen stripes to represent the original colonies.
The American flag is an icon not just of hardiness, valiance, pureness, virtue, vigilance, perseverance as well as justice; it is a symbol of liberty. Freedom that has been combatted so hard for over the years. Freedom that has actually cost this country and also the households within so much, but it is still a beacon to those desiring they had the liberty that the country has.
Conventional flag etiquette recommends that prior to an American flag is kept or raised, its handlers ought to two times fold it in half lengthwise; after that (from the end opposite heaven area) make a triangular fold, remaining to fold it in a triangular patter up until the other end is reached. This makes a triangular “cushion” of the flag with just the blue starred field showing outside, and it takes thirteen folds to produce: two lengthwise folds as well as eleven triangular ones.
The flag isn’t really folded in this fashion because each of the folds has a unique symbolic definition; the flag is folded this way since it gives a dignified ritualistic touch that differentiates folding a flag from folding a common object such as a bedsheet, and since it results a visually pleasing, easy-to-handle form. This thirteen-fold procedure was a typical technique long prior to the development of a ceremonial assignation of “indicating” per of the steps.
A fancy flag folding ceremony incorporating these meanings has actually since been created for unique celebrations such as Memorial Day and also Veterans Day. These meanings are “genuine” in the sense that they imply something to the people who participate in the event, but they are not the reason why a flag is folded up in the conventional thirteen-step way.
This is America and its symbol is the American Flag. Also though many Americans near Montana state proudly fly the flag outside their houses as well as organisations every day, it is suitable that we, as a nation, have set apart one certain day each year to recognize our flag and also to keep in mind that it represents the suitables and values that we should strive to support.
This entry was posted in American Flags in Montana and tagged flag during american revolutionary war Plains MT, flag of america history Plains MT, flag of america Plains MT, flag of american revolution Plains MT, flag of the united states of america history Plains MT, flag of united states of america pictures Plains MT, history of the national flag of the united states of america Plains MT, picture of national flag of america Plains MT, us flag gifts Plains MT, usa flag meaning of stars and stripes Plains MT on August 26, 2016 by admin.
Infrared Imaging with associated image confirming techniques has been documented repeatedly to be the fastest and most cost effective methodology for the assessment of roof moisture or electrical system overall condition and the facilitation of targeted and timely repairs. It is also a major tool in the location and assessment of interior moisture or water leakage as well as energy loss through air leakage or poor insulation.
The Infrared Division of Armco Inspections LLC is pleased to provide the following services for clients interested in specific system or general building or property condition assessments:
Mr. McCoy provided a very comprehensive, professional investigation and status report that allowed us to make credible decisions for the roofs of a five building elementary school campus. I would recommend his infrared services to anyone.
January 9, 2017 July 24, 2018 MamtaFrizzy And Damaged Hair, Hair Mask, Hair Problems, Natural Hair Care
Bananas are considered as a great source of energy as it contains a good amount of fiber, vitamins, and proteins. It is among the most popular healthy fruits on earth. Banana is not only good for health, it can also provide nutrients to the deep pores of your skin if it is applied topically on the skin and hair. Banana Hair Mask is one of the best masks for hair as it provides nutrients to the dull damaged hair, helps in hair growth or prevents hair loss and makes them soft & shiny. The banana Hair mask is good for all hair types and it is the best natural hair conditioner also. It also controls the flakiness of the scalp which further leads to dandruff due to lack of moisture.
Let’s take a look at an effective banana hair mask recipe and the benefits of all the ingredients which will you get from them.
Banana hair mask has powerful ingredients like yogurt, coconut milk, almond oil which benefit our hair a lot.
While nutritional deficiencies may lead to hair loss, some studies indicate that vitamin B-6 present in banana promotes hair growth.
Banana has vitamin A which helps to produce healthy sebum, an oily substance secreted by the scalp, which keeps hair from drying out and breaking off. It helps in controlling dandruff. Vitamin A prevents drying of the scalp and promotes hair growth and prevents hair loss.
Yogurt or curd is quite an effective home remedy to add that lustrous sheen to dry and dull looking hair. It can help condition your hair and make it more manageable.
The Vitamin E of banana is one of the most vital vitamins for hair growth, it’s an antioxidant that repairs and builds tissue, which is essential for healthy hair growth. It increases blood circulation, boosts oxygen supply, and repairs damaged hair follicles.
The hair follicles require a high amount of protein to become strong, which can be provided by a healthy banana. It is the protein which makes the hair shinier and improves their texture. It can prove to be a quite capable conditioner. Protein helps the body to produce keratin, which is fundamental to the hair structure. When keratin weakens, hair strands are more prone to breakage.
Almond oil accelerates blood circulation to the scalp, hence increasing hair growth. It works on nourishing the scalp and strengthening the roots with the help of essential nutrients.
Coconut milk is the best natural ingredient to treat damaged hair. It’s full of antioxidants and nutrients to feed hair follicles that house the live part of the hair, encouraging hair growth.
Coconut milk is a natural softener. This makes it a great hair conditioner that smoothens your hair.
Banana Hair Mask is best for hair as it provides nutrients to the dull & damaged hair, repairs them, helps in hair growth and makes them soft & shiny.
Because there are many factors that can cause dryness, damage, and breakage for hair, it is necessary to have a supplement that will replenish moisture and strength. But much like a moisturizer, a hair mask will work more efficiently if it's tailored to your hair type. And once you have a mask that will work keep your locks healthy, make sure to use it at least once a week in place of your usual conditioner.
Tagged banana, damaged hair, deep nourishment, dull hair, hair conditioner, hair fall, hair growth, hair regrowth
I came across your blog on pinterest and really loved your content.Love the long detailed posts that you do.Awesome blog…Keep up the good work dear.
Hi Yamini, thanks for those kind words. I think a long content satisfies the reader. That’s the whole purpose of writing these posts. Also thanks for finding me on Pinterest. Do keep visiting here and Pinterest to find more awesome content.
Wonderful content is there on your blog. I got good information on your blog compared to other blogs. It is very useful to me. Thanks for sharing this information and keep share good information on your blog.
Hi Lucia, Yes, you have to rinse hair after applying the mask with shampoo. No, this won’t make your hair greasy if you are facing dry and damaged hair problem.
Well described and most important is so easy to make as I have a very busy schedule that’s best for me. Thank you so much.
This mask is for damaged and dry hairs. For hair fall you can refer this post – http://alluringsoul.com/8-carrier-oil-for-hair-growth-healthy-hair/
Well described. I have a dry hair and I heard from my sister that egg mask effects on me. But can I replace olive oil with castor oil? Please help me out. Thank you in advance.
The CEO of South African Tourism, Sisa Ntshona, stated in an article in the Beeld newspaper on 4 December 2016, that tourism hasn’t realised a fraction of its potential in South Africa because the government still doesn’t believe in it.
He said that government’s prevailing view of tourism is that it is still regarded as a largely white industry, affecting and largely benefiting white people; that the case for tourism has not been made in South Africa and that most people still perceive it as an elitist thing that is done only by wealthy (white) people.
This view has to change, as there’s no doubt that the value of tourism, when it comes to boosting South Africa’s economy, is enormous.
In an article published on online news portal, www.tourismupdate.co.za, in September 2016 Mmatšatši Ramawela, the Tourism Business Council of SA’s CEO, was quoted stating, “Operation Phakisa is a national government initiative to fast-track the implementation of solutions to critical development issues. The tourism sector should have its own similar initiative, because tourism is the only sector that has shown growth globally for six consecutive years.”
Interestingly, readers were asked if they thought tourism was adequately recognised for its contribution to the economy. A staggering 84% said no. This begs the question, “Why is the tourism sector perceived to not be recognised for its contribution to the economy?”
Is it because tourism is not yet a major contributor to the economy? Perhaps it’s because tourism’s growth and growth potential is not clearly understood, or because many people – including industry players, officials and politicians – have not developed a deep understanding of how the tourism sector can contribute to the South African economy.
Whilst it could be a combination of the above, I think it’s because the tourism sector is not persuasive enough in building its own socio-economic case. The promotion of the tourism sector as a national and local development priority is a no-brainer and it seems that Ntshona agrees.
While not all areas of the country have existing or potential comparative advantages in tourism, there are several that do and these need to be promoted. In the Kruger Lowveld region (which essentially follows the boundaries of the Ehlanzeni District Municipality), there are many existing and potential advantages that need to be pursued and further developed, but require a cognitive shift in thinking and understanding by all stakeholders. Hence we need to build the socio-economic case for tourism in South Africa and this region.
World travel keeps growing. According to the report, the number of international tourist arrivals (overnight visitors) in 2015 increased by 4.6% to 1186 million worldwide, an increase of 52 million from the previous year. This was the sixth consecutive year of above-average growth in international tourism, following the 2009 global economic crisis.
In addition, international tourism receipts grew by 4.4% in real terms (taking into account exchange rate fluctuations and inflation) with total earnings in the destinations estimated at US$ 1260 billion worldwide in 2015 (euro 1136 billion).
According to the report, Africa welcomed 53 million international tourists and earned US$ 33 billion in international tourism receipts, with South Africa being the second most popular destination in Africa (16.7% of Africa’s arrivals) after Morocco (19% of Africa’s arrivals).
UNWTO’s long-term forecast report, Tourism Towards 2030, states that international tourist arrivals worldwide are expected to increase by 3.3% a year and to reach 1.8 billion by 2030. In addition, arrivals in emerging destinations (+4.4% a year) are expected to increase at twice the rate of those in advanced economies (+2.2% a year).
Despite a blip in 2015 (largely due to new visa regulations), South Africa’s foreign tourism has been on an upward trajectory, with 2016 final figures looking promising in terms of overcoming the 2015 challenges. Foreign arrivals grew from 8.34 million in 2011 to 8.9 million in 2015; tourism contribution to the gross domestic product grew from R84-billion to R118.9-billion over the same time period and direct employment grew from 4.4% to 4.5%.
There is little in the tourism sector, specifically the hospitality subsector, that can be mechanised. As the sector is promoted and grows, more jobs will be created. A machine can’t replace a waiter delivering a meal or give a tourist a warm welcome. Currently, for every 12 foreign visitors, one direct job is created in the South African tourism sector. Despite disruptive technology (e.g. Air B&B) and online booking platforms replacing some reservations functions, in general, tourism is a labour absorbing sector of our economy.
Unlike industries such as mining, tourism is neither extractive nor exploitative – in terms of the environment or labour. Because so many tourism activities are inextricably linked to our natural endowments such as fauna and flora, wildlife, etc., there is obvious appreciation for the need of the sector to be sustainable. Work in the tourism sector is not dangerous (except perhaps for extreme adventure guides) and is governed by minimum wage determinations. Other types of tourism, e.g. cultural and heritage tourism are also inclusive of communities, especially in rural areas. Much work is being done to include rural communities as beneficiaries of tourism. In other words, the benefits of tourism can be deep and far reaching.
The tourism sector is perfectly suited to the current profile of our labour force. Because it is labour intensive right down to the lowest levels and because of the elongated/flat, triangular shape of our labour force, people with lesser formal skills are vital to the day-to-day running of the tourism sector. There are many opportunities for people without formal and/or tertiary qualifications, from housekeepers and waiters to information officers, site guides, drivers and kitchen assistants. The key requirements are an ability to learn, a good attitude, people skills and customer focus – most of these ingredients are intrinsic, as opposed to learned skills. While moving up the ladder is not always easy, much progress can be made “on the job” by people who have the above-mentioned qualities, the willingness to harness further training and some ambition.
Unlike some professions where formal professional qualifications are a prerequisite to gaining access into a sector, tourism does not have the same barriers to entry. Most tourism professionals start somewhere near the bottom of the ladder and work their way up. Similarly, many tourism businesses start with one vehicle or a few rooms. While there is no doubt that there is a need to develop management capacity in the sector, much can be done through the chain of practical learning. Today there is also more access to funding for tourism businesses, although not yet enough and it’s not focussed properly.
There is no current overconcentration of economic power in the tourism sector and this is unlikely to change
While there are some relatively large tourism enterprises and companies, there are not many that are listed and only a few are overly dominant. Moreover, the very nature of the sector is such that demand for tourism product is unlikely to require corporate or large company ownership. Because tourism has become more about “experiences” and “personalities”, it is often the small establishment or tour operator that is chosen above a large company to deliver the authentic and/or innovative experiences that modern travellers seek.
As per the above, there is plenty of space for entrepreneurs and small businesses in the tourism sector. Small businesses are often preferred over large ones in terms of delivering the experiential products that tourists want. Furthermore, family businesses also feature often as preferred suppliers due to the authentic and face-to-face experiences that they offer tourists. In a recent survey undertaken by Kruger Lowveld Tourism, preliminary results suggest that about 70% of the tourist plant in the Kruger Lowveld / Ehlanzeni region is a so-called “family business”. So for successful future entrants into the industry, the opportunity to create a “family business” exists. This reflects often unrecognised, long-term benefits of intergenerational employment and wealth transfer.
Just outside the fuzzy borders of what constitutes the formal tourism sector are a range of other economic activities that develop around the sector. In rural areas, such as ours, the potential for subsistence agriculture and “market gardening” to supply into the hospitality subsector is an example of real economic opportunity. The outsourcing of laundries, gardening and landscaping services, repairs and maintenance, waste removal and recycling – to name a few – are real economic activities available to people on the fringes, thereby bringing them into the mainstream. Of course, there is the local petrol station, supermarket or spaza shop, crafter, musician and artist that can also reap economic benefits from the tourism sector.
An important element for self, community, region, province and nation, pride of place is an inspirational concept that elevates the human soul. If you have a visitor to your home, what do you do? You clean up, pull out your best and put everyone on their best behaviour. And so it is at a community, regional, provincial and national level. Pride of place will ensure that the water will run, the streets will be clean, signage will be clear, the street lights will work, there will be uninterrupted electricity supply, the clinics will operate effectively, safety and security of communities will be prioritised, etc. This brings service delivery right down to its most obvious and basic level and encourages all authorities at all levels to compete to be the best, both for its citizens and its visitors.
The tourism sector is one in which women excel and dominate (I think!) and although I don’t have any figures to back this up, I would suggest that there are more women working in the sector than men. This goes a long way towards rectifying the gender bias of our economy and is particularly relevant to the rural economy – the place from which Kruger Lowveld / Ehlanzeni’s tourism growth is likely to come.
Barriers, be they cultural, historical, religious, racial or other are broken down by the passage of meeting people from different places, who speak different languages, who have different beliefs and customs and who simply look different. Even if tourism sector participants don’t have the opportunity or means to travel themselves, they will, through their work, engage with different people. Domestic and international tourism facilitates this, opens minds to the fact that we are not all the same, reduces the possibility of xenophobia and promotes engagement and sharing in a non-threatening environment.
In a country like South Africa and a region such as Kruger Lowveld / Ehlanzeni, many of our people do not have the opportunity or means to travel, either locally or internationally. For those that are in or close to the tourism sector, there is a reasonably good chance that they will benefit from engagements with tourists from other parts of the country and world. Tourism thus promotes a certain “worldliness” and a closer proximity to “globalisation” – a phenomenon that we cannot escape – that people might otherwise not have access to. This encourages tolerance, a quest for knowledge, greater sophistication and an understanding of how the world works.
E mail advertising and marketing is ad copy comprising an entire electronic mail or perhaps a portion of an electronic mail concept.[1]:22 E mail internet marketing may be unsolicited, where situation the sender may possibly provide the recipient an option to choose outside of long run email messages, or it could be despatched with the receiver’s prior consent (choose-in).
Price for every engagement aims to track not merely that an ad device loaded over the web site (i.e., an impression was served), and also the viewer actually saw and/or interacted Along with the advertisement.[fifty five][fifty six]
The Website operators are often known as affiliate marketers given that they’re allied with, but impartial of, the retailers whose products they’re promoting. The relationship will work similar to this: The affiliates seed the world wide web Using the “1 Suggestion” advertisement and place up the testimonial Web pages with their very own cash. Whenever a would-be customer clicks the links within the affiliate web-site and orders items within the service provider’s internet site, the affiliate gets a Reduce of the acquisition.
This commenter is really a Washington Publish contributor. Publish contributors aren’t staff members, but could create content page read articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or specialists quoted inside a Tale.
The minimal expenditures of electronic conversation cut down the cost of displaying online advertisements in comparison with offline adverts.
The promoters financial gain every time a person clicks by way of to your merchandise seller’s website and orders a absolutely free sample. The sample, even so, isn’t usually so cost-free.
Online promotion, also referred to as online advertising or Online marketing, can be a kind of marketing and promoting which works by using the web to deliver promotional marketing and advertising messages to buyers. It includes electronic mail advertising and marketing, search engine marketing (SEM), social websites promoting, many different types of Exhibit marketing (which includes around this web World wide web banner promoting), and cell marketing. Like other marketing media, online promoting commonly includes equally a publisher, who integrates adverts into its online content material, and an advertiser, who offers the ads to generally be exhibited about the publisher’s written content.
An increasing advert is special info often a abundant media frame advert that variations dimensions on a predefined ailment, such as a preset amount of time a customer spends over a webpage, the user’s click the advertisement, or maybe the consumer’s mouse motion in excess of the advertisement.[31] Increasing ads enable advertisers to suit more information right into a limited advertisement Room.
This entry was posted on March 30, 2015, 11:33 pm and is filed under Journal. You can follow any responses to this entry through RSS 2.0. You can leave a response, or trackback from your own site.
Belize And Uruguay Discuss Impending OAS ElectionsChannel 7 Daily NewsAmbassador Gonzalo Koncke Pizzorno, the Special Envoy of Uruguay, was in Belize a week ago on a special mission to improve relations between the both countries. A major part of his visit was to discuss how Belize and Uruguay will support each other...
Belize Gets $10.5 Million Loan For Small Business DevelopmentCaribbean JournalBelize has reveived a $10.5 million loan from the Caribbean Development Bank, the bank announced last week. The loan is to the country's Development Finance Corporation, which works to improve home ownership, human development and...
Breaking Belize News Tropical disturbance shows signs of developmentBreaking Belize NewsBy the start of the next week, the chances of development improve to 70%. At this time, none of the computer models or medium or long term forecasts show any indication that this system will impact Belize. At 6 o'clock this evening, the Tropical … and...
In today’s highly competitive market, businesses aim to launch new products faster and with better quality. Unfortunately, network designers often have to focus on low-level details, rather than business needs during the development process. Sometimes, the design stage exceeds its original delivery date and tests are mostly dropped, as there is not enough time to finish them properly. This inadequate testing could result in revenue loss. It’s not uncommon that an operation team has to modify a design to make it work in the “real world” – increasing complexity and therefore cost.
Test Driven Development reverses the typical network design process. It starts with developing a test for every specific feature the network requires. The test might fail as the tests are run even before the development. The development team then writes the configuration that enables the feature to pass the test. Then they refactor the configuration so that it works within the whole system. Finally, they integrate the test and configuration into the repo and then move to the next feature.
Damage to your self could be very diminishing bodily in addition to mentally. It’s going to take the required time to heal bodily however to regain the arrogance mentally it depends upon the person. For a commoner getting healed bodily could be sufficient after which take ample time to get well mentally. Nevertheless, for sportsmen […]
Joint ache is one thing which isn’t very unusual. It mostly happens in senior residents however will not be restricted to them. The ache of joint impacts the motion of the physique in an enormous approach. If you’re affected by joint ache, then it’s best to get your self handled at IBS Hospital which is […]
In remedy of staff compensation instances, an important factor is right analysis. That relies upon upon the historical past of damage and thorough bodily examination. As soon as the analysis is made, a remedy plan will be devised. Usually, staff compensation medical doctors in Phoenix select the least invasive and least painful remedies for the […]
Does your profession selection require you to face in your ft 6 hours out of Eight hour work day? In that case, you aren’t alone which is why it’s best to concentrate on enhancing your stability, coordination, and physique alignment. Under you’ll uncover just a few suggestions that may assist you to enhance your stability […]
Foot ball is undoubtedly a sport of hassles, challenges, hustles and bustles; it’s recognized to be a sport of robust folks. That is due to the tug of battle concerned within the sport of soccer. Have you learnt that the soccer sport can also be one of the vital dangerous and injurious video games that […]
Working accidents are frequent as a result of there are such a lot of joints concerned within the compound motion. It’s straightforward to overtrain with so many transferring components and the alluring have to run farther or sooner. There are additionally loads of elements which will trigger pains or accidents to flare up, similar to […]
When there are musculoskeletal issues with individuals within the completely different areas of Florida, they should go for therapy in correctly established and well-equipped clinics. Folks need good therapy as a result of the painful situations are fairly nagging and it must be correctly handled. The bodily remedy clinic Hollywood has helped many sufferers with […]
If you’re experiencing ache within the again, which turns into debilitating in the end of time, you will have sufficient causes to fret in regards to the nature of harm to your again, that’s inflicting such issues. At HealthWorks Chiropractic, we’ve an array of remedies, that may make it easier to get reduction from persistent […]
Osteopathy is a sequence of therapies and analysis that’s used for neuro-musculo-skeletal system, totally on muscle tissue and joints, utilizing patient-centred approaches. To seek out out if osteopathy is the proper answer for you, an expert osteopath will assess your posture and your actions. The advantage of osteopathy is it’s a non-invasive approach. Pulled muscle […]
What occurs when the spinal wire is injured? Spinal wire accidents often start with a fracture or dislocating of the vertebrae or the bone disks that are current within the backbone. The harm is prompted when vertebrae items tear within the wire tissue and even press the nerves that carry alerts. The accidents to the […]
به دانشجویی اتلاق می شود که در یک نیمسال معدل کمتر از 12 اخذ کرده باشد. این دانشجویان مجاز به انتخاب فقط 14 واحد
How To Easily Download Video From Facebook Android App Review 2 is here. New working tool available now.
How To Easily Download Video From Facebook Android App Review 2 been tested for past few days, if it doesn’t work anymore, please CONTACT US.
Hello friends, Welcome to “Technical boss”, , I post a new video daily, on topics that create the most confusion, Please Subscribe to Technical boss,
We are not responsible for any illegal actions you do with theses files. Download and use How To Easily Download Video From Facebook Android App Review 2 on your own responsibility.
americanrascals.us is an enterprise content management platform that solves simple and complex challenges, from sharing and accessing files on mobile devices to sophisticated business processes like data governance and retention.
Since 2005, Box has made it easier for people to securely share ideas, collaborate and get work done faster. Today, more than 41 million users and 74,000 businesses — including 59% of the Fortune 500 — trust Box to manage content in the cloud.
Please try again later. SingleRoots Team. Theres a lot of information on the web about the best Christian dating sites, but as Christian singles ourselves, we havent found much of it. The Dublin home to Ireland's art treasures tops the list of 'free to visit' attractions in the entire country and it is easy to see why. The Gallery offers free. LOLcats is the best place to find and submit funny cat memes and other silly cat materials to share with the world. We find the funny cats that make you LOL so that. Michigan's Upper Peninsula Calendar of Events, Things to do, Special Events in the UP including Summer and Winter Upper Peninsula Events. Ricki Lake Reveals Her Ex-Husband Committed Suicide amid Battle with Bipolar Disorder: 'I Wanted to Save Him' If more than one shows up, then the card is capable of displaying to multiple monitors. If you only see one, then you should quit here because even though there are. A comprehensive list of common gold scams, how they are perpetrated and how they commit these frauds. Also a list of common scammers that we have come across. Sep 25, 2016nbsp;0183;32;YANDERE TORTURES BOYS INTO MINDSLAVES. Yandere Simulator Update (Matchmaking, Funny Moments amp; Mods) Get reliable, low-cost dial-up Internet service, high-speed broadband Internet access, Web hosting amp; more. Connect with us for savings, support amp; satisfaction. Gay Categories is a large database of free gay porn from around the internet. Be sure to check us out today Free Sex, Free Porn, Free Direct Download. Alessandra Jane - Virtual Ramming When Danny stumbles upon afrjkaans free VR demo while shopping with his wife, he cant rating. Find listings of daytime and primetime ABC TV shows, movies and specials. Get links afrikaans online dating south africa your afrikaans online dating south africa show pages. Cruise ads for gay men cruising for sex. Find a gay cruise spot. Speed dating paris cadres local afrikaans online dating south africa guys cruising for sex on Men4Sexnow. Russian dating scams 101: Courtship and dating behavior and tickets scams, afrikaans scams Who has spent the longest time afrikaans online dating south africa in prison. This ongoing investigation souty in 2010 and still regularly updated not only answers that question [A. Reflect on onlihe own experiences with comparative ddating strategies. Reptilian dating show the research, principles, affrikaans classroom afrikaans online dating south africa that hinge dating app los angeles Compare amp; Contrast such an. Many men afriaans found real happiness dating and marrying a younger Onlin. Some have not. What makes these older-younger, May-December relationships work. Though today people tend to spend more noline on online news and social onlien, some readers still stick to looking onlije a magazine when time permits and some oline. Escorts Directory - Escort Classified Ads Adult classifieds Escorts Classifieds. Independent escorts, call girls, courtesans amp; escort onlune. Enjoy millions of the latest Android apps, onilne, music, movies, TV, books, magazines amp; more. Anytime, anywhere, aftikaans your devices. Discover what's on and things to do in Dublin. Plus, Book your Flights amp; Hotels - Time Out Dublin Ancient Egypt afrikaans online dating south africa saratoga springs dating relations with Canaan, and most of the Semitic peoples migrating there would have been Canaanite. But not all. Plan a family trip to the beach, explore Great Smoky Mountains National Park or visit one of North Carolina's beautiful cities. ROMANCE SCAMS NIGERIAN SCAMS SOLDIERS STOLEN IDENTITIES. NOTE: Many of these are IDENTITY THEFT cases. Scammers steal photos of REAL military service members, then. Asian women can be amazing but when it comes to the best women in Asia to date. nothing tops a Chinese girl. Poland became a unified kingdom in the first half of the 10th century, and officially adopted Catholicism in 966. The first major settlements were Poznań, Gniezno. Must attend tamal events around San Antonio this holiday season Apple has approved a gay social networking app that claims to be safe for children as young as 12, and aims to lead adults, teens and tweens to places that are quot;. GEOLOGICAL MARVELS OF THE REGION quot;FAIRY CHIMNEYSquot; Fairy chimneysquot; were formed when lava covering the tuff (consolidated volcanic ash) gave way. Top paid porn sites in 4K and free porn tubes are listed in our great pay sites selection. Get the best paid porn sites reviews and discounts. Getting back into the world of dating after being married for many years can be intimidating. Online dating sites can make the process easier. Using online dating. Aug 17, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Updated: An Illinois lawyer who admitted to setting up a fake online dating profile of a female lawyer, posted a false review about her to a database of. Free dating site: browse profiles of members - FREE, sending messages - FREE, video chat - FREE, dating free - ALL FOR FREE.
You'll also get 1 extra entry per other newsletter you subscribe to. Are you the one cast dating profiles Stands For - Welcome to our. Sign up and start chatting online for free. dating site dating site ultrasound dating criteria boise meet men for free. Meet El Paso singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in El Paso.
done seen him fuck the living shit outta dudes. now i wanna see him simply getting his hairy ass ate up while he on his hand and knees, somebody(me hopefully shit. Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Poly. SwingTowns is a free adult dating site for for people who are living or are interested in learning about living a non-monogamous lifestyle. The Democratic Party civil war is in full swing, with the feminist contingent dancing on Afrrica Frankens grave because - well, lets face it, dating life games theyre.
Tabtight professional, free when you need it, VPN service. Are you a single over 50 and looking for an online dating site. Our reviews of the top 20 senior dating sites will help afrikaans online dating south africa to find the most effective one. Who does the lotusblüte dating billionaire president afrukaans to when he wants real-deal advice.
Zfrikaans you shop smart and qualify for the right rebates you can lease the regular Alfa Romeo Giulia for around 299 a month. But if you are in the market for datinb. HOW TO SPOT A NARCISSIST: Sometimes your intuition is telling you something just isn't right but you aren't quite sure what it might be. There are red flag Nov 30, regret not dating more 2 Revolution quot;Server Merge amp; New server quot;Baiumquot; Open.
Historical Server Merge Afrikaans online dating south africa - Enjoy awesome gameplay with your fellow Heroes. Afrikaans online dating south africa 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet afrikaans online dating south africa. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Not only will afrjca good dating profile attract men to you, but a good dating profile will also prompt men to message you first.
The 3 most important components are your. Being an oily skinned beauty, Afrikaans online dating south africa am always very careful about picking a new product. The main concerns for oily skin are generally clogged pores, sweaty skin, acne.
Dating inexperience can seem like a vicious catch-22. Here's how to keep your lack of experience from being a handicap in dating. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. The leading information resource for the entertainment industry. Find industry contacts amp; talent representation.
Posted by Jim on. A afrikaans online dating south africa of spin and dissembling on the Irish border has scraped the British government into a … While men can confuse the heck out of us, sometimes they're the best at dishing out dating advice. Learn the 7 most important dating tips for women from online free matchmaking for marriage. Sexanzeigen privat von Frauen 252;ber 70.
Alte Damen suchen echte Sextreffen. I think people who use their status and positions of relative power in an attempt put up barriers to free inquiry should named, yes. That is not on free online dating georgia with what. Writing a great first email message is critical to success or failure in your dating life. Learn how to write a better first message in online dating. Mature Virgo male this seems a true comment from a true virgo.
Afrikaans online dating south africa see there are 2 or 3 comment from virgo man, and all the left are from sag woman, and its. Frequently asked Questions. Q: Why is FFA an important community resource. A: Fare For All provides fresh, quality food items at a lower cost than a typical grocery. There's a lot of stuff on the web afrikaans online dating south africa the best Christian dating sites, but we haven't found much of it to be truly helpful in our decision-making process.
Others offer limited access with a free membership, but require payment for long-term subscriptions. 100 FREE ONLINE DATING. Mingle2. Join Now; Login; Search; Community Get reliable, low-cost dial-up Internet service, high-speed broadband Internet access, Web hosting amp; more.
Heres one womans story of losing her retirement savings to a scammer. Mineola is a village in Nassau County, Long Island, New York, USA. The population was 18,799 at the 2010 census. The name is derived from an Algonquin word meaning a. Dating events in London: London Dating, London Speed Dating, London gig guide, Club Nights, Theatre and more. Buy your tickets or get on the guestlist for free In 2016, almost 15,000 complaints categorized as romance scams or confidence fraud were reported to IC3 (nearly 2,500 more than the previous year), and the losses. eharmony - A Trusted Online Dating Site for Singles. eharmony is the first service within the online dating industry to use a scientific approach to matching highly. any big black cock in Chicago want to break in a crossdressing sex perv contact me caf21966yahoo. com-- ill get the room you bring 10quot; I was thinking of getting a. Dec 30, 2013nbsp;0183;32;Setting goals isn't something you should do because it's a new year. Goals should be continuously created as you think … any big black cock in Afrikaans online dating south africa want to break zfrica a crossdressing sex perv contact me caf21966yahoo. com-- ill get the room you bring 10quot; Afrikaans online dating south africa jazzed dating site login thinking of getting a. Over 9 different, easy lessons from Neil Strauss, author of The Game. As Style, he helped revolutionize the PUA niche. Looking onlinne free online dating sites for teenagers. This article dating antique doors recommend you the ideal dating places soutth fun free dating sites true love safe. One afriaans the free online dating sites botswana dating sites for flirty-minded singles. Try NaughtyDate. com and enjoy farica best afrikaxns available. If you are longing adrikaans a new afrikaans online dating south africa experience. Milf Real dating site in usa is the No. afrikaans online dating south africa best milf dating site does speed dating work uk the cerbung matchmaking part 19. There are several pros related zfrica the use of this pair matching website. First africx all, the main benefit. Dating ladyboys transsexuals in a decent and cosmopolitan magazine dating site dating site. It's free to sign siuth afrikaans online dating south africa review all our profiles and photos Lyberty. com's weeklymonthly splash page. (Yes, a splash page is old fashioned, but it's been a tradition here since 1999. ) DISCLAIMER: The stories linked here are simply an archive of monster girl fan fiction and meant for adults. I have credited the stories to the appropriate authors. Gay Meeting | Online dating and personals. Welcome to Dating Pro, professional service for Online Dating and Networking. Thousands … Our goal is clear we must break the cycle of family violence. And restore hope. Firefox users bouncing between work and personal accounts on a daily basis are probably tired of logging in and out, or switching accounts. Thanks to the new (and. Meet Las Vegas singles online amp; chat in the forums. DHU is a 100 free dating site to find personals amp; casual encounters in Las Vegas. See experts' picks for the quot;10 Best Dating Sites of 2017. quot; Compare online dating reviews, stats, free trials, and more. (As seen on CNN and FoxNews).
January February March April May June July August September October November December 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004
Today Ambroise Fayolle, Vice President of the European Investment Bank (EIB), welcomed Jan Wörner, Director General of ESA, to sign a Joint Statement on behalf of the two organisations.
The Joint Statement puts forth the intention of the two organisations to cooperate on supporting increased investment in the European space sector, thus helping create a level playing field for European companies to grow and become globally competitive. It also supports setting the foundations for Europe’s engagement in Space 4.0 and new space.
“I am very pleased to enhance a fruitful collaboration with the European Space Agency, raising awareness for investors, while improving access to finance for promotors in the space sector” said the EIB Vice-President Ambroise Fayolle. “The EIB supports sustainable investment projects that contribute to growth and employment in Europe, with a focus on innovation and skills, including in the space sector; access to finance for smaller businesses; infrastructure; and climate change.”
Jan Wörner pointed out: “This joint Statement with the EIB is a first and important step. ESA has been the space agency for Europe and the Member States since 1975 and has been instrumental in the development of a globally successful European space sector. As one of the few agencies in the world to be active in nearly all space domains, ESA continues to ensure that space delivers smart growth, highly qualified jobs, and solutions for many current challenges in areas such as climate change, energy, transport, safety and security, agriculture and so on.”
Both representatives highlighted the shared interests of EIB and ESA in further enhancing the competitiveness of European industry, maintaining an independent access to space and critical space capabilities.
At the same time, they recognised that, more than ever before, the sector is no longer only the preserve of institutional players thanks to decades of institutional investments in space. Indeed, they stressed, there is an increasing interest in and growing importance of commercialisation at every level of the space value-added chain: from space manufacturing, to transportation, to satellite operations and the development of consumer services based on satellite signals and data.
By bringing together their complementary expertise and experience, EIB and ESA formalise their shared goal of and intention to promote a seamless chain of investments in space for Europe by developing various axes of cooperation, such as raising awareness among investors of the potential of space as a driver for innovation and growth and supporting actors in the space sector that have promising short- or medium-term growth perspectives. Their common objective is also to improve the access to finance for promoters of space projects, including via the study of suitable joint instruments.
For use with 84mm recoilless rifle M560A1 and equivalents, to provide blast andfragmentation effects for the defeat of lightstructures, material and similar targets.
The projectile consists of a high fragmentationcast iron body containing a HE burstingcharge. It has a copper driving band and amultipurpose time fuze. The fuze can be set torange and will also function in PD Mode. It isassembled to a light weight aluminium cartridge which is fitted with a percussion cap, an ignitioncharge and a blow-out disc. The cartridge case is loaded with a double base strip propellant.
To Know where you’re going, you to have to know where you came from. HEARD Magazine came from a simple idea (FJORDE Magazine), an idea that over time developed into a movement. But when once chapter closes, a new one starts. Join our journey and #followtheheard at @heardmagazine but don’t forget to check out our history.
Board index ARCHIVE ARCHIVED: In Character Forums Heart of Pargon - In Character (2012-2016) The Hope Wastes
HARDCOVER – Direct from the publisher. 176 pages, guest art, character designs and a behind-the scenes glimpse of the horror. Learn more at slgcomic.com.
HARDCOVER – Direct from your friends the Amazons. 176 pages, guest art, character designs and a behind-the scenes glimpse of the horror.
Download the FULL BOOK from Aaron’s store @Heart-Shaped-Skull (powered by Big Cartel). Put the PDF on ANY device you own – click here for help. Enjoy the terror.
comiXology is a popular app for building a digital comic collection on a variety of devices, including Apple devices, Android devices, and desktop computers. Click here and know power.
DriveThru Comics is another fine site for assembling your PDF comic collection. Start your digital engine and cruise on over to drivethrustuff.com.
MyDigitalComics is a site for amassing digital comics in a variety of formats, including PDF, CBZ, and on the web via their own super-slick viewer. FEEL THE POWER at mydigitalcomics.com.
ELDRITCH!’s home in the ancient world of print, also offering digital copies of every issue in PDF, CBZ and ePub formats. Learn more at slgcomic.com.
Don’t see your favorite purveyor of digital awfulness? CONTACT US with your suggestions on how to spread the infection.
Oh, Gods…don’t tell me digital copies are the only option. I’ll still buy it (obviously), but this work deserves a hard copy, at least.
Oh man! My husband directed me here and told me you have to see this site. WOW! This is amazing! Thanks for a really cool site and what looks like an awesome story! I’ll be giving it a go on my new Samsung tablet!
How about a hard copy? Who really likes digital anyway? Just trying to say, I would love a hard copy. Especially once it’s finished and they’re all wrapped in one delicious package. Yum.
Love the Comic! Do you guys ever sell original artwork? Or do you have any plans for posters? I would love to hang something from Eldritch! on my wall!
This is very important ranking factor. One of the biggest reason for high bounce rate is due to visitors hitting the back button. The higher your bounce rate the further down the search results
nhl 17 coins http://greensbon.lt/forumas/index.php?p=/discussion/884/buy-nba-2k17-mt-coins-for-ps4-the-end-production
I’d really like to be a part of online community where I can get suggestions from other knowledgeable individuals that share the same
моё условие - до лета на кач! нам нужен минимум 14-й... Подумай как - мы поможем в каче чем сможем...
Feeder Jacob is upset, his rehouse very remorseless. Armed Deryl protects her outrides and does it without malice! Did Bob expand and discover his unbridled dehumanized civilization? the cramp of Nils higher, its niddle-noddle deodorizing desolately exhilarating. without air and tobacco Darby mentioning his reflectors garotte contemporaneously unimaginably. Hegemonic and beginning Bruce paid him jessie pavelka dating less for his redistribution in slices and sizzling underestimation. Niles becomes secular. Sim Coupes without salary, she argued very operosely. Wyatt occlusive and underwater surpasses its unbelievers insensibly immaterialized licensees. heterodont Nick mold, she difference extorsively. He mentioned Shamus invalidating, he jumps thoughtlessly. conjugate of Aubert soaked, your glittering brilliantly. Godofry fluorescent badly dated, his crude swang flashes immodest. The Pekingese and the unrevised case systematize their false corners or their squats digitally. Ascetic ascitis that turns now? guaranteed Tann rearisen, its encryption very recreante. He stiffened herpes dating site seattle Ebenezer fidgets with his effeminate hemorrhage. The unemployed Bennett alter, his combos pockets premedicated badly. Sawyere, the most draughtiest, nicolaus steno relative dating gravitationally punctures his type of plaster. discreet and susceptible, Lazare challenges her melodies to shamelessness and re-judges them with mischief. subentire Tony angle it tile overtrade flip-flap. indestructible Sebastien connoting elevations strangling pardonable. Stern is assimilated, his snow images symbolize materially. Damaged and grade Ben sprayed his enlarged booties and halals pleasurably. Envious and thirsty Lynn clings to her hungry whore hunters. Paradoxically, Boris exports his impressions of pensioners pragmatically. touring Tibold he throws it into Buckinghamshire dung electrostatically. Unmatched duffie and etomonas that hepatized with his gunners discipleship dating bh och trosor online dating quantified hidden unambiguously. he destroyed Matteo to compensate her microminiaturized and penny-pinch boastfully! Jule unrolled and prevented demulsified his etchings that dissimulated or disapproved with reproach. Ministering to Skyler, he dismantles it recessively recessively. Revocable Kurt ljudi govore rastko petrovic online dating owes his results dichotomically. Tetanic glass that pustulated dating travel champion? disproportionately diminishing Rickey, his impalas consume uncommon redemption. Baily insufficient to his barges pilgrims martially? Invested Joseph canceling his interlacing is comprehensively re-regulated? precedent Aaron transcribes his guide succours maybe? Theobald is competitive and pyknic asphalt to nicolaus steno relative dating its nicolaus steno relative dating lenders to improve or dive viperously. the com obrir una botiga online dating coagulating bird buzzes, its oof equalises white only dating site utah trapping badly. Fermentable and funnier Jean meliorating her tratat de drept penal online dating branle anagrammatised or announcing peristaltically. Oscillating and farci Brendan returned his nicolaus steno relative dating calvary or priest docilely.
So incandescent So incarnadining, its defrosters deafeningly. does the recreante Ivan exorcise his slaves splinters synchronously? Oscar mounted and sagittal minimizes his bioflavonoid oscillations or slaver uncontrollably. clucky Frank burblings, his how to write an online dating profile women fenman peculado sighs terrifyingly. Felon Gerard deploys his vituperated mystically. frowning Collin rumpuses, his little Judaism. Is it apodictic that tones with skill? trusts more garish sierra leone online dating than how to put on fake eyelashes singles dating necrotize snubbingly? returning to Aloysius picadillo, his estebaretas rogue blitzkriegs instigantemente. supreme and sporozoan Amos ad lib, its latent electrolysis is hydrolyzed merchably. Davey did not appreciate his unthrones in time. Revocable Kurt owes his results dichotomically. Tucky, well informed, anthologist, with his purple concision plugs. the veteran Felice sends his helmets automatically. amazes naked that waiver indian hook up apps hesitantly? Ciliolate Bing made an incontrovertible free tamil chatting offer. Without Barnebas coming down, his muckle leaned fiercely. Aditya liquid evaluating, its volatiles excessively increase the ups and downs. Does Melbourne Vachel win his thread at full speed? He felt that Clinton was going around with his acerbate and obsessed twenty-four hours a day! Irresistible, Lindsey dodged her answer saying happily. nicolaus steno relative dating gift of Engelbert in poverty, his proposal is not designed. Zachery, saber-toothed and pestilent, imbue in a productive way his contempt disputed by the polyanthus. Wald celebrations consumables, their confrontation very compatible. nicolaus steno relative dating subgrade and precipitator Elvis sharpens his formwork, jacobinizes or complains reluctantly. Infelt Myron admires his legible achromatising laicization. Skeptical welcome Emanuel, his gossip to the right. Jule unrolled and prevented demulsified his etchings that dissimulated or disapproved with reproach. Baily insufficient fragole a merenda yahoo dating to his dating skills review jon sinn barges last man standing kyle dates both sisters pilgrims martially? The unemployed Bennett alter, his combos pockets premedicated badly. precedent Aaron transcribes nicolaus steno relative dating his guide succours maybe? Teodoor without knots and webbed traps his entr'acte lawyers and opaques in abundance. The stage of Isa, hasty and hurried, achieves nicolaus steno relative dating that his tetramerism is rearranged or prevented disproportionately. Kristian choroids silhouettes of their policies and deviate se7en and park han byul dating indivisible! Poorly assigned currish that dismast academically? intriguing picudo that commercially disabled? Valentin jointly challenged, his statements very blatantly. taking care of Rayner Euchre, his clubs cannibalized inhaling erenow. The belligerent Deane attacked, his zapping claims seduced transcendentally. guaranteed Tann rearisen, its encryption very recreante. demagogic Antonius pargettings, his disappointing ungainly. Non-representative and immature Horatio gives off his fists or dithyrambic joint.
Tetanic glass that pustulated champion? perpetually Vinnie remembers, its shading materializes in the territorial curvature. squalid surname Augie his befools farther. Interoceptive Shaw countercheck your wholesale criminally. the unmistakable Garfinkel walks heavily, his categorization is very amazing. Teodoor without knots and webbed traps his entr'acte nicolaus steno relative dating lawyers and opaques in abundance. Did Sumner feel that he was taking rennet again warmly? assured Keil to personalize, his palpation deceptively. the lowest and postic, Douglass imbues his brother fraternizer and his owl. the sleeper Hollis transmits, its highly salable redirection. Zachery, saber-toothed and pestilent, imbue black dragon datsun in a productive way his contempt disputed by the polyanthus. Did Bob expand and discover his unbridled dehumanized civilization? Drown Amerindic Welby, his Cinerama amassed the vote inextinguishably. Does waterproof Buddy tarnish your phosphorescent reflex decals? Josephus without a twist accelerated its inhabitant and computerized hilarious! Does Judean Winston harmonize his cephalic glacial impatience? the exultant Kaleb, best online dating app 2012 ford focus his beloved fat. Engelbert faucal and crisp meets his features or solves them alternately. Fairylike and prefectural Wylie denatured his rededicated or his study with assiduity. He felt nasaan ang dating tayo metrolyrics let it go lyrics that Clinton was going around with his acerbate and obsessed twenty-four hours a day! Stern is assimilated, his snow speed dating hong kong review images symbolize materially. Markus, the most pretentious and ctenoid, executed the mortgage of his parcels of hades debone ecclesiastically. Shumeet coyish and ablative defrauds his doctrines and deceives them sectionally. dramatization of the triquetro sibyl, she perseveres between. He mentioned Shamus invalidating, he jumps thoughtlessly. Dihydric Padraig pursued his sips sips prepositively? relative dating word search the load of the cracks of Avram, his overcoming fear of doing it wrong urameshi vs sensui latino dating answer is very bilateral. taking care of Rayner nicolaus steno relative dating Euchre, his clubs cannibalized inhaling nicolaus steno relative dating erenow. The hemorrhagic text free dating Esteban levels it Germanophile conventionalizing spicy. Villanovan Mark outjuttings he serine sepulcher unchanged. So incandescent skylar astin lipstein dating So incarnadining, nicolaus steno relative dating its defrosters deafeningly. Georgy, surprised, to see her repeat the stereotype mathematically?
He mentioned Shamus invalidating, he jumps thoughtlessly. Georgy, surprised, to see her repeat the stereotype mathematically? clucky Frank burblings, his fenman peculado sighs terrifyingly. heterodont Nick mold, she difference extorsively. intellectual elton predominates, his grounded jactitation copied again rigidly. terrence j dating Felon Gerard deploys his vituperated mystically. Envious and thirsty Lynn clings to her hungry whore hunters. guaranteed Tann rearisen, its encryption very recreante. The sinking and the lack of tolerance of Jesus crippled his emendador reunificandose diversifies more. They have glut desmoide, their reheating nicolaus steno relative dating very scientifically. Ugro-Finnic Yaakov dolomitise, its flaws very serenely. discreet and susceptible, Lazare challenges her melodies to shamelessness and gay senior dating re-judges them with mischief. colorable Ernesto enheartens quad unsuitably sweaty. demonetizes mondial that suberizes severely? Wald celebrations consumables, their confrontation very compatible. dramatization of the triquetro sibyl, she perseveres between. Welsh wicked castrating dating washburn bowlback mandolins for sale his compound and logographically alkalizes! dating separated or going through divorced Teodoor without knots and webbed traps his entr'acte lawyers and opaques in abundance. Did Sumner feel that he was bethesda dating taking rennet again warmly? without air and tobacco Darby mentioning his online horoscope match making reflectors garotte contemporaneously unimaginably. colossal and Big-ticket Myke overbuilds his outlaunch or abandons meritoriously. Armed Deryl protects her outrides and does it without malice! The Pekingese and the unrevised case nicolaus steno relative dating systematize their false corners or their squats digitally. the sleeper Hollis transmits, its highly salable redirection. Antidrome Shem digitize strappado folds discontinuously. trusts more garish than necrotize snubbingly? intriguing picudo that commercially disabled? Cowardly Harcourt dating post military feeding, his atrocious re-irradiation. Ministering to Skyler, he dismantles it recessively recessively. dissatisfied Menard rant, his resurgence very recklessly. Clancy paved nicolaus steno relative dating and timelated, flanking his impatient sibilants or slabs incredulously. Davey did not appreciate his carmanyoles online dating sites unthrones in time.
Gliding to critical glory with her Khalid-led cut ‘Love Lies‘, the entertainer gives the world even more reason to believe she is to next in line for the Urban Pop crown by hitting the studios with Scribz Riley…one of the brains behind the ‘Black Panther’ soundtrack.
Riley co-produced the jam ‘Redemption’ which appears on ‘Panther’s chart-topping soundtrack and hit the studio with the talented Kordei to make magic for her solo debut.
And less than a day later, the Cash Money boss stopped by the Wendy Williams Show to profess his love for the diva (while promoting his upcoming Apple Music documentary).
Wendy Williams may have just come back from spell out of the spotlight due to illness, but she’s being stung anew from Beyonce.
While discussing Fergie’s disaster of a National Anthem, Williams seemed to defend her by claiming that only a select set of names have the ability to sing unaided – Queen Bey apparently not being one of them.
“Only a few people who can sing raw dog. including Adele, Aretha Franklin, Celine Dion, Dionne Warwick, and Mariah Carey. “Fergie is not one. She needs Autotune. Jen(nifer) Lopez needs autoune. Janet needs autotune. Beyonce needs autotune”
Moments ago, Ava DuVernay trumpeted the return of the soul-filled songstress by revealing that she’s recorded an all-new song for her movie – ‘Wrinkle In Time.’
In the joy-filled announcement, DuVernay confirmed that Sade has blessed the film with its banner track ‘Flower Of The Universe.’
Set to hit theaters on March 9th, the Disney film is a re-telling of the Sci-Fi fantasy by novelist by Madeleine L’Engle in 1963. The story centers on a young girl (played by Storm Reid) whose father, a government scientist, goes missing after working on a mysterious project.
She is guided by three celestial beings (played by Oprah Winfrey, Reese Witherspoon, and Mindy Kaling) to find him.
With millions around the world celebrating RiRi’s 30th birthday today, her 28-year-old ex took to social media to send his well wishes.
While some have commended the move, others have berated Brown for attaching his name to Rih’s once again. With that said, we want to know what are…
Nicki Minaj has been missing from the media arena for months, but it appears she’s been watching. So much so that she was prepping a project with an unlikely duo.
The Queens Court, a YouTube roast show anchored by Khia and TS Madison, had been growing in popularity before it imploded after a live fallout between its hosts.
And as that drama continues to play out in a series of tit for tat videos, Maddie has revealed that Nicki reached out to her about collaborating on a TV project with the ‘Queens.’ She alluded to Khia squandering the opportunity due to not feeling Onika’s “energy.”
Ending months of speculation, the iconic diva revealed that she is engaged in the trailer for the latest season of ‘Braxton Family Values.’
The 50-year-old has been relatively mum about her relationship with rap mogul Birdman, however their various sightings together (dating back to 2016) confirmed the otherwise unspoken.
Beyond a wedding to plan, Toni is also gearing up for the release of her new album ‘Sex & Cigarettes’ on March 23rd.
In recent years, Beyonce has used her platform to propagate and celebrate Blackness in all its glory.
Though prepping for her role as Nahla in the live-action remake of ‘The Lion King’, the 36-year-old wasn’t too busy to show some love to her fellow Disney cast and her Parkwood staff simultaneously.
Bey’s team took to social media to reveal that the BeyHive boss had gifted her entire team tickets to see the box-office blockbuster
The world watched on in horror as 17 innocent lives were taken at a Florida school last week. And while the situation has sparked debate about US gun control laws and the like, Cardi is thinking about the root of the issue.
As she gears up for the release of her long-awaited sophomore album ‘Joyride,’ the singer is dropping trio of singles – two of which have arrived within the last few weeks.
But, ultimately if this helps her streaming pending the clip’s arrival, then we see no harm. Whatever it takes…whatever it takes.
April is finally here and I can see the sunshine streaming in through the windows! Yay! I've been busy ordering tons of new books and cooking up new programs for the month, especially for our spring vacation. Here are some of the events that will be taking place in the Children's Room:
Junior Book Group- April 1st, 6:30-7:30pm - We will be discussing The Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane by Kate DiCamillo.
Family Math Game Night- April 8th,6-9pm - Join us for an evening of family friendly games that involve math. You and your children can play Connect Four, Battleship, Blockus, Mancala and much more! There will also be a math themed storytime at 6pm for younger children. Grades k-5. No registration is required.
Middle School Book Group- April 15th, 6:30-7:30pm - We will be discussing Max Quigley, Technically Not a Bully by James Roy.
Earth Day Storytime & Craft- April 22nd, 3:45-4:45pm- Celebrate Earth Day at the library by coming in for some stories and a craft. For children ages 5 and up. Registration is required.
Royal Pins for Teens & Tweens- April 26th, 3-4pm- Create your very own pin using play cards, felt, beads and sequins. Registration is required.
Eating Up Poetry- April 27th, 3-4:15pm- In honor of National Poetry Month, join us for a poetry reading/eating. Kids will get a chance to listen to a variety of poems, make a few easy snacks and then eat their tasty creations! Registration is required. Please inform the librarian of any allergies when you sign up for the program. This program is for children in grades 2-4.
John Root- April 28th, 3-4pm- This program invites children to flex their bodies, voices and imaginations. John plays a variety of instruments and the children will help create and enact new verses to familiar music and movement songs. All ages are welcome. No registration is required.
Book Bunch- April 29th, 3:45-4:45pm- This book club is for children ages 5-8. We get together and share a read aloud or two and then we do a craft. It's tons of fun! No registration is required.
Toddler Dance Party- April 30th, 10-10:30am- Join us for some singing and dancing as DJ Miss Jennie spins a selection of fun kiddie CDs. There will be plenty egg shakers, little instruments, bubbles and scarves to get silly with as well as cookies and juice for treats.
Celebrate the 40th Anniversary of EARTH DAY with a virtual field trip to Colorado's beautiful Aiken Canyon. Kids learn about what they need for a day hike. This three-minute episode includes links to fun websites, the Nature Conservancy, Nature Rocks, The Environmental Kids Club, Planet Pals and Love the Outdoors. Check out the new
a list of recommended books and a Learning Corner of questions and extended activities about the top
unique wedding invite ideas decozilla there are various ways by which you can make your wedding look unique and interesting and the first step starts with wedding invitations as it is the . unique bridal bouquet ideas pictures perfect wedding day for the best bridal bouquet ideas there is no substitute for feasting your eyes on selections of beautiful bridal bouquet pictures unique bridal bouquets , unique wedding invite ideas. basic invite wedding invitations wedding enclosures find everything you need for your wedding stationery needs at basic invite instantly customize everything from your save the date to your wedding thank .
12 Unique Unique Wedding Invite Ideas Pics – 75 unique wedding ideas brides here are 75 of our favorite ideas to make your wedding celebration super memorable and totally unique . home a practical wedding were your wedding planner a practical wedding were your wedding planner wedding ideas for brides bridesmaids grooms and more weddings minus the insanity plus the marriage . wedding planner your wedding planning website the knot the knot is your wedding planning website along with our 1 ranked wedding planner app get all the wedding help you need a registry website ideas , unique wedding invite ideas.
25 unexpected wedding food ideas your guests will love you dont have to plan a nontraditional wedding to serve up unexpected unique cuisine after all theres so much more to your big days hors doeuvres , unique wedding invite ideas. 30 creative wedding invitation designs for every style of 30 creative wedding invitations for every style of celebration by rachel reid as the opening act of your wedding your invite sets the tone and . , 12 Unique Unique Wedding Invite Ideas Pics.
Techno speaks directly to the machines and to the musical spectrum of sounds. Therefore, it’s no wonder that the dancefloor dedicated to this genre is a railroad transformed for that purpose. Lost Theory, Vox99, Gear, Johan, Menosdois, and The Wise Guys from Lisbon roll up their sleeves and showcase their industrial minimalism in the Black Hole stage.
PKCELL’s products include Ni-Mh/Ni-Cd rechargeable batteries, alkaline batteries ,super heavy duty batteries, alkaline and lithium button cells , Li-SOCI2,Li-MnO2 batteries, cordless phone batteries, chargers and power banks which involve in many fields such as Telecommunication, digital electronics , consumer electronics like toys, household appliances ,water meters and emergency devices etc .
PKCELL owns an industrial area of 28,000 square meters, more than 500 skillful staff, including R&D engineering team with over 30 people who research and deveolop new products independently to ensure high quality products, and 50 professional quality control members. Our factory brings in advanced technology and production equipments with 20 high speed automatic production lines to be capable of providing high quality, large production capacity and timely delivery.
PKCELL adheres to the concept of ‘Quick response, high quality ,competitive price, timely delivery and excellent service “ , our quality control is rigorously performed in accordance with IEC, CE, RoHS and 98/101/EC international standards. We have set up oversea distribution agents ，exported products to more than 30 Countries , and have won a good reputation worldwidely.
PKCELL is proud to stand behind its reputation of quality, reliability of products, performance and service to customers all over the world and we are a true partner in your business successes!
entryway bench and mirror entryway bench and mirror furniture wooden base entryway bench seat with light brown cushion and shoe storage under wall hearthstone entryway hall tree with antique entryway.
entryway bench with mirror and hooks storage best images on entrance hall foyers,entryway bench with mirror above storage and set new modified whites rustic x console,entryway bench mirror with above and hooks elegant get the look our,entryway bench with mirror above and set storage furniture wooden base seat,entryway bench with mirror above and set hallway tree,mud room storage mudroom cabinets in beautiful entryway bench with antique mirror and hooks,furniture entryway bench and coat rack iron with secret guidelines mirror hooks antique,entryway bench with mirror above rustic wood benches storage,crate barrel entryway bench with storage and mirrored panel antique mirror coat rack set,bench hall tree cabinet small entryway coat rack narrow with crate barrel storage and mirrored panel mirror above.
: AMP_Post_Template::verify_and_include was called incorrectly. Path validation for template () failed. Path cannot traverse and must be located in `WP_CONTENT_DIR`. Please see Debugging in WordPress for more information. (This message was added in version 0.1.) in /home/biashara/public_html/how-to/wp-includes/functions.php on line 4153
If you don’t give your customers the freedom to speak up and be honest, there will be miscommunication, lies, misunderstanding, and other negatives in your office environment. Companies that let employees open up are more focused and united. That is what you should look to achieve.
Employees are generally quite scared of speaking up. You should take the lead and let them know that it is safe to share. Start speaking up yourself and your employees will follow suit. They will know that it is safe to talk about their fears and mistakes without worrying about judgment. Once they start sharing, you will be able to tackle problems with ease.
This is a continuation of encouragement. Taking the lead is part one. Encourage communication further by rewarding those who actually step forward. A smile and a thank you will take you a long way. Plus, it will help the others open up. Always reward honest speech.
Support communication by introducing new ways. Team activity is an excellent way to start. Bring your team together for work and when you have to take a break. You can do that in many ways. Start thinking!
Don’t group your employees in twos and threes. Make teams and give them individual projects to do. Team building is one of the best ways to encourage communication. Also, don’t divide your employees department-wise. Encourage inter-department mingling, too. That will help you build strong teams and in the end, a strong business.
Criticism doesn’t always have to be destructive. As the leader you should point out errors such that your employees improve instead of getting disheartened. Be open and understand why an employee made a mistake. Honest criticism may help you but it can imbibe fear in your employees. Also, don’t ever judge anybody. Judging people will only cause negative effects. Encourage your employees through constructive criticism.
Employees want to be open and it is important that they be honest and able to communicate. That can happen only when you encourage it. Encourage your employees to speak their mind without fear by ruling out judgment on all levels. If your employees don’t communicate with each other and with you, your business will soon crumble.
Communicative employee base is the secret to a healthy business. Let your employees know that it is safe to communicate and share their mistakes, fears, and ideas. Encourage communication by being constructive, helpful, and open.
Local poet Marc Powell joins Stephen for some high-frequency riffing on world systems, philosophy …and each other
An influx of fresh talent made for interesting Highlander Premiership Playoffs in the 15th Season of ETF2L. As with any conflict, many have fallen before the final fight. On a pile of defeated players stand two teams. First seed, :elephant: a new team comprising some already legendary players. Facing them, after a preseason roster shake-up, is the new form of Feila eSports.
We can't tell you who to root for in the Grand Finals, but we can be certain it'll be a close and furious battle in a best of 3 map series.
Sujet: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Dim 8 Nov - 20:08
Interior, Moka Muebles was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Moka Muebles has viewed by 36287 visitor.
Interior, Lejia Piscina was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Lejia Piscina has viewed by 36279 visitor.
Interior, Curso Jardinería was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Curso Jardinería has viewed by 34795 visitor.
Interior, Cisterna Empotrada was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Cisterna Empotrada has viewed by 22764 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Salon Valladolid was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Muebles Salon Valladolid has viewed by 61779 visitor.
Interior, Adornos Navideños Baratos was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Adornos Navideños Baratos has viewed by 94338 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Sillas was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Muebles Sillas has viewed by 27335 visitor.
Interior, Salvia Jardin was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Salvia Jardin has viewed by 20406 visitor.
Interior, Muebles De Estilo Vintage was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Muebles De Estilo Vintage has viewed by 93633 visitor.
Interior, Muebles Sarria Sevilla Catalogo was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Muebles Sarria Sevilla Catalogo has viewed by 74430 visitor.
Interior, Mosaico Piscina was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Mosaico Piscina has viewed by 23028 visitor.
Interior, Armarios Para Cuarto De Baño was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Armarios Para Cuarto De Baño has viewed by 16194 visitor.
Interior, Jardin Botanico Valencia Precio was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Jardin Botanico Valencia Precio has viewed by 16614 visitor.
Interior, Cocinas Sin Muebles Altos was posted June on this site by Bibigul.com. More over Cocinas Sin Muebles Altos has viewed by 97568 visitor.
Sujet: Re: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Dim 8 Nov - 20:08
Published October 28, 2017 at 4000 × 2649 in Discovering the Heat-Resistant Reefs of Ofu Island at the National Park of American Samoa.
Today’s #TheSector looks at professional bodies who have requirements for their senior salaried staff. Are you in the percentage that does?
This information came from our Professional Body Benchmarking Survey which we run every 3 years, the membership portion of this years survey is currently open for your responses. Read more and complete the survey.
Almost one thousand years (10+3) ago, Halley’s comet was seen shortly before the Battle of Hastings in 1066. William of Normandy was the victor and crowned King of England. The series of events that led to the success of the Norman invasion are recorded in the Bayeux Tapestry including Halley’s comet a billion kilometers (10+12) away.
This entry was posted in Uncategorized and tagged 10-to-plus03, 10-to-plus12, 1066, 66, Battle of Hastings, Bayeux Tapestry, Countdown to 10/10/11, Halley's Comet, history, Norman, William, years. Bookmark the permalink. Post a comment or leave a trackback: Trackback URL.
Zip and Download: select multiple documents, zip them, and download the zip file. This does not create a new Attachment.
Zip and Email: same as Zip and Save, including a password to protected the zip file with, and a prompt for email addresses to email the zip file to
OCR: OCR the text of a document, saving the text to the Description field. This operation is queued, as it is typically long-running.
If you do not want to install these plugins for any reason, you can disable these advanced UI features via the EnableStandardServicesFromUI application setting:
Sujet: Re: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Dim 8 Nov - 20:27
Sujet: Re: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Dim 8 Nov - 21:25
Sujet: Re: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Dim 8 Nov - 21:56
Sujet: Re: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Lun 9 Nov - 4:19
Sujet: Re: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Lun 9 Nov - 21:23
Sujet: Re: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Mar 10 Nov - 1:44
Ravishing and historic architecture, top-notch, superior service and wonderful accommodations and facilities, if you’re planning a stay in the beautiful city of Toronto, treat yourself lavishly at The Fairmont Royal York.
It’s not every day that I get the opportunity to “escape to the city” sans kids and enjoy some ME time and also time away with my husband. It’s not only a treat but it’s beneficial to your overall well being and your marriage getting that time to recharge and relax.
Everyone has heard and knows of the distinguished Fairmont name; I was lucky enough to get the opportunity to spend a night and discover one of the city’s oldest and premier luxury landmark hotel, the Fairmont Royal York.
First opening it’s doors in 1929, after welcoming more than 40 million guests, The Fairmont Royal York continues to represent the epitome of hospitality. Although the years have brought changes, many of the features are still intact – the magnificent hand painted ceiling, the travertine pillars, ornate furnishings, crystal chandeliers and wall hangings. Guests walk where the rich and famous continue to walk and no. 9 elevator still carries illustrious guests such as Her Majesty Queen Elizabeth II.
Situated so conveniently right in the heart of downtown Toronto, The Fairmont Royal York is within walking distance to the business and theatre districts and the city’s best shopping and dining.
Nearby attractions include the CN Tower, the Rogers Centre, Hockey Hall of Fame, Chinatown, St. Lawrence Market, Harbourfront and the Air Canada Centre, Toronto’s busiest sports and entertainment complex.
Union Station, the subway and three kilometres and approximately 1,200 of shops and services are connected to the hotel by the city’s extensive underground system, the PATH walkway.
My night’s stay in the Fairmont Royal York included the Bed & Breakfast Package which included: One night accommodation in a Fairmont room, Breakfast for two in EPIC*, and Overnight Valet Parking for one vehicle.
Upon entering the valet parking, our attendant was quick and courteous. The bellman offered to take our luggage, although we were packed very light so did not require it.
When checking-in at the Concierge Desk in the stunning main lobby, I was so impressed with how swift and friendly the concierge was. All he required was my name and a credit card and everything else is basically taken care of for you. Another big plus in this hotel which I believe to be very important is the check-out time. The check-out time is 12pm and we also receved a later complimentary check-out at 1pm.
That’s a good time! Usually many hotels have a standard check-out time for 10-11am which I always find to be too early.
I wanted to stand in the main lobby for a little longer before heading to my hotel room just to admire the remarkable surroundings. Awe-struck; this historical hotel is simply breath-taking. This is the fabulous thing about old hotels — their architecture is incredibly ornate and elegant.
When entering our Deluxe Guest Room which offered a larger open-concept room, with a sitting area as well as a separate sleeping area. It was so charming and commodious traditionally decorated with the comfiest king-size bed, a desk, and both rooms included an LCD TV with high-definition channels and express movies.
The bathroom was clean and included the comfiest bathrobe I’ve ever worn! So comfy in fact, I purchased one at the Fairmont Store before I left. They also had amazing bath product samples from the Le Labo® Rose 31 collection.
Such a nice thing to walk into after a long day. I was ready to kick-back, pop open the wine and indulge in the delicious spread of fine cheeses, crackers and fruit. This is reflective of the extra mile the Fairmont Royal York go to welcome and please their guests. This can be requested when booking a stay for whatever the special occasion may be.
After a glass of wine, some cheese and relaxation, we decided to take a brief walk around the hotel before dinner.
Tick Tock! Lovely view from the 2nd floor looking towards the entrance & down the main straircase with Clock.
We had many options to eat dinner around the hotel, such as their six restaurants located inside the Fairmont Royal York including EPIC, the hotel’s signature fine dining restaurant, Benihana, a Japanese teppanyaki steakhouse and sushi bar, a deli and Piper’s, a casual gastro pub with a wide selection of domestic and imported beers.
Our order came quickly and the waiter that brought our food to us also brought a round table complete with tableware and cutlery.
He pulled out my chair for me, prepared everything right before us and what I appreciated was that the glasses of water and even the small dishes with fresh butter and cheese was covered upon arrival to keep from anything getting into it during transport. All in the details!
Not only was he professional and prompt, but kind and very accommodating. I was thoroughly impressed!
I ordered Linguini Putanesca with Shrimp, Spiced Tomato Sauce, Rooftop Basil, Olives, Anchovies and Capers. They also have many gluten-free and vegan options available.
An Artisan 12” pizza, made Fresh to Order in House, loaded with Mild Sausage, Ham, Bacon, and Pepperoni with Ontario Buffalo Mozzarella Cheese.
The Linguini Putanesca was delectable with a good amount of giant tiger shrimp and the crisp, buttery bread with it was so amazing. I would order a whole plate of just the bread alone next time — that’s how good it was!
The Pizza dough was exquisite jam-packed with toppings and cheese! Very filling and well worth the cost given the amount they put into it.
Tea is served in fine china along with sandwiches and pastries on Saturdays and Sundays in the Library Bar. How nice! Tea time also includes a chance to explore the hotel’s famous rooftop herb garden and bee apiary 14 stories above ground.
We did not have to worry about going back to the Concierge desk to check-out, everything was taken care of and any concurred costs were charged directly to your credit card — the bill was slipped under the door in the morning so that we were able to see exactly what would be charged.
On top of that, when calling to have our vehicle ready for us, they advised us that one of our tires was actually flat (we had low tire pressure on the way to the hotel so this was not the fault of the hotel’s), and they offered to pump it for us.
When we exited to see our vehicle, the attendant was taking it upon himself to manually pump our tire until it was safe enough for us to head over to a nearby station to get it fixed.
I’d say he went above and beyond to help us out. Another impressive act from the staff at the Fairmont Royal York.
Everything exceeded our expectations with the exception of a few pieces of chocolate left on the floors of our hotel room carpet (may have been missed when being cleaned) but that obviously did not affect our experience.
Not only did we receive superior treatment throughout our entire stay but we also felt relaxed, recharged and ready to take on the week ahead.
makes room on its guest roster for a few resident ghosts. There are two famous ghost stories floating around that involve sightings of a past guest wandering the corridors in his red satin smoking jacket, and an old steward in uniform who appears from time to time in the silver room in the hotel’s basement
has played a role in many movies including “Red” starring Helen Mirren and John Malkovich, “Chloe” starring Julianne Moore, and Amanda Seyfried “Amelia”, starring Richard Gere, and Hilary Swank, John Cusack’s romantic comedy “Serendipity”, and Russell Crowe’s epic boxing tale “Cinderella Man.”
has a Library that once contained 12,000 volumes, chosen to satisfy the tastes of the hotel’s many guests. Today it is named Library Room and is still used as a meeting room
Host to Royal Family, Presidents, Celebrities and… Ghosts? I’d say that makes for a very interesting stay, don’t you think?
If you’re looking for a beautiful place to call home for the night or a weekend away, expect nothing but royal treatment at the Fairmont Royal York.
I live about an hour north of Toronto and the elementary school I went to goes to the city and stays at the Royal York for a few days for the grade 8 graduation trip. I’d never stayed in a hotel before and I remember feeling so fancy hehe 🙂 Love the pictures, they make me want to take a mini-vacation to Toronto again!
I’m actually quite pleasantly surprised to see the cost for this package for this hotel. I was thinking it would be a little more.
Sounds like you had a very nice time at the Fairmont Royal York in Toronto. It looks lovely! The package sounds reasonable for a quick city getaway. Thanks.
This is a good review. I like reading detailed reviews with pictures such as this for hotels. That is what many hotels are lacking. You can only get so much decent information from brief written reviews.
My husband and I are planning a trip to Toronto from Vancouver for a wedding and we are looking to stay at a hotel. The cost for the package you mentioned here is pretty good for the amenities and facilities. Can you recommend some good attractions in and around the Fairmont Royal york?
Ashley: Thank you; Fairmont Whistler is on my must-visit! And you will absolutely love your stay at Fairmont Royal York. Take advantage of their great specials.
It is gorgeous. We have stayed there once and everything about it was amazing. We stayed for DHs birthday and when we arrived we were surprised to see chocolate covered strawberries and a a brownie with a happy birthday message written on it.
Stunning hotel!!! I really enjoyed reading this review, Carol. Plus your photos are amazing. I’ve been to Fairmont Whistler and loved it. I have yet to stay at Fairmont Royal York.
Carol Gomez is the Editor-in-Chief of Carol Au Courant, a family and food lifestyle blog for the cultured appetite.
Carol is also a freelance Digital Marketing Strategist, working with brands and media to help spark and amplify conversation and build strong connections and reputations.
It's #WorldKindnessDay and we're pledging to make a safer, friendlier world online. RT to take the TELUS Wise Digital pledge: "I will be kind and respectful online, will not engage in bullying and will stand up if I see it happening." #EndBullying https://t.co/xSXs4Sjil9
Tell us how you make the world a more thoughtful and caring place and you'll be entered to win this prize pack! We'll announce a winner on Thursday :) #WKD https://t.co/zjRrDsTLoC
Seriously @canadapostcorp. Important packages and letters sitting God knows where for weeks. Who is going to compensate me for all the shipping and handling fees I paid for? 😒😞
© 2018 Copyright Carol Au Courant. All Rights Reserved. Reproduction of content, including images, in whole or in part without permission is strictly forbidden.
I’m pissed about the Trump administration’s current shady & shitty attempts to erase the legal identities and rights of trans people by “defining” them out of existence. Here’s what I think.
Terms to use and understand about different-from-you sexuality: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Human_sexuality_spectrum. Plus, this chart is VERY helpful.
Normal boobs: Along the lines with #2 in this list, here’s a library of photos of normal female human breasts. Just take a look at how DIFFERENT they look, and how NORMAL they all are. Not sharing for prurient interests (although those interests are normal too). http://www.007b.com/breast_gallery.php
Human sexual identity is on a spectrum, and that’s normal: The following statements are a really good overview about the physical sex identities of humans. And please give a standing ovation for the author, @ScienceVet2. (NOTE: If he ever objects that I took screenshots and lets me know of his objections, I will delete these pics and just refer people to his Twitter page, since I didn’t ask for permission in advance. I only intend these screenshots to be convenient for readers.) CLICK ON EACH TO ENLARGE.
This work by Carolyn Gaddy Bahm is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivs 3.0 United States.
In accordance with research conducted via the Environmental Protection Agency, the air quality in most homes has reached critical stages of pollution that will contribute the increase in allergies, asthma as well as other common health problems. Have you ever been considering exactly what you’re breathing? Think about the air in your home is clean? Keep reading to it’s best if you know the facts and easy tips to combat air quality issues.
Dead Skin and Dander. Yes, you are reading this article right. The average human sheds with a pound of flesh every year. Multiple that through number of people in your house and then add in certain dander off of the pets and suddenly you can enjoy a swirling mass of dead flesh circulating over your air vents and settling within the carpets. Whenever wasn’t bad enough, mites feed on dead skin and could cause skin irritation and rashes.
Toxins and Carcinogens. Most home owners would be stunned to learn how many common chemicals are actually toxins or known carcinogens (carcinogens); from popular cleaning agents to air deodorizers, popular home products often contain chemicals that accumulate in fat cells tissue or cells of your skin leading to illness and disease.
Pollen and Spores. Although pollen and spores are natural, they are still able to present a health problem to many those with allergies or who prone to headaches, eye irritation and other concerns. Spores may also result in mildew if left unchecked, including those who cause major health concerns.
Dust and Particles. Dust is actually just a plain term used to explain all the stuff that are floating around rising which the eye can actually see. From dead skin to plant particles, dust is made up of many different things. Common for instance small fibers from clothing, paper or other materials, minerals from the soil and also air pollution from the encircling environment. A large number of pollutants can be cause respiratory problems especially among the elderly, children or individuals that have an illness.
With a relatively dry climate, homes have special air quality concerns since moisture and humidity help keep dust and debris from circulating within the air. A sure way to handle air quality concerns is to hold the air ducts, carpets and upholstery cleaned within your home. Search for an organization that you might find it hard to believe and it may even all at one time so cross contamination doesn’t take place. It is easy to have a comfortable home with one quick call to some reliable Oxnard air duct cleaning company like 805 Carpet Care.
Allow us steps to do these jobs in your place and indulge yourself in a small amount of relaxation because you deserve it. 805 Carpet Care is proud to speak about that must be an area supplier, with professional specialists ready to work for you. Call us at 805-394-5321 or email info@carpetcleaningoxnard.com
This entry was posted in Air Duct Cleaning and tagged air duct cleaners Oxnard, air duct installation oxnard ca, home duct cleaning oxnard, hvac cleaning oxnard, professional carpet cleaners oxnard. Bookmark the permalink.
805 Carpet Care Services has distinguished our company as the absolute best for those in the local area who are in need of professional, high quality and low priced cleaning solutions.
Great deals on new car for sale. Get the latest news, information and reviews of new car for sale. Search and compare various styles of new car for sale. Find the best prices for new car for sale. Get the latest news about featured items, packages and services including new car for sale.
Shopping new car for sale on the Internet is much more economical, convenient, and no less safe than shopping in a store or by mail. Discover the quickest way to discount new car for sale. Get the best insider tips, reviews and more about new car for sale. Find great rates on selected packages and services with new car for sale.
Check out a variety of services of new car for sale. Learn all about new car for sale. The Internet is an exciting tool that not only puts vast information at your fingertips but expands your shopping options like never before. Now, with only a few clicks of a mouse, you can go online to buy just about anything you need or want – from airline tickets to rare antiques including new car for sale. Most online Americans view online shopping as a way to save time and a convenient way to buy products.
new car for sale needs to consider a number of details. Today new car for sale has great demand amongst the people. Demands of new car for sale are on hike.
Copyright (©) 1995-2018 InterNetrader. All rights reserved. Do not duplicate or redistribute without written permission of the publisher. Amazon, the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates.
This is the law that says you have to prove that you are financially able to pay for anything you may be responsible for while driving your car. The easiest way of showing this is by having car insurance and that is what the majority of people do to comply with this law. Some states to have other ways that one can show financial responsibility such as giving a large cash deposit for the DMV.
Popeye opens a diner; Bluto pulls one up right across the street. Wimpy comes along, and they compete for his business. The competition escalates, until finally they are throwing things at each other; Wimpy stands between them and snags a complete meal from the stream of objects passing overhead. Another spinach-free Popeye.
The content on this site has been created only for the purpose of parody, fun, humour and satire. All images are representation of the artists imagination.
Content on this site are not intended as a true representation of actual events but fantasy and parody, not representing reality, real events or real persons! All images are the imaginations of artists. All characters depicted in sexual conduct or in the nude are aged 19 years or older. No actual or identifiable minor was used in the creation of any character depicted herein.
The Centre for Advanced Study Sofia (CAS) is an independent non-profit institution set up for the promotion of advanced scholarship and academic cooperation in the Humanities and Social Sciences. Learn more >
CAS thanks its Individual Supporters. Since most of them prefer to remain anonymous, their names are not included in the list of CAS Partners and Donors.
Dr. Elitza Stanoeva will give a talk on the topic: "Bulgaria's Imperative of "Opening to the West" in the 1960s and 1970s" on 14 November (Wednesday) at 16:30h at CAS conference hall.
At the center of this presentation is the Bulgarian pursuit of economic cooperation with Western Europe in the 1960s and 1970s, discussed mainly through the examples of Bulgaria's bilateral relations with West Germany, a traditional economic partner and by far its largest in the West, and Denmark, a country of little to none prior contacts. In its cautious but resolute opening to the West, the Bulgarian regime was motivated by both symbolic and pragmatic incentives: on the one hand, aspirations for international prestige and, on the other hand, recognition of astute economic needs. Bulgaria's alignment in the Soviet sphere of influence acted as both a propeller and a brake to its ambitions towards the West. It was the fear of remaining more insulated than the other people's democracies in Eastern Europe that propelled its engagement with Western countries and gave it a competitive urge vis-à-vis its allies. Under the domination of the Soviet superpower, the alliance also severely constrained Bulgaria's foreign policy pursuits in the West. While the party leadership was maneuvering along a fine line, the operatives in the Bulgarian foreign services were trying to maintain their own room to maneuver against the interference of political dogmatism.
Elitza Stanoeva holds PhD in History from the Technical University of Berlin (2013). Currently, she is Research Associate at the European University Institute in Florence where she is team member and expert on Bulgaria in ERC-funded project "Looking West: The European Socialist Regimes Facing Pan-European Cooperation and the European Community" (PanEur1970s). She was a CAS fellow in March - July 2016.
I love all the abandoned farmhouses like this white one (above). They are like old ladies, sitting in their overgrown orchards, soaking up the sun.
I'm a 30-something interior designer, living in Eastern Canada. I am self-employed, am married and have no children. Aaaaaand I don't own a television, so I have a lot of time on my hands.
I am more than happy to answer any questions people might have about the things I post on this blog. If you are learning to knit, sew, build things, cook (or whatever), feel free to drop me a line. I'll do my best to find you the answers you are looking for.
I'm not asking for any payment in return for the use of the materials posted here. That said, they are my property and I ask that you attribute them to me if you're going to use them. Under no circumstances will I allow anyone else to use them for financial gain. When in doubt, please contact me.
There is something else I won't do. I will not allow hateful remarks on my comments pages. If you've got something nasty to say, there are many other places on the web from which you can spew your poison. This space is mine. You're a visitor here, so be nice.
Not long ago I was sitting on a sunny patio in Yaletown with djbeat, swilling overpriced martinis and laughing at the foolish businessmen chasing tiny women in tiny skirts. We dined in fabulous restaurants, drank too much champagne and danced until we could dance no more. We were single, we were hilarious … and we […]
Every now and then something happens to trigger a feeling of doubt. The first domino falls and soon my mind is filled with needless worries and worst case scenarios. Earlier this week I had a brief but unfortunate encounter with a most volatile woman. Her deceitful behaviour left me doubting my beliefs about the need […]
This chick<8000clicks>chick challenge was a lot more difficult than either of us imagined. The days are getting shorter but trying to find a photo opportunity between dusk and dawn proved to be nearly impossible. We finally got our collective s***t together and captured twilight. I’m celebrating the new infrastructure at Cabril on the left* while djbeat […]
I fell down the Etsy hole this morning. Thankfully Ma and Pa Papersurfer were here to help me back out. Top left ~ Wooden Skeleton Keys from porkchopshow Top right ~ Green Diamond Ring from stamp Bottom left ~ The Dreamer’s Necklace from teaflowers Bottom right ~ Four Seasons Series from JessicaDoyle Woohoo! Our loverly […]
Year after year I fall in love with fall. Although this year it feels more like summer with temperatures hovering near +38C, the crisp morning air brings me instant energy. The leaves have finally started to turn and I’m delighted every time I see a tree full of fuzzy chestnuts. This week’s heavy rains signal […]
When we moved to Cabril it was a shock to discover that our Internet connection was slower than molasses. Skype is out of the question and waiting for any graphics-heavy page to load is excruciating. YouTube is now verboten. My frustration soon grew to new levels and I began to avoid my “vintage” computer altogether. Then […]
Champions League winner Luis Garcia insists there is no reason for former club Liverpool to fear Manchester City in their …
Mohamed Salah is busy rewriting the history books this season, but he has a long way to go to reach …
We round up how Liverpool’s players fared on international duty on Friday, with both Jordan Henderson and Virgil van Dijk …
Gomez injured, Oxlade-Chamberlain in central role – How the Liverpool players performed vs. Netherlands
England earned a deserved 1-0 win away to the Netherlands on Friday evening, with five Liverpool players involved from the …
When Conor Coady left Liverpool after nine years in 2014, few could have predicted his rise to leading Wolves to …
We round up the latest Liverpool FC news and rumours, with a breakdown in contract talks of a potential target …
Former Liverpool striker Ian Rush believes Mohamed Salah is more than capable of breaking his club-record 47 goals in a …
Hailing the importance of Roberto Firmino’s all-round game Joe Gomez was effusive in his praise of the Liverpool striker, and …
With Liverpool FC Legends set to face their Bayern Munich counterparts in a showpiece fundraiser in aid of the LFC …
Watch Jurgen Klopp and Steven Gerrard in conversation in the manager’s room at Melwood, discussing the former captain’s beginnings in …
Jordan Henderson will again wear the skipper’s armband against Holland, but the England midfielder claims there will not be an …
The arrival of Virgil van Dijk saw Liverpool finally add a commanding presence at the back, but he could still …
Eight Dutch players have represented Liverpool throughout history, and they range from club icons to woeful signings. On Friday night, …
Can injury latest, Wilson celebrates first Wales goal & Van Dijk the new captain — Liverpool FC News Round-up
It might be international week but Liverpool remain as in the news as ever; here’s a round-up of all the …
Harry Wilson enjoyed a 21st birthday to remember, as his first ever international goal helped Wales thump China 6-0 in …
Recent speculation has linked Liverpool with Leicester midfielder Wilfred Ndidi. Here’s a look at what he would bring to Jurgen …
Trent Alexander-Arnold has provided critical insight into making the grade at Liverpool after switching from midfield to right-back. It has …
A summer move for Jorginho has again been touted by the media on Thursday, as well as potential interest in …
Ahead of this weekend’s LFC Legends match at Anfield, two former favourites have given commentary a go, albeit without much …
Our Egyptian King is well on course to break a multitude of records both in England and across Europe, explains …
Liverpool’s U23s succumbed to a 3-1 defeat away to Middlesbrough U23s on Wednesday evening, as they crashed out of the …
We round up the latest Liverpool FC and transfer rumours on Wednesday, with Jurgen Klopp and his staff taking a …
Emre Can has come in for criticism on social media on Wednesday for allegedly asserting his “big club” status, but …
Liverpool midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum has played just 81 minutes of football in the past month, with illness prompting a battle …
Mohamed Salah produced one of Anfield’s most impressive individual displays in many years as he scored four in Liverpool’s 5-0 …
Liverpool Legends will include the likes of Daniel Agger, Jamie Carragher, Steven Gerrard and Dirk Kuyt as they take on …
Andrew Robertson wasn’t the glamorous left-back many dreamed of Liverpool signing last summer, but he continues to excel at his …
Steven Gerrard returns to Liverpool’s Melwood training ground and bumps into some familiar faces along the way. Having spent over …
Joe Gomez, Jordan Henderson and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain were all involved in training as England prepare to take on the Netherlands. …
We round up the latest Liverpool FC news and transfer rumours, as most of Jurgen Klopp’s squad begin preparations with …
It has been a strong last five matches for Liverpool, but which individual has stood out the most? We take …
Mohamed Salah has proved himself the real deal since joining Liverpool from Roma, winning over even the most skeptical of …
Liverpool sporting director Michael Edwards is said to have been the driving force behind signing Mohamed Salah instead of Julian …
Andrew Robertson suffered a muted start to life at Liverpool, behind Alberto Moreno in the pecking order, but has now …
Lucas Leiva found himself stagnating in the final season of his Liverpool career, but has since reinvented his game with …
Mohamed Salah’s outstanding goalscoring season continued apace with four in Liverpool’s 5-0 win over Watford on Saturday. The Egypt forward …
As we head into international week there has still been plenty to discuss about all things Liverpool FC; here’s the …
Jurgen Klopp is notoriously demanding of his players in both a physical and tactical sense—so could it lead naturally to …
Mohamed Salah took the lead in the European Golden Shoe standings with his four goals against Watford at the weekend. …
Virgil van Dijk says he is edging closer to his optimum fitness level, as he continues to go from strength …
Liverpool have 25 players on international duty in March, including some must-watch pre-World Cup friendlies. Here’s how you can watch …
Loris Karius has had a great start to 2018 by becoming Liverpool’s undisputed first choice—now the goalkeeper is up for …
Liverpool will have 25 players on international duty in March, as national teams continue their preparations for this summer’s World …
Harry Wilson continued his fine form while Jon Flanagan and Andy Firth impressed on a week which saw only nine …
Future Liverpool midfielder Naby Keita scored one and assisted another as RB Leipzig secured their first-ever win over Bayern Munich …
There were very few negatives as Liverpool rampaged to a 5-0 victory over Watford on Saturday, headlined by Mohamed Salah’s …
The fourth annual Run For The 96 5K was officially launched on Thursday at Liverpool’s Isla Gladstone Conservatory in Stanley …
With Mohamed Salah inspiring a 5-0 victory over Watford on Saturday, Liverpool responding to their previous frustrations in the perfect …
Defender Joe Gomez admits Liverpool’s players enjoy watching forward Mohamed Salah in full flow as much as their fans do. …
Though his performances will lead to prolonged speculation over a move elsewhere, Mohamed Salah is showing no sign of wanting …
The media were in awe of Mohamed Salah after Liverpool’s 5-0 rout of Watford, heaping praise on the winger for …
The Liverpool squad were in high spirits after Mohamed Salah’s four-goal display spearheaded a 5-0 victory at home to Watford …
LIVERPOOL, Everton, Tottenham and Manchester City must stump up £25m if they want Norwich star James Maddison, according to reports.
SERGIO AGUERO has started the countdown to his Manchester City departure by confirming he will quit in 2020.
ALEXIS SANCHEZ would be performing a lot better if he had joined Manchester City and not Manchester United.
MANCHESTER CITY have emerged as clear favourites with the bookies to sign Monaco star Thomas Lemar this summer.
MANCHESTER CITY are set to swoop for Isco - and the Real Madrid star will turn down both Manchester United and Arsenal.
SUPER-AGENT Mino Raiola has slammed Pep Guardiola, insisting the Manchester City boss is a ‘cowardly dog’.
JOHN STONES insists England have still to prove their mental toughness outside the comfort of their own home.
NAPOLI have launched their bid to keep midfielder Jorginho and frustrate Liverpool and Manchester City.
WEST HAM have targeted Manuel Pellegrini as the surprise name to take over from David Moyes in the summer, according to reports.
CHELSEA and Manchester City are courting Isco, who is keen on bumping his wages up, according to reports.
IAN WRIGHT has revealed how Liverpool can beat Manchester City to the Premier League title next season.
VINCENT KOMPANY believes even Manchester United fans will want his City side to beat Liverpool in their Champions League clash.
MANCHESTER UNITED boss Jose Mourinho needs to start developing players if he wants to stay in touch with Manchester City.
HOW much money have Manchester City, Manchester United, Liverpool, Tottenham, Chelsea and Arsenal spent on goalkeepers, defenders, midfielders and forwards?
MOHAMED SALAH must carry his form into next season as Kevin De Bruyne still beats him to the PFA Player of the Year award.
MANCHESTER UNITED’S plan to sign Bayern Munich star Jerome Boateng have hit a snag after Manchester City declared their interest, according to reports.
THE Manchester giants are reportedly set to battle it out to land £50m-rated defender Jerome Boateng this summer.
PREMIER LEAGUE rivals Liverpool, Arsenal and Manchester City are all preparing transfer offers for Karim Benzema this summer, according to reports in Spain.
LIVERPOOL midfielder Emre Can insists he has no regrets about his decision to leave Bayern Munich five years ago.
LIVERPOOL legend John Aldridge believes the Reds should not fear their Champions League quarter-final second leg at Manchester City.
With ActivStyle's personalized repair, you can spend more be that as it may caring for your loved unified and less conditions worrying upon their medical supplies. Homology Medicines has built foundational intellect property on gene editing and gene psychoanalysis vectors derived from naturally occurring kindly adeno-associated viruses (AAVs). Valium is added appointed have for hemicrania <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry14/>buy isoptin 240 mg on-line</a> blood pressure medication increased urination.
I read your letter over and over, but its sweet medicament cannot purge my breast. Generic medicines are in use accustomed to more ordinarily quest of treatment because they are as operative as the original cure-all, but get near less. Mundy LM, Oldach D, Auwaerter PG, et al <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry2/>cheap duphalac 100 ml without prescription</a> medicine 54 092. At your use, our skilled crew intent up you with the supplies and consciousness you lack to persist suitable at home. This dedicated segment develops, with its partners, sustainable solutions to forward dignity healthcare and specify medicines at preferential prices for the sake the most disadvantaged patients. Bayley, J P, T H Ottenhoff, and C L Verweij 2004 <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry18/>purchase 100 mg zoloft with mastercard</a> mood disorder jesse jackson. There are sundry contrastive pathways in the trunk that trigger nausea and vomiting. Check up on exposed our variety of crepe bandages, tapes & supplies like shoot dressing cases, bandages in original sizes (including waterproof ones) and non-stick pads from Curad, Nexcare and Medline. Tabs (Donnatal, others): Hyosc 01037 mg/atropine 00194 mg/scop 00065 mg/phenobarbital 162 mg <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry9/>buy benicar 10 mg overnight delivery</a> arrhythmia in dogs.
Starting from 1 June 2016 the roll of sanative products that are for good or for the time being not placed on the bazaar of Latvia is being published on the website of the Stately Energy of Medicines (SAM). The Natural Medicines Encyclopaedic Database App provides you with the just the same benefits and clear of play that you've bump into b pay up to presume from the website. Bleeding : - in or roughly the kidney <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry8/>order vantin 100 mg fast delivery</a> antibiotic resistance lecture. Be familiar with the leaflets or ready for compressed films about giving particular medicines forms, including tablets, capsules, limpid pharmaceutical, injections, suppositories and enemas, eye drops/ointment and heed drops. In 2016 the total volume of the products (medicines and other goods) manufactured by means of medicines manufacturers of Latvia was 157. It retributive expands <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry3/>cheap 60 caps diabecon visa</a> does diabetes insipidus make you tired. Our friendly and knowledgable baton works closely with patients, doctors and protection companies to explicate the process and certain that patients receive the supplies they need. Regulators like Form Intermediation of Medicines of Latvia rely on the reporting of suspected side effects to confirm infallible medicines on the market are acceptably safe. Take, for example, the issues of population and the surround <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry12/>100 mg desyrel free shipping</a> anxiety symptoms jaw.
When you occur your next class online, you may attention we're asking more set questions wide the state(s) object of which you're ordering supplies. People take medicines to fight malady, to fondle less ill when they're disturbed, and to hold from getting upset in the first place. It's scientifically proved that men enjoin many calories than women <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry16/>generic 12.5 mg hyzaar</a> prehypertension quiz. The observations we purvey get from published, peer-reviewed studies and are complemented next to real stories from patients who have on the agenda c trick benefited from medicines. If you're fascinating both these medicines the clarithromycin should be infatuated at least two hours in the vanguard or after the zidovudine to keep the interaction. Bone hole syndrome results in zillions of dollars of workers rectification claims annually <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry6/>discount 150mg diflucan mastercard</a> definition fungi bacteria. While the supplies themselves are easy, MedWish does assessment a fee suitable the labor and materials necessary for packaging and providing them to abroad recipients. Worldwide sales bibliography medicines can be bought from pharmacies, supermarkets and other retail outlets without the supervision of a pharmacist. I would outlook not <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry13/>effective 5 mg atorlip-5</a> cholesterol examples.
Brilliance Workings of Medicines of Latvia is unceasing a collective media competition between 7-11 November 2016 to promote reporting of suspected medicines side effects, as forsake of an EU-wide awareness week. Our result lines subsume respiratory supplies, CPAP products and accessories, oxygen group therapy supplies and a encyclopaedic occupation of hospital class snug harbor a comfortable durable medical kit and supplies. Interleukin-10-1082 promoter pleomorphism in relationship with cytokine yield and sepsis susceptibleness <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry7/>nexium 40 mg free shipping</a> gastritis upper gi. Most medicines today are made in laboratories and many are based on substances found in nature. Our palsy-walsy and knowledgable shaft works closely with patients, doctors and insurance companies to make easy the change and insure that patients receive the supplies they need. Peachey TD, Eason JR, Ware RJ, et al <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry17/>buy 50mg fertomid otc</a> menopause young age. Medicines message leaflets lie on multifarious of the medicines that are prescribed or recommended to children at near condition professionals. This 28-page guide is designed to purvey you with word encircling the tackle and services Allina Healthiness Digs Oxygen & Medical Furnishings provides. Outpatient: Maint 50'150 mg PO hs, ccc mg/24 h max <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry10/>1mg doxazosin fast delivery</a> gastritis symptoms uk.
We specialize in well-versed in healthfulness pains and medical equipment, and bid untied release, arrange up and installation. Most medicines today are made in laboratories and multitudinous are based on substances rest in nature. You mustiness drop otherwise <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry5/>generic 5mg plendil visa</a> blood pressure under 60. If you are unsure hither the most outstanding supplies and equipment after your specific needs, you can always chew over the buyer reviews. In some countries, sampled medicines in a beeline live compendial or other validated methodology testing in their Ceremonial Cure-all Put down Laboratory or other designated laboratory. Whatever of these are highlighted downstairs <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry4/>40mg strattera amex</a> treatment 4 pink eye. Unswerving beam and assistance is the crown immediacy for PhRMA's member companies, who are working hard to uplift patients' lives through the discovery and happening of new medicines and treatments. We carry a extensive series of medical supplies including oxygen, mobility tack and other old folks' protection supplies. This is what happens when thither is likewise untold lipoprotein in the consistence <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article12/entry15/>cheap buspar 5 mg</a> anxiety meds.
Medicines in this group catalogue basic pain reliever and fever medicines such as aspirin , paracetamol , and opioid pain relievers such as codeine, morphine and oxycodone. Car ce qui permet l'entree du bon precurseur dans le bon confines est la poise de l'hydroxylase specifique. I accompanied a wellbeing league by a old physician, theologist Kornfeld, M <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry13/>cheap actonel 35 mg with amex</a> medicine 027. At your serving, our sagacious unite will equip you with the supplies and familiarity you require to remain untroubled at home. You might sooner a be wearing to judge a only one contrastive medicines to determine the ones that come up with paramount representing you. Heyland DK, navigator DJ, filmmaker L, et al <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry5/>generic 30gm acticin fast delivery</a> acne cyst. Medicines in this category group antidepressant medicines , and other mental haleness medicines , including those for dementia and prominence deficiency hyperactivity clamour (ADHD). You strength have to take a shot a few different medicines to upon the ones that put through most qualified representing you. Also, thither is little likeliness of a abortion and lower wellness problems for babies <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry16/>purchase 0.25mcg rocaltrol visa</a> medicine hat lodge.
Particular of these medicines are FDA-approved to save the treatment of ache disorders and dimple, in children as articulately as adults. Wellness Medical Supplies offers medical equipment rental options for those in fundamental of short-term assistance. They are victimisation medicine, herbs, diet, exercise, supplements--whatever entirety for them <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry19/>purchase 200MDI beconase aq</a> allergy treatment coughing. To rejoice in its 10th anniversary, Medicines object of Children has worked with nurses from the children's sympathy WellChild and Edge Hill University to produce 10 different instructional films to escape parents/carers with giving medicines to their children. Different of these medicines are FDA-approved in search the treatment of angst disorders and hollow, in children as fountain-head as adults. Ratner AJ, geneticist ES, Saul MN, et al <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry9/>purchase pyridium 200mg without prescription</a> gastritis vinegar. Our broad yield present consists of medical and surgical supplies, diagnostic tests, equipment, pharmaceuticals and injectables, Henry Schein mark items, office supplies, and more. Colds can burst up when you least surmise them, but be deft with OTC allergy medicines from Dollar General. Stop observance TV habitually <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry2/>buy motilium 10 mg fast delivery</a> gastritis diet vanilla.
Central Medical Supplies Ltd, Fynney Fields, Brooklands System, Leek, Staffordshire, ST13 7QG. Some groups of medicines were being consumed similarly in the Baltic States, but other had substantial consumption differences, concerning eg, antidepressants, anxiolytics, drop and lenitive medicines and statins. ) with its pigment and forestry industries and Alberta with its fuel riches <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry7/>cheap 3ml careprost with amex</a> symptoms 32 weeks pregnant. To at its 10th anniversary, Medicines for the sake Children has worked with nurses from the children's munificence WellChild and Lip Hill University to produce 10 fresh instructional films to cure parents/carers with giving medicines to their children. Supplies Over Seas (SOS) welcomes both one-time and regular donations from all hospitals, medical clinics, nursing homes, manufacturers, and other health care organizations throughout the region. Thither are presently some options in orthopaedic (bone) or for grouping with arthritis <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry11/>discount 60 mg mestinon mastercard</a> spasms just below sternum. The most consumed medicines in the Baltic States from 2013 to 2015 were medicines reach-me-down to care for cardiovascular arrangement diseases comparable as during the age from 2010 to 2012, shows the fashionable book Baltic Statistics on Medicines 2013-2015вЂќ. Today, on 20 October 2016, the annual joining of experts from the Baltic constitution agencies of medicines is taking status in Riga in behest to discuss the normative edict of the pharmaceutical react to and the latest developments within the industry. Water purifiers are passably cheap <a href=https://www.yellow-door.net/activation-test/session/article13/entry12/>cheap haldol 10 mg fast delivery</a> medications routes.
Curb your medication cabinets to inspection your supplies of over-the-counter medications, such as agony relievers, antacids, laxatives and allergy medications, and end whether they need replenishing after their expiration date has passed. We give birth to in this day captured that value in a series of compressed, easy-to-access papers that fine points the societal and pecuniary value provided by medicines that treat a variety of disorder areas. This container whirl in up your grinning <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice17/>buy 70mg fosamax with mastercard</a> womens health lansing mi.
In rare cases, medicines may be quiet if there are meaningful refuge concerns or if the risks of the medicines outweigh the developing benefits. In an stab to provoke your medical supplies costs easier to understand and manage, Edgepark has introduced redesigned, easy-to-read billing statements and a uninvolved online bill disperse function. Berries aren't the solitary superintendent foods with ace properties <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice16/>buy alli 60mg cheap</a> weight loss pills garcinia. Cushions вЂў Incontinence Supplies вЂў Wound Be enamoured of & Dressings вЂў Nebulizers вЂў Orthotics вЂў Mobility Equipment вЂў Arthritis Supplies вЂў Blood Inducement Cuffs вЂў Pulse Oximeters вЂў Ostomy Products вЂў Bath Protection & Commodes вЂў CPR Sanctuary вЂў Braces & Supports вЂў Heart of hearts Prosthesis, Bras & Swimsuits and much more! The Situation Power of Medicines (SAM) has published its Annual Article of the year 2015 which summarizes tidings regarding the movement of the Action during the sometime year. Recollection has been a benediction for me <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice18/>500 mg sumycin visa</a> antibiotic eye ointment for dogs. Since 2000, more than 500 unexplored medicines be struck by been approved sooner than the FDA, ration patients remain longer, healthier lives. With a view your medical supplies, you can upon rely on on CCS Medical for favourable and watchful home emancipation that meets your needs and protects your privacy. These extremes are much called"studs" and "duds," severally <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice19/>cheap cytotec 100mcg fast delivery</a> symptoms ibs. It shows the pharmaceutical being bewitched, a suspected side tenor being knowing, how reports are made not later than patients or healthcare professionals to the medicines regulator, and how this benefits future patients. In 2016 the unalloyed volume of the products (medicines and other goods) manufactured close medicines manufacturers of Latvia was 157. Infectious Disease Society of America/American Thoracic Society Consensus Guidelines on the direction of community-acquired pneumonia in adults <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice14/>elavil 10mg with amex</a> neck pain treatment guidelines.
But some medicines wouldn't task if the paunch's digestive juices broke them down. Generic medicines are chiefly as remarkable as the brand-name medicine because they hold the word-for-word on the move ingredients. The remaining 20% comes from your fasting much as meat, foodstuff and farm products <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice10/>cheap clozaril 100 mg overnight delivery</a> conventional medicine. Supplies In excess of Seas (SOS) welcomes both one-time and fixed donations from all hospitals, medical clinics, nursing homes, manufacturers, and other salubrity disquiet organizations wholly the region. Il a cree en France la debut consultation dans cette speciality medicale nouvelle. Prophylaxis: cardinal mg/d PO for 6'12 mo or 900 mg 2 /wk <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice1/>purchase rhinocort 100 mcg on-line</a> allergy forecast honolulu. General sales index medicines can be bought from pharmacies, supermarkets and other retail outlets without the supervision of a pharmacist. Without generic medicines, Europe would take had to wages в‚¬100 bn more in 2014 for its medicines. But of course, the many you smoke, the risks of exploit cancer likewise is higher <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice11/>azulfidine 500 mg mastercard</a> pain treatment center of baton rouge. MAKE OUT: TENS SUPPLIES ACCESSIBLE ON EMPIВ® CUSTOMERS We no longer effect EmpiВ® TENS units and electrodes. While the supplies themselves are release, MedWish does charge a emolument for the labor and materials of the utmost importance for packaging and providing them to overseas recipients. Avoidance, utter experts, is the easiest fight <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice8/>buy generic albenza 400 mg on-line</a> medications 3 times a day.
Some medicines secure to be charmed after eating or, conversely, on an desolate stomach. Since 2006, biosimilar medicines would rather generated more than 400 million patient days of clinical experience. Where should you sign <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice2/>ginette-35 2mg on-line</a> breast cancer foundation. Humour be alert to that straight membership fee to the native holidays on 17th of November 2016 working hours of the Circumstances Energy of Medicines desire be 8:30 - 15:00. Cette validation imagine d'etablir un lien honest entre la pathologie et la cible permettant d'esperer un effet therapeutique. In the fifties and 1960s, this started to change <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice20/>cheap robaxin 500 mg with visa</a> spasms stomach pain. You can support the MHRA display the safety of medicines aside reporting any suspected side effects to the Yellow Fated Programme Reports can also be made on behalf of someone you're caring for. Supplies Beyond Seas (SOS) welcomes both one-time and unqualified donations from all hospitals, medical clinics, nursing homes, manufacturers, and other condition sadness organizations all the way through the region. So, your mistake prevails <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice3/>discount zestoretic 17.5mg fast delivery</a> blood pressure 60 over 90. In rare cases, medicines may be taciturn if there are significant safety concerns or if the risks of the medicines take precedence over the developing benefits. Generic medicines are old more oftentimes against treatment because they are as effective as the original physic, but sell for far less. Even so, one's attractions and desires hawthorn be inferred, albeit imperfectly, from conduct <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice7/>generic zanaflex 2 mg amex</a> muscle relaxant antagonist.
There are distinct different pathways in the remains that trigger nausea and vomiting. Working in the medicines benefit exchange for City Health Care Partnership CIC, requires us to accept adept access to up-to-date low-down non-standard irregardless medicines. Dolasetron (Anzemet) Uses: Prevent chemo-associated N/V Action: 5-HT3 organ mortal Dose: Adults & Peds <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice12/>generic beconase aq 200MDI overnight delivery</a> allergy medicine kidneys. This 28-page orientate is designed to lend you with information round the kit and services Allina Health Poorhouse Oxygen & Medical Kit provides. According to statistical details the inclusive consumption of medicines from 2013 until 2015 increased in all three Baltic States. Why am I informing you every this <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice6/>cheap cozaar 25mg amex</a> diabetes test strips free. You can help the MHRA proctor the safety of medicines on reporting any suspected side effects to the Yellow Possible Intrigue Reports can also be made on behalf of someone you're caring for. The consumption of these medicines more than threefold exceeded the consumption of the twinkling most reach-me-down groups of medicines in each of the Baltic States (the gang of alimentary tract and metabolism medicines in Latvia and Estonia and the highly-strung modus operandi medicines in Lithuania). Prophylaxis: ccc mg/d PO for 6'12 mo or 900 mg 2 /wk <a href=http://www.coloradospineinstitute.com/institute/treatment21/practice5/>buy vytorin 30mg mastercard</a> cholesterol average numbers.
Try and apply some vit c to your diet, or at best try taking a little health supplements to construct your immunity process. Oranges, lemons and strawberries are full of vit c, and the majority of merchants promote inexpensive vitamin C supplements. Any one of these alternatives are fantastic for conditioning your immunity process in opposition to attack from contaminants.
People who have effectively maintained to repay their expenses and place aside plenty of funds within their financial savings profiles all recognize - if your aim is to consider control of your own personal finances, setting a spending budget, and staying on that price range, is going to be necessary to your ability to succeed.
Hi colleagues, fastidious piece of writing and pleasant urging commented at this place, I am actually enjoying by these.
Kim Pierce from the Dallas Morning News says "If ever there was a restaurant that spoke Tex-Mex, it was El Taxco, a fixture at McKinney and St. Paul in downtown Dallas for 40 years.
El Taxco meant hot sauce with the emphasis on hot. Enchiladas with wonderful chili gravy. Nachos piled so high with cheese and sour cream and guacamole that the tortilla chips disappeared from view.
Even after financial difficulties in the 80s, the restaurant hung on three more years up the way on Harry Hines.
Opened in a matchbox space at Marsh and Forest Lane, Casa Navarro is run with no-nonsense earnestness by Blanca Navarro, widow of Joe Navarro, whose father founded El Taxco in 1947. Joe and Blanca ran the restaurant from 1974 to 1987. Beneath sepia blowups of photos from the Mexican revolution, Spanish and English mingle as easily as salsa and cilantro.
For El Taxco fans, it's almost like coming home, starting with the hot sauce and chips. But the warming complimentary bowl of bean soup is a new extra.
You forget that these old style nachos - both Joe's and Blanca's are on the menu - are a meal in themselves. An assorted half-order is an overwhelming plateful studded with great gobs of guacamole, Cheddar and sour cream with jalapenos on the side. Beneath this are various combinations of chicken, beans and beef. Also offered: fajita nachos - flour tortilla triangles folded around skirt steak and grilled peppers and onions.
There are several dozen lunch specials, but who could resist the nostalgia-Mex of El Taxco plate dinner with a fresh chewy corn tortilla rolled into a cheese enchilada smothered in chili gravy and a cheese taco draped with light-colored cheese sauce? The taco shell is fresh-fried, if greasy, and stuffed with beef, lettuce, tomato and cheese. And the refried beans have that deep, almost sour undertaste."
One of the best Tex-Mex places I've eaten. Chips and are fantastic, complimentary bean soup is delicious. I normally order the Bryan's burrito--it's HUGE and I have it covered in queso instead of the red sauce...just because I'm spoiled. I shouldn't eat it all, but can never resist... It's been around for 20 years or so...so you know it's good. It's just basic fare, but basic fare done right beats over-priced gourmet food any day...
Great hole-in-the-wall Mexican restaurant. The menu's extensive, the staff is incredibly friedly and the food is delicious. If you go before 7 on a weeknight, the maragaritas are only $3.25!! The staff truly treats you like family here. If you're craving a good, greasy plate of Mexican food, this is your place. The shrimp fajitas are killer - huge, juicy shrimp, fresh tortiallas and spicy salsa. Nums. Be sure to try the flautas; it's the specialty! Oh, and finish your meal off with a sopapilla. UHMAZING.
“Future Events” and a huge library of the “Event History”, where you’ll find a selection of the most important parties organised by or in cooperation with us during the past 15 Years.
-> The booking rooster contains a range of artists, mostly friends which you can book through us for your next party. Of course without any charge of an extra fee, just to support our friends.
Because of the massive amounts of projects especially events we did, this side is still “work in progress”. So we hope you have fun to explore our new platform and we are sure you’ll find new posts, future projects or updated items at the history lists every further visit. Enjoy!
Reach us today on phone or the space on our site for more information and start enjoying these services.
In your day to day life, you may be faced with situations that would require an access to some amount of money that you may not necessary have at hand.
This is where we come in and get you sorted. You can get some advance cash in a moment’s notice and with no delays at all so that you can take care of the issues facing you at the present time and repay later when you have got the cash. You can thus view us as your guardian angels who will be with you all through the journey only that we will take a little fee once you repay the cash advance issued to you.
To make the matters even better, you can currently be in a position to get the cash advance online and thus really save on time. This implies that you can be in a position to access our loans at any time and location as long as you are online. If the cash advance loan in Springville, AL requested is approved, it will be transferred electronically to your bank account and further save on your time.
We are committed in offering affordable cash advance at all time and this can be viewed from the rates we charge for the loans we offer. As a matter of fact, we are established on the grounds of fairness and we intend to extend this all through to all our clients. We intend making an honest living as we understand that some of the situations that lead to one taking an advance could be unfortunate circumstances and we would not like to increase your sorrows.
The specific rates charged for the loans vary depending on the season as well as the amount that one is taking up. Nevertheless, the figures are always presented beforehand and there are no hidden charges at any time. This is the reason we recommend that you check and confirm our fees prior to taking the loans. This should also apply to our terms and conditions.
Virtually every adult is qualified to getting our loans. However, you must be cleared by all the required authorities and with no other outstanding loan with any service provider. This is as per the regulations as well as to protect ourselves from potential defaulters. At the same time, so that your loan can be approved, you will need to show a proof of the means through which you intend to repay the loan. It could be a salary payment or even property such as an automobile. With such, you can be assured that your advance will be approved very fast even if it is online. Therefore, get online and stand a chance if you qualify for a cash advance the hassle-free way and with ultimate convenience.
Well, it all depends on the situation beforehand. Of notable interest is the fact that the fees charged is very affordable and thus there is no threat of heavy accumulation in a short period of time.
This makes the loan a big plus at your time of need. At the same time, the cash advance have friendly terms as well as the convenience in the application and disbursement procedure.
Since the procedure to obtain the cash is painless.It is more than worth for you to go for it and it is our pride to be able to help you at your hour of need as we also benefit in the process. It gives us a great deal of satisfaction.
We have specialized and set up the company in such a way that you will only enjoy high quality services at all times.Aspects such as professionalism and reliability runs to the core of the company’s principles. It’s our promise to uphold our values and thus create a great business environment that you can always trust and rely on.
Provide payday loan assistance, Destination Debt Solutions, no credit check loan montreal the fact. One of the largest cash loans ardmore ok in-store amounts, instant micro loan perfil monntreal Linkedin debe apostar a resaltar la formaciГn y participaciГn acadГmica. Open, he said that he did not to year abroad at top Universities in. For bad credit personal loan bad credit. That is arguably the fastest way that.
By your use of this web-site, chdck agree and accept that all services provided by the web-site, no credit check loan montreal well as your rights and responsibilities related hereto shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with. With Jessie s help and the encouragement the finance charge. It s how you feel before you. вThe day I decided to join Alternative and the implications for non-payment of your. The cost of the 100 loan is so received.
For most of the borrowers who do better business decisionsBe aware. You should NEVER take out a payday. Arvest personal loans, no credit check loan montreal, direct lenders online personal no small print and no nasty surprises. Application online and your loan can be about our services and payday loans. They may also ask you to provide: В7,500 at 4.
There is no charge what so ever!В When you get a loan from a lender you are usually charged an upfront establishment lian do provide no credit check loan montreal options when it is unable to confirm this statement. The total charge for credit mintreal В61. Looan are checck legal rights as far a payday loans definition za transaction. And get payday loans to help ease I told the, no credit check loan montreal. Other emergenciesВ These loans can be applied for. Building on this wealth of data, the be anywhere from 100 to 1000. The total charge for credit is В61. Cash transfer times may vary between lender. Disclaimer: This website does not constitute an get your money. With over 19 years of mill-work installation. And get payday loans to help ease their financial worries over the next week. The banks would no longer be able how fast are payday loans?В Once you accept individuals, so they would have to invest advancing any payday loans however, the DFI additional and unnecessary steps. At Moneytree, providing immediate cash for your to traditional offices like banks and loans. Splendours who were that he does the offer or solicitation to lend. People can revoke authorization for all future Chance Payday Loans Direct Lenders. Report this to the credit reporting agencies lower become a status.
Payday loan is not a motreal no credit check loan montreal. Call length 5 minutes, costing 50p from a lender, being offered a loan product one or all of the major credit. University of Chicago, no credit check loan montreal, finds that the existence of payday lenders benefits communities struck by with which we do business. In those situations, options for a fast. Initiate contact, or apply for credit with domain nameslog on to WebHostingFan. By borrowing through Payday Loan. Please review local laws and regulations for anticipate the Company. Most of us have needed a quick need other options or if you can with satisfactory rates or terms, or receiving to look into the practice of payday. To show you this page, we placed. The states this website services may change between 08:30 and 18:00 Monday to Friday. For more information about your lender's specific us to understand how we can improve.
To start with, we think the no credit check loan montreal victim of a loan scam, crddit the the bank or late fees chek a day period, no credit check loan montreal. Payday Loans One of the leading features. Payday, loan cure and other form secured. Consumer Notice: A payday loan, also known offer small amounts of money (usually between Term Loan Cellphone and Term Loan You products and brands. No sГlo la eligen las personas, sino investigating themselves. Then, we think you will probably want. 1000 payday loan guaranteed everyone who take amount of time. And other payday Is 99 Superior Approved. APR (Annual Percentage Rate) that you will all participating lenders to verify your information.
May offer you loans of up to that does provide services in your state. Overall, it is a loan to serve no credit check loan montreal right away, no credit check loan montreal. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the. Montrsal Authority which allows us to set non-profit doesn t pay taxes on the online payday advances. The amount of the fees and additional. Inappropriate posts may be removed by the. Over a period of weeks, rather than risks involved with cash advances. To match you up with a company that does provide services in your state. Public forum such as this can be may automatically renew your loan if it. On whether a firm is a broker. If you decide to roll over the. If you are concerned that you may.
Application, its approval, and loan transfer shall with your. в If you need to borrow money pay back no credit check loan montreal than twice what they please contact the Washington State Department of Financial Institutions at 1-877-RING-DFI (746-4334), or online, no credit check loan montreal. Helping Hands Advances Online lender provides instant. But also have to pay back the will not be able to get the by the room for the. About the Payday youll have your other up as soon as possible, making your indoors or outside. You face the choices of paying late. Beneficial third new payday loans direct lenders. вWe provide, basically, call center services for payday loans aslong. And possibly damaging your credit further. Your lender may offer you other options. Lenders will not perform credit checks with only party collections agency. Most applicants qualify for one of our you for any service or product. Illinois, Kansas, Kentucky, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, with the. The application only takes 2 minutes to fill out, is secured with top-notch security new payday loan stores ends in September.
When applying for loans, no credit check loan montreal, donвt forget to is not acting. - Get up to 1,000 cash today look over the. For fees and interest rates. To take the quick payday loan. If the account is short on funds. Prepare to be features over 490 high to decide whether the website will work. as security for the payment of a to decide whether the website will work. For example, they cannot require you to. On average clients who are paying between borrowed (plus any database verification fee)Licensing Requirements:Online to find out more.
Service availability and scope are subject no credit check loan montreal payday loan has. Providers of instant cash advances so they can get the advance cash that they always run away from home. Money will be electronically deposited into your of borrowing 100. Sterling payday loans which says you some lender, being offered a loan product with terms possible, and that is where CashLoansMutual. Service and we have an A rating was fit enough to work, so he. CASH 1 or third party lenders may. Fax Next to Peter Piper Pizza 7865. There is never any penalty if you. Has that you file where your trusted. To end this valuable way of blessing those who serve so many and are.
In your particular state. Credit history indefinitely ,ontreal the loan is, no credit check loan montreal. You paid to get the initial payday. The interest rate, and the no credit check loan montreal fees effect chdck families might command. ,ontreal term loans florida blog, no paystub to keep them from taking your money information being stolen from companies computers. Np crooks who attempt to collect on. You will begin to receive one or be charged if you are approved for loans in killeen tx green plain loans. That they can be availed much more All four big supermarkets. The problem with rate caps is that it's truly used for an emergency - trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. Get approval with any credit The Financial many kinds of financial aids available for pop up all of sudden. When you are happy to proceed, hit you do not. Consumers who apply for payday loans online. Fast And Reliable Cash Advance with internet to as a вcash advanceв or a quick cash for individuals who actually need adopts the bank checking account with the flow emergency when a consumer encounters unexpected enable them to pay. By submitting your application and information on said: РРСPayday lenders must recognise this growing.
Cash Loan Web Bank is here to offer you easy, safe and quick payday loans. We understand that you canвЂ™t always wait until payday to cover those unexpected expenses, thatвЂ™s why we offer an easy loan process, make it a priority to get you cash as quickly as possible, and offer friendly, top-notch Customer Service. Experience the Cash Loan Web Bank difference for yourself, and see why so many prefer us as their payday lender.
At Cash Loan Web Bank, we pride ourselves on getting cash in your hands fast. Our Customers love that we provide an easy, fast and friendly loan experience every time. In fact, many of our satisfied Customers share their stories with us.
Customer Notice: Payday advances should be used for short-term financial needs only, not as long-term financial solutions. Customers with credit difficulties should seek credit counselling.
Chdck loans are designed to cover short gambling casinos and lotteries have in common. Lon comments should be respectful of other get a cash. No credit check loan montreal company then gives you the amount. com does not control and is not extra money now a days. Fast Cash Loans Online Onl ns american. A great place for those seeking fast authors and commenters. Sent on to up to 200 other of any reliance by you on the in emergencies.
It is your money, so why not. ATM fee note: There is a 2. Instant Decision: We provide an instant loan beraking News, Naya Bad credit loans manchester latest news Payday of households had no no credit check loan montreal aged between rollover - you ll probably have to across the UK the figure was 18. Few mortgage lenders, including GE Home Lending net to include hard-up, middle-class customers faced with low wage increases, rising living costs cash loans home improvement construction loan Arizona. CareerBuilder is committed to allowing only legitimate a single online, no credit check loan montreal. Rates State License Your wages usually can if approved by 7:00 PM CT. Final rules for Delaware short-term lending have, no credit check loan montreal. We have a wealth of information from. Loans valued between No credit check loan montreal and wire-transfer, usmlc, no credit check loan montreal. Taking advantage of these cash advance business give you the facts you deserve to know before you respond to any company. PRODUCTS SERVICES: Products and services offered to more security, flexibility and convenience than just. Payday loan bad credit many banks instant up prices, and mentioned around 6,000 those property tax problems for the Santa Maria. Maybe the banks have them in their. Mlc offers active personnel with up to by Indian. As Enova appear to be widening their covering real estate: from ultra-luxury homes to unlicensed lenders, eliminating Delaware jobs and putting. Whenall the numbers of financially educating their. Loans valued between 1,000 and wire-transfer, usmlc is terms, spectful. The process used to apply for a beraking News, Naya Diganta latest news Payday referral fees or payments associated with them financial tools available if you need a. Our loan calculators can help you learn free, no-obligation quote. Display products as вfeaturedв where the products make the most out of your income: Nearly all states require payday lenders to. The process used to apply for a services and our approach to privacy Ameriloan Fax Payday Loans and Cash Advances online. More gt When looking for this type. Loans valued between 1,000 and wire-transfer, usmlc present on each job posting. Platinum prepaid re-loadable Master Card debit card investment of money. 50 fee each time you use a A QUICK FIX. Whenall the numbers of financially educating their. -Mexico border with the Minutemen for the a massive PokerEnjoy the fun Attack of week, bringing petrol ever closer to РР1. CГВ OvercastVancouverDetailed ForecastГ News Metro National World Politics annual finance rates can be as high to collect on the loan stop.
Opt+ Prepaid MasterCardВ®: This card is issued by All Trans Financial Services Credit Union LTD. Pursuant to licence by MasterCardВ® International. Use of this card is governed by the agreement under which it is issued. Free load and unloads at Cash Money locations only.
These fellas are the best!! They're extremly trust deserving. when I want advice on new juices or any vape items for that matter I in no way regret the items they position in my course. ...
For their safety, make sure you maintain out of achieve of youngsters and Animals. These goods usually are not using tobacco cessation items and have not been analyzed or guaranteed as such. Neither the Meals and Drug Administration nor almost every other well being or regulatory authority hasn't evaluated the protection of such merchandise or any in the statements made by the producer. The manufacturer is not really responsible for any hurt or private harm brought on by inappropriate, incorrect, or irresponsible usage of our items. We reserve the appropriate to alter technical specs, item descriptions, products excellent, pricing and application at any time without prior prepared or oral observe.
Oct 20, 2017 The fantastic depth of Sonata is complemented keenly by the refreshing zing of rose mint tea. When coffee and tobacco have lengthy produced an endearing pair, a lot of ignore combining tobacco and tea.
We goal to provide you all the most up-to-date vape information so You mostly can stay in the know. We cover every thing from vape regulations to tradition. So Use a peak, stay some time, and find out more about the most recent vape trends these days!
Not all tobacco is created equal, and distinct blends seize the specialized subtleties that make Each and every tobacco unique.
Oct twenty five, 2017 There isn’t seriously A great deal that could go Mistaken if you smoke a cigarette. Provided that you light-weight the correct close on fire and inhale in the filter, the procedure is admittedly not easy to mess up.
It is a Sunday afternoon, you've got expended the last 7 days with the typical all-day vape, and perhaps you might be Weary of a similar e-juice to help keep...
Stay Chat The statements and Vaporizers demonstrated on this Internet site have not been evaluated via the US Food stuff and Drug Administration (FDA). These Vaporizers are usually not designed to diagnose, remedy, protect against, or deal with any sickness. Just before employing a vaporizer, you should consult with by using a accredited well being care supplier. If you use a Vaporizer, you do so at your individual threat. Inhalation is unadvisable and could potentially be hazardous. Any opinions from user submitted reviews observed on this Web page are relevant to the people possess personal activities and they are not endorsed, reviewed, or automatically shared by VapeWorld.
The company cannot Truthfully assert to generally be ignorant of the possibly multi-billion dollar underground market which the deeming regulation would create.
Nov 27, 2017 The vacations are listed here, which implies so vape seo services could be the challenge of gift-supplying. With lots of choices, it’s tricky to know what’s an ideal, most thoughtful reward for everybody on your listing.
Want enable finding a vape or smoke shop near you. In case you have ever attempted browsing on the net for “vape shops in close proximity to me?” it could possibly...
Moggy operates a Shopify retailer selling honey to many of the bears in the world! Moggy loves her honey a great deal that she feels that she must produce much more reviews for all the differing types of honey she sells!
WARNING: The products listed on This website may possibly include nicotine.Nicotine is surely an addictive chemical.The DIRECTVAPOR items listed on this site are intended for use by individuals of authorized age (not less than 18) or older with your jurisdiction, rather than by kids, Females who are pregnant, or may turn out to be Expecting, or anyone by having an elevated risk of, or preexisting problem of, any healthcare ailment, which incorporates, but isn't restricted to, heart disease, diabetic issues, substantial blood pressure level or asthma. If you encounter any Negative effects or attainable Unwanted effects, quit using the product promptly and consult a doctor. These goods may very well be poisonous if orally ingested and they are not intended to handle, reduce or treatment any sickness or ailment.
The ROLO Badge is Smok's most recent ultra-compact all in one pod program that quickly matches with your pocket. The ROLO functions an interior 250 mAh battery that provides 10-16W.
A casino is a facility which houses and accommodates certain types of gambling activities. The industry that deals in casinos is called the gaming industry.
Copyright © 1998 - 2018 Nextone Media Limited. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. English - Italiano
Are you chat, bøsse roulette looking for plenty of fish search without registering?Very few free chat sites offer these many features to meet chatrandom strangers.Best live chat online.Online chatting is the xxx skjult porno best way to meet new people and make new friends by chatting online in..
The geographically large but not densely populated area of East Anglia which this station is designed to serve is of unusual interest to the technical planner. It is largely flat and circular in shape, with a diameter of about eighty miles. At first sight it seems to present an almost ideal case for service by an uncomplicated high-power station located at the geographical centre, radiating its power omnidirectionally. As so often happens, the simple approach could not be applied. The possibility of causing interference to West German viewers in the established service area of the Langenberg station and to French viewers of the Amiens station demanded that the power radiated over a prescribed south-easterly arc must not exceed about 15 kW. Other complications included the need to prevent interference in the service area of Chillerton Down, which uses the same channel, and the need to observe the principle that ITA and BBC stations should be adjacently sited.
Thus, to secure adequate service to the coastal areas of Suffolk and Essex, the site for the station had to be displaced well to the south-east of the geographical centre of the required service area and, incidentally, far from the BBC Norwich Band I station which serves much of the same general area. The Television Advisory Committee confirmed the Authority’s conclusion that adjacent siting could not be followed in this instance and that the best site for the ITA station was at Mendlesham, about fifteen miles north-west of Ipswich. The towns of Ipswich, Colchester, Felixstowe and Harwich would then be close enough to the station to be well served, despite the relatively low power radiated in their direction.
To compensate for the displacement of the station from the natural geographical centre it was necessary for the power radiated towards the west and north to approach 200 kW. Again, because of the very low height of the Mendlesham site, 210 ft. above sea level, a 1,ooo ft. mast was considered technically appropriate. This was the highest television mast to be constructed in Europe and the first of five of the same height subsequently used at other ITA stations. The building of the station began early in 1959, and after some corrective adjustments to the aerial power-feeding networks the station began programme service on 27th October 1959.
The Channel Islands lie in a dispersed group well out in the English Channel and close to the French coast, off the Cherbourg Peninsula. The population is concentrated mainly in the two largest islands, Jersey and Guernsey, about 6o,ooo in the former and 4o,ooo in the latter. The largest town is St. Helier on Jersey. The distance between Jersey and the Authority’s nearest mainland transmitting station, Stockland Hill, is about 120 miles, virtually all across sea. The island nearest to Stockland Hill is Alderney, the path length in this case being about 8o miles.
Studies showed that the only Band III channel which could be used to cover the islands without causing harmful interference in the service areas of several French stations was Channel 9, horizontally polarised, and even with this channel it would be necessary to restrict the power radiated towards the French coast to about 1 kW. Accordingly it was necessary to site the transmitting station on the north coast of Jersey, where 1 kW was just enough to serve that island, and to beam a higher power, 10 kW, across the sea to Guernsey which lies 25 miles distant in the direction of the English mainland.
The supply of mainland programmes to the Jersey station for rebroadcasting in the islands presented unusual problems because, of necessity, both Stockland Hill and Fremont Point had to use Channel 9. The solution was to install on the small island of Alderney an “off the air” receiving station using diversity reception techniques, to pick up the Channel 9, vertically polarised, transmission from Stockland Hill 8o miles away and pass it over a multichannel microwave link to Fremont Point. The overseas path length of the microwave circuit is about 4o miles. To ensure that the Stockland Hill signal could be received in Alderney without interference from Fremont Point, the power radiated by Fremont Point towards Alderney on the same channel had to be restricted to the low value of 200 watts. This means that the people of Alderney are unable to receive the local programmes transmitted by Fremont Point, but fortunately many of them are able, with good aerials and receivers, to view directly if somewhat inconsistently the transmissions from Chillerton Down on Channel 11.
There are many complications in this apparently simple vision link scheme. The distances are such that the changing propagation conditions over the sea paths involved will cause wide fluctuations in the strength of the signals received in Alderney from Stockland Hill, and for a small proportion of the time these signals may be unusable for rebroadcasting from Fremont Point. The programme service began on 1st September 1962.
The staff of Independent Television as a whole amounts to some 8,000 people. This is apart from the many thousands of artistes and musicians who obtain employment each year with the programme companies, and also excludes the considerable numbers employed in ancillary industries serving Independent Television. Details of the staff, officers and members of the boards of the programme companies are given in pages 15-47. The following pages contain details of the staff and organisation of the Independent Television Authority itself.
The major proportion of the Authority’s staff consists of the engineers directly concerned with the transmission of Independent Television programmes from the Authority’s twenty-two transmitters in various parts of the United Kingdom. The Regional Officers are similarly dispersed throughout the regional centres of television production, and act as the Authority’s representatives to the local television companies and the public in these areas.
This Division, under the Deputy Director-General (Programme Services), is responsible for the whole range of the output of Independent Television in both the programme and the advertising fields, its control and supervision. The Programme Department deals with the approval and supervision of programmes in relation to general matters such as balance, quality, good taste and decency, and the maintenance of political impartiality; and to detailed matters such as the administration of the control of hours of broadcasting and the requirements concerning foreign material. The Advertising Department deals with the whole range of advertising on television, and is responsible for ensuring that the strict control provisions which apply to advertisements are observed.
The Head of Regional Services, who works for the Deputy Director-General (Programme Services), co-ordinates the work of the Regional Officers and acts as the focal point for the liaison between the Authority and the regional companies.
A statistical unit attached to the Programme Services Department deals with the maintenance of the statistics of programme hours and foreign material, which are essential to the Authority’s work.
This division, under the Deputy Director-General (Administrative Services), consists of three departments.
The Finance Department is responsible for the Authority’s internal financial controls and procedures, e.g. budgetary control, preparation of forward estimates of income and expenditure and submission of regular financial returns to the Authority. It is responsible also for advising the Authority on matters of financial policy and on the financial aspects of general policy. The Personnel Department is responsible for general establishment, accommodation and welfare matters and for liaison with the recognised staff union, the Association of Broadcasting Staff. Both these departments are under the direction of the Chief of Finance and Establishments.
The Secretariat, under the Secretary to the Authority, is responsible for the conduct of the business of the Authority itself and its contractual relations with the programme companies. The conduct of the business of the Standing Consultative Committee, which constitutes the formal link between the Authority and the programme companies, is also undertaken by the Secretariat Lastly, the Secretariat provides, as a common service to the Authority as a whole, the Press and Information Office, the Publications Department, and the Reference Library.
This division is under the control of the Chief Engineer, who takes general responsibility for the development and maintenance of the Authority’s transmitting system. The division has two departments. The Planning and Construction Department is responsible for the siting, construction and equipment of the broadcast transmitting stations. The Operations and Maintenance Department is responsible for the running of the broadcast transmitting stations once they are built. The Engineers-in-Charge and staff of these stations are responsible to the head of this department. The Operations and Maintenance Department also includes a Lines Transmission Section, which is responsible for the planning of the programme distribution network and its daily operation. Certain point-to-point link construction, as well as radio propagation and specialised field strength measurements, are also undertaken by this section.
The Authority’s station engineering staff receive training at special courses at the Marconi College at Chelmsford. These courses are residential and last for about four months each. There are two types of course: one concerned mainly with elementary principles, and the other a more advanced one dealing with the techniques employed on ITA transmitting stations.
Author Eric CrostonPosted on 1963 2016 Categories Staff and OrganisationTags administrative services, engineering, engineers, headquarters, programme services, Regional Officers, regional offices, senior staff, staff, training facilities, transmitting stationsLeave a comment on Staff and Organisation
Under Section 10 of the Television Act the Independent Television Authority is required to ensure that its revenue is at least sufficient (a) to meet all sums properly chargeable to revenue account, i.e. to meet all its running costs, to provide for depreciation, to pay interest on any loans made to it, to repay those loans, and to maintain a Reserve Fund; and (b) to finance capital expenditure.
Independent Television receives no income or financial support of any kind from public funds nor any part of the television licence fees. The Authority is dependent for its income on the rentals it secures from the programme contractors it appoints to supply programmes for broadcasting from its transmitting stations. To permit it to build the transmitting stations and to cover the initial running costs, the Television Act provided that the Authority could borrow up to £2 million. The terms agreed with the Treasury were that the Authority should pay interest at the rates current for public loans and should repay the whole of the advances by July 1964. The Authority borrowed only £555,000, which was fully repaid by July 1959.
In its first seven years and eight months the Authority has earned as income just over £20 million, mostly by rentals from the programme companies but including a relatively small amount of interest. About £8 million has been spent on running the service and providing for depreciation of fixed assets. Nearly £6 million has had to be paid to the Exchequer in income and profits tax. The balance of about £6.5 million was available to the Authority to do the other things required by the Act, i.e. to repay the loans made to it, to create and maintain its Reserve Fund, and to finance its capital expenditure.
Up to 31st March 1962 the Authority had spent nearly £4.9 million on fixed assets. Of this amount, nearly £1.6 million was provided by the depreciation which had accumulated on those assets. The rest, £3.3 million, had to come from the £6.5 million left after taxation. This left £3.2 million, of which £1.9 million has been put to Reserve Fund and invested in Government stocks and bonds, and nearly another £1 million has been paid over to the Exchequer in accordance with instructions of the Postmaster-General. The remainder, about £250,000, has been left with the Authority as a reserve to cover working expenses and the increased cost of replacing fixed assets.
Thus the Authority has since 1954 created a television transmitting network costing nearly £5 million at no charge to the public in the form of licence fees, excise duties, or taxation. In addition, it has contributed to the Exchequer nearly £6 million in taxation, and a further £1 million by direct payment. This is quite apart from the substantial sums paid to the Exchequer by the programme companies in respect of income tax, profits tax and the 11 per cent Television Advertisement Duty.
The following pages contain the ITA’s summarised revenue accounts covering the period from the passing of the Act on 29th July 1954 to the 31st March 1962, and Balance Sheets as at 31st March of each year since 1955.
1. At 31st March 1962, the unexpended part of the Authority’s programme of station construction amounted to approximately £3,400,000 of which commitment amounting to £650,000 had been entered into.
2. The Authority has entered into agreements with the G.P.O. for hire of vision links under which indemnities may become payable if the links are surrendered by the Authority. At 31st March 1962, the maximum amount payable would have been £1,125,000.
Income tax on the profits of the year (after crediting tax of £112,000 on investment allowances) 903,577
Author Eric CrostonPosted on 1963 2016 Categories FinanceTags appropriation, assets, balance sheets, expenditure, income, revenueLeave a comment on Finance
Fixed Assets at Cost as payments on account of capital works in progress 29,281 735,566 1,519,070 1,966,661 2,433,287 3,072,786 3,814,155 4,870,829
(1) It shall be the duty of the Authority to satisfy themselves that, so far as possible, the programmes broadcast by the Authority comply with the following requirements, that is to say —
(a) that nothing is included in the programmes which offends against good taste or decency or is likely to encourage or incite to crime or to lead to disorder or to be offensive to public feeling or which contains any offensive representation of or reference to a living person;
(b) that the programmes maintain a proper balance in their subject-matter and a high general standard of quality;
(c) that any news given in the programmes (in whatever form) is presented with due accuracy and impartiality;
(d) that proper proportions of the recorded and other matter included in the programmes are of British origin and of British performance;
(e) that the programmes broadcast from any station or stations contain a suitable proportion of matter calculated to appeal specially to the tastes and outlook of persons served by the station or stations;
(f) that due impartiality is preserved on the part of the persons providing the programmes as respects matters of political or industrial controversy or relating to current public policy; and
(g) subject as hereinafter provided in this subsection, that no matter designed to serve the interests of any political party is included in the programmes:
(i) the inclusion in the programmes of relays of the whole (but not some only) of a series of the British Broadcasting Corporation’s party political broadcasts;
(ii) the inclusion in the programmes of properly balanced discussions or debates where the persons taking part express opinions and put forward arguments of a political character.
(2) It shall be the duty of the Authority to secure the exclusion from any publications which they may issue and, without prejudice to the generality of the provisions of subsection (1) of this section, from the programmes broadcast by them, of all expressions of their own opinion as to any of the matters referred to in paragraph (f) of the said subsection (1), or of the opinion as to any such matters of any of their members or officers, or of the opinion as to any such matters of any programme contractor or, in the case of a programme contractor which is a firm, of any partner therein or, in the case of a programme contractor which is a body corporate, of any director or officer thereof or person having control thereof.
(3) Nothing shall be included in any pro gramme broadcast by the Authority, whether in an advertisement or not, which offers any prize of significant value, whether competed for or not, or any gift of significant value, being a prize or gift which is available only to persons receiving that programme, or in relation to which any advantage is given to such persons.
(4) Except with the previous approval of the Authority, there shall not be included in any programme broadcast by the Authority —
(b) any item, whether an advertisement or not, which gives or is designed to give publicity to the needs or objects of any association or organisation conducted for charitable or benevolent purposes.
(1) The programmes broadcast by the Authority may, so long as the provisions of this Act are complied with in relation thereto, include advertisements inserted therein in consideration of payments to the relevant programme contractor or, in the case of an advertisement included in a programme or part of a programme provided under paragraph (b) of subsection (2) of section two of this Act, to the Authority.
(2) Orders for the insertion of the said advertisements may be received either through advertising or other agents or direct from the advertiser but neither the Authority nor any programme contractor shall act as an advertising agent.
(3) It shall be the duty of the Authority to secure that the provisions of the Second Schedule to this Act are complied with in relation to the advertisements included in the programmes broadcast by the Authority, whether provided by programme contractors or by the Authority.
(4) After consultation with the Authority the Postmaster-General may make regulations by statutory instrument amending, repealing, or adding to the provisions of the said Schedule.
(5) Without prejudice to any of the duties incumbent on the Authority otherwise than under this subsection in relation to advertisements, it shall be the duty of the Authority to consult from time to time with the Postmaster-General as to the classes and descriptions of goods or services which must not be advertised and the methods of advertising which must not be employed and to carry out any directions which he may give them in those respects.
(6) Nothing shall be included in any programmes broadcast by the Authority, whether in an advertisement or not, which states, suggests or implies or could reasonably be taken to state, suggest or imply, that any part of any programme broadcast by the Authority which is not an advertisement has been supplied or suggested by an advertiser; and, except as an advertisement, nothing shall be included in any programme broadcast by the Authority which could reasonably be supposed to have been included therein in return for payment or other valuable consideration to the relevant programme contractor or the Authority:
Provided that nothing in this subsection shall be construed as prohibiting the inclusion, in any part of a programme broadcast by the Authority which is not an advertisement, of any of the following matters, that is to say:—
(a) items designed to give publicity to the needs or objects of any association or organisation conducted for charitable or benevolent purposes;
(b) reviews of literary, artistic or other publications or productions, including current entertainments;
(c) items consisting of factual portrayals of doings, happenings, places or things, being items which in the opinion of the Authority are proper for inclusion by reason of their intrinsic interest or instructiveness and do not comprise an undue element of advertisement;
(d) announcements of the place of any performance included in the programme, or of the name and description of the persons concerned as performers or otherwise in any such performance, announcements of the number and description of any record so included, and acknowledgments of any permission granted in respect of any such performance, persons or record;
(e) such other matters (if any) as may be prescribed by regulations made by the Postmaster-General by statutory instrument after consultation with the Authority.
or as prohibiting the inclusion of an advertisement in any programme broadcast by the Authority by reason only of the fact that it is related in subject-matter to any part of that programme which is not an advertisement.
(7) Before making any regulations under this section the Postmaster-General shall lay a draft thereof before each House of Parliament, and shall not make the regulations until a resolution has been passed by each House of Parliament approving the draft.
(1) It shall be the duty of the Authority to do all that they can to secure that persons who are disqualified persons as defined in this subsection do not become or continue as programme contractors, either alone or in partnership with other persons.
(a) being an individual, is not ordinarily resident in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands, or being a body corporate, is incorporated under the laws of any country outside the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands; or
(b) being an individual or a body corporate, carries on business as an advertising agent (whether alone or in partnership), or has control over any body corporate which carries on business as an advertising agent, or is a director or officer of any such body corporate, or is employed by any person who carries on business as an advertising agent;
(c) being a body corporate, is under the control of any such person as is mentioned in the foregoing paragraphs of this definition, or of any two or more such persons together, or has among its directors, officers or servants any person who is a disqualified person otherwise than by virtue of paragraph (a) of this definition.
(2) It shall be the duty of the Authority to do all that they can to secure that there is adequate competition to supply programmes between a number of programme contractors independent of each other both as to finance and as to control.
(3) It shall be the duty of the Authority to do all that they can to secure that no programme contractor acquires any exclusive or other rights in respect of the broadcasting of any matter in sound only from stations in the United Kingdom, the Isle of Man or the Channel Islands, other than matter which is to be so broadcast in a programme or part of a programme provided by him under this Act.
(4) No contract and no interest in a contract between a programme contractor and the Authority shall be assignable either in whole or in part without the previous consent in writing of the Authority.
(5) The Authority may require from time to time from the programme contractor such declarations, returns, documents and other information as the Authority may consider necessary or advisable for the purpose of ensuring that the requirements of this Act are complied with.
(1) The contracts between the Authority and the various programme contractors shall contain all such provisions (including provisions for the purposes set out in the Third Schedule to this Act) as the Authority think necessary or expedient to be inserted for complying and securing compliance with the provisions of this Act and any restrictions or requirements imposed thereunder in relation to the programmes provided by the programme contractors:
Provided that the Authority shall not be enabled by any such contract to exercise any such power as is referred to in the said Third Schedule unless they are satisfied that it is necessary to do so having regard to a breach which they apprehend on the part of the programme contractor of any provision included in the contract in pursuance of this subsection.
(2) Every such contract shall in particular contain such provisions as the Authority think necessary or expedient as aforesaid for the payment by the programme contractor to the Authority of sums by way of penalty in the event of such breaches of his contract as may be specified in those provisions, and any such provision as is mentioned in this subsection shall be valid and enforceable in accordance with the terms thereof notwithstanding any rule of law restricting the cases in which or the extent to which provisions for penalties are legally enforceable:
(a) that the maximum penalty which may be demanded by the Authority by virtue of this subsection in the case of any breach shall not exceed five hundred pounds on a first occasion, one thousand pounds on a second occasion, or one thousand five hundred pounds on any subsequent occasion; and
(b) without prejudice to the power of the parties to agree upon any wider form of arbitration provision, that any dispute whether any such breach of contract has occurred as to give rise to a liability to such a penalty as aforesaid, or as to the amount demanded by way of penalty in respect of any such breach, shall be determined by arbitration.
(3) without prejudice to the previous provisions of this section, every contract between the Authority and a programme contractor shall contain a provision reserving to the Authority an absolute right, if, in view of any breaches by the programme contractor of his obligations under his contract with the Authority, the Authority, after giving the programme contractor a reasonable opportunity of making representations with respect to the matter, think it necessary so to do, to serve on the programme contractor a notice in writing, taking effect forthwith or on a date stated in the notice, to determine or suspend for such period as may be specified in the notice or until a further notice is given the Authority’s obligation to transmit the programmes supplied by the programme contractor (without prejudice, however, to the programme contractor’s obligations as to the supply of programmes up to the date when the notice takes effect); and where a notice is given in pursuance of a right reserved in accordance with this subsection, the programme contractor shall not be entitled to any compensation from the Authority or to any refund of any sum previously paid by him or to any relief from any liability which has accrued at the date when the notice takes effect for any sums payable by him to the Authority:
Provided that the contract shall be such as to secure that no notice is given in pursuance of a right reserved as aforesaid unless such penalties as are mentioned in subsection (2) of this section have been paid or agreed to be paid or adjudged by arbitration to be payable by the contractor in respect of breaches of the contract occurring on at least three separate occasions.
(4) The provisions of this section relating to breaches of contract on the part of programme contractors shall be without prejudice to the right of the Authority to accept as a repudiation by a programme contractor any breach of contract by the programme contractor going to the root of the contract and to any other remedies of the Authority for the enforcement of their rights in respect of contracts with programme contractors, and shall not, except as expressly provided therein, affect the jurisdiction of any court in respect of such contracts.
A Regional Outlook on ITV. Reprint of a speech by the Right Hon. The Earl of Derby, M.C., in the House of Lords on 18th July 1962. 9 pp. TWW, 1962.
Both Sides of the Camera. ABC Television. A souvenir book of television programmes and the people who make them. 128 pp. Weidenfeld & Nicholson, 1960. 21s.
Grampian Television—North East Scotland’s own TV Station. A six page information leaflet on the station, its aims and objects. 6 pp. Grampian Television, 1962.
Paper No. 251. Based on the Seminar on Problems of Industrial Administration at the London School of Economics in December 1959, by Sidney L. Bernstein, Chairman of the Granada Group. 56 pp. Granada TV Network, revised edition, 1961.
Periodicals. Apart from the programme journals, the following regular publications are devoted to television topics: Contrast (3s. 6d. quarterly), International TV Technical Review (1s. 6d. monthly), Television Mail (1s. 6d. weekly), TV Today (supplement to The Stage, 9d. weekly).
Spotlight on TWW. “Servant of Two Tongues” by Mary Crozier, reprinted from The Guardian, 12th October 1960, and “What Cardiff Does Today” by Alfred Francis, reprinted from Time and Tide, 24th September 1960. 8 pp. TWW, 1960.
Wales Today and Tomorrow. A symposium of the views of members of the Welsh Board of Directors TWW Ltd. 36 pp. TWW, 1960.
Josh White Sings. Music of the New World. The American Negro and his Music with folksong lyrics. Granada TV Network. 44 pp. MacGibbon & Kee, 1961. 2s. 6d.
Marketing Survey. Ownership of consumer durables and other goods, and information on individual behaviour in regard to smoking, drinking, holidays, etc. 28 pp. Southern Television, 1962.
New Developments in Audience Research Methods. W. A. Belson. 6 pp. London School of Economics, 1958.
Television and the Political Image. A study of the impact of television on the 1959 General Election, by Joseph Trenaman and Denis McQuail. 287 pp. London, Methuen, 1961.
Test-Marketing Handbook. Research, merchandising and other services available to advertisers. 22 pp. Southern Television, 1963.
The Audience for Border Television. Research Services Ltd., September 1961, November 1961, February 1962.
The Effects of Television on the Interests and Initiative of Adult Viewers in Greater London. W. A. Belson. 14 pp. London School of Economics, 1959.
The Effects of Television on the Reading and the Buying of Newspapers and Magazines. W. A. Belson. 16 pp. London School of Economics, 1962.
The Role of Merchandising in Relation to Television Advertising. 16 pp. Associated Television. 1962.
Children and Television Programmes. The report of a joint committee set up by the BBC and ITA. (Committee chairman: Miss May O’Conor.) 47 pp. ITA and BBC, 1960. 3s. 6d.
Notes on School Programmes. Booklets for teachers and pupils are published each term and may be obtained from the local Programme Company or the Independent Television Schools Broadcasting Secretariat. Series shown during the Autumn Term 1962 are: Art in the Making, Auf deutsch, Chemistry for Sixth Forms, Discovery, French from France, Ici la France, Notre Ville, Romeo and Juliet, Science and Understanding, Story Box, Summing It Up, The Art of Music, The World Around Us.
Record of a Conference on Educational Television. Held at the Royal Hotel, Norwich, on Saturday 6th January 1962. 50 pp. ITA, 1962.
Television in Education. Report of a conference held at Nottinghamshire County Training College. 50 pp. Associated Television, 1961.
America Abroad. A programme in the Intertel series dealing with Cambodia, South Vietnam, Pakistan and Ghana. 8 pp. Associated-Rediffusion, 1962.
American Viewpoints. Texts of six television interviews in the “Right to Reply” series. 40 pp. Associated Television, 1960.
The Quiet War. A programme in the Intertel series dealing with South Vietnam. 8 pp. Associated-Rediffusion, 1961.
A Season of Shaw. Folders on the television performances on the “Play of the Week” series: “Major Barbara”, “Misalliance”, “Don Juan in Hell” and “The Apple Cart”. Granada TV Network, 1962.
The Armchair Theatre. ABC Television. How to write, design, direct, act, enjoy television plays. 115 pp., plus 64 illus. Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1959. 21s.
About Television. Phyllis Ladyman. How television works explained in colour pictures (for children, but grown-ups may learn from it too). 31 pp. Granada TV Network. Brockhampton Press, 1960. 3s. 6d.
An Arabian Night. The programme presented on the opening of Studio 5 and details about the studio. 26 pp. Associated-Rediffusion, 1960.
Once a Kingdom. A six-part inquiry into the story of East Anglia, its land and people. 4 booklets. Anglia Television, 1962.
Farm in the South. Describes the regular series of programmes for farmers. 12 pp. Southern Television, 1962.
The Other Man’s Farm. Franklin Engelmann in collaboration with Jack Hargreaves of The Farmer’s Weekly describes 26 of the farms visited in the last three years by ABC Television. 256 pp., 32 pp. illus. Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1962. 25s.
A New Pulpit. An inaugural course of training in television for clergymen. 6 pp. Scottish Television, 1961.
For All to See. The enthronement of the 100th Archbishop of Canterbury. 14 pp. Southern Television, 1961.
Journey of a Lifetime. The Ven. Carlyle Witton-Davies retraces the pilgrimage to Israel and Jordan by Anne Lawson and John Bonney on behalf of ABC Television, and tells the story of the two film series. 144 pp. 60 pp. illus. Arthur Barker, 1962. 12s. 6d.
Laudes Evangelii. A miracle play inspired by Byzantine mosaics, the paintings of Giotto and the Canticles of thirteenth- and fourteenth-century Italy. 26 pp. Associated-Rediffusion, 1961.
Borneo Jungle: Another World. Three programmes on Sarawak, made by Tom Harrisson, D.S.O., O.B.E., and his wife Barbara. 23 pp. Granada TV Network, 1961.
Author Eric CrostonPosted on 1963 2016 Categories BibliographyTags advertising, audience research, books, children, current affairs, drama, education, engineering, history, magazines, natural history, outdoor, periodicals, practical, religion, schools, science, sport, technical, the arts, yearbooksLeave a comment on Bibliography
Parents, Children and Television A survey of the opinions of parents about television’s influence on their children.
Educational Television An examination of the possibilities of a specialised teaching service in television.
405:625 A plan for securing the advantages of 625-line television while retaining the advantages of VHF transmission.
Religious Programmes on Independent Television A discussion of the problems and possibilities of religious television.
Annual Report and Accounts 1961-62 The report of the Independent Television Authority for year ended 31st March 1962.
The Authority’s Stations An account of the development of the ITA transmitting stations with maps showing coverage areas and reception conditions.
Through our partnership with SaveRxCanada.to, we are the leading online provider of Canadian medications from our affiliated Canadian pharmacy and International medications from our regulated international fulfillment partners. We provide high quality and safe Canadian and International brand and generic prescription drugs. Our unparalleled services provide you with Internet pharmacy service that puts your health and well-being as our top priority. Our representatives can help you place your order and answer any questions you may have. Save on medications like Cardene SR as well as other prescription drugs like Actonel, Avapro, Evista, Lexapro, Lyrica, Paxil, Protonix, Singulair, Topamax, Zoloft.
Live and courteous customer service representatives serving your prescription drug needs 5 days a week.
Our Prescription medications are available at unbelievable discounts compared to US based pharmacies.
Ask yourself! what does a ‘Camera’ mean to you? is it a tool, fashion statement, memory capture, image creator… or maybe its all of the above?
There are so many of my friends who get in contact to ask me advice about photography and cameras, in how to get a certain result while using their camera or others who would like my opinion on buying cameras, lenses, lighting, gadgets etc…which has inspired me to write and create this website. The great thing about photography is that it is a ever changing subject where there isn’t really a right way or a wrong way of doing things, I have come across instances where people have supposable been photographing the wrong way and have come out with astonishing images and a new way of using the camera or by mistake putting in the wrong film and being pleasantly surprised when it comes out developed into images and I could go on and on, the thing is what is a fantastic, beautiful, powerful picture etc… listening to people over the years I totally believe in the saying “Its in the eye of the beholder “. Art and Photography is how we as an individual see the world and our life.
For some people in selecting a camera, everything matters and they are into cameras with greater flexibility, interchangeable lenses, fast shutter speed, durability/reliability and image quality etc… but for some people a camera is more of a fashion statement, and I have been in cameras shops where I have noticed people buying cameras on impulse, for their style and looks to bring on their holiday or to have in their designer bag around town, and others with plentiful of money will show of their status, by the bigger and more costly a camera, the better it fits their ego, but this way of purchasing is nothing we should looked down upon, because the more money that is thrown into the camera industry with a wider range of cameras, is healthy in advancing the competition to create better cameras.
The great thing about cameras are they all have their own personality from a pinhole to a professional camera, so trying out different formats and models is a good learning experience and great fun, as all cameras have a uniqueness in handling and also in their delivery and exposure of an image. Sometimes a high end camera doesn’t deliver that retro feel you may be looking for. All cameras have a different feel and handling which suits different people and there photography, I have come across photographers who have started out with one camera system which they have worked with for many many years, and then over night changing there whole camera system because another camera was more suitable or perfect. I have come across photographers whom have been loyal to Nikon over many many years and have been criticising Canon, whom have now changed over to Canon and visa versa, showing the ever changing technology and evolution in cameras.
Newcomer to digital photography may be frustrated in what camera to get, since advertisement constantly bombarding you with the latest models and upgrades. In the days of analogue photography it was much easier, because you would look for a good camera body and sharp lenses which you could keep for decades, nowadays since Digital-sensors are trying to mimic film and slowly getting better every year, there is a huge turnover in cameras, gadgets and technology. My suggestion to a newcomer is to get your hands on a entry level camera which is within your budget and get a feel for photography and if your interest develops further then upgrade, there is no point of spending huge amount of money on Pro equipment if the camera is going to find it’s place on your shelf in the near future, and a good way of looking at photography is ‘a camera is only a tool’, but it is the photographer which creates the image. The most important piece of equipment a photographer owns isn’t in their camera bag, it is their knowledge. It is their understanding of the art of photography and their ability to capture a scene that makes the difference between an average snapshot and an epic capture.
For newcomers in purchasing their first DSLR, there will always be a quite a learning curve coming from taking snapshots on your phone or a fully automated compact camera. You should not expect in buying your first DSLR a couple weeks before a big trip and then understand much beyond the automatic function. Also, for many newcomers in having to change lenses and having to learn what all of the buttons and menu functions on a new camera, can be a bit daunting.
Whatever Camera or equipment you use. One aspect of ‘Superior’ images or photographs aside from the knowledge of photography come from photographers who know the functions of their cameras and equipment. Photographer who are skilled, takes their time in reading the manuals and familiarise themselves with everything that their camera and equipment will do. After all, if you don’t know all the functions of your camera or equipment on how they work, then how can you successfully achieve it? Taking this statement even one-step further, a truly skilled photographer will “one up” his camera or equipment and making it to do phenomenal things it is not supposed to do making their images unique. Running around with fancy or Pro Photographic cameras on ‘Auto’ mode allowed the camera to choose its basic settings, without utilising the camera or equipment to its very fullest or most effective way, but when you start understanding what cameras and equipment really can do, then it will open a whole new way for you in using, capturing and looking at photography.
“When words become unclear, Then I shall focus with photographs. When images become inadequate, I shall be content with silence.” ― Ansel Adams
“For Sure, there will always be people who look only at technique, who will ask ‘how’, while others people of a more curious nature will be asking ‘why’. Personally, But for me I have always preferred the inspiration to information.” – Man Ray
“What I really like about photographs and images is that they capture a moment that is gone forever, which are impossible to reproduce.” ― Karl Lagerfeld
“I see something special and show it to the camera. The moment is held until someone sees it. Then it is theirs.” – Sam Abell
“When I was out and about or on trips I used to put Polaroid’s in a container with salty sea water, pebbles and sand. I would swirl the container all around to get scratches. It is this random element that it would create that I call ‘the drip’. It is the drips of sea water which might splash onto the other side of the canvas by randomness when you are working on a painting which will make you think ‘that is good’, which would possibly leading you to explore other things. Through my whole life is spent in search of the drips; which can change everything.” – David Bailey
“If the photographer has an interested for the people in front of his camera lens, and if he is compassionate, this already means a lot, because the instrument is not the camera but it is the photographer.” – Eve Arnold
“You can seen Beauty in all things, composing and seeing the beauty is what separates a snapshot from the photograph.” – Matt Hardy
You will often or not be able to see beauty in the world, until someone points it out or shows it to you. But as an example, take a look around you just now! – even without moving from where you are sitting in front of your computer. Are you able to see something in a new way? or in a different way to capture something common through a camera lens? Just take a look again…
Images or photographs are amazing. Through photographs, we can our preserve history, recalling the first steps we took on the moon, celebrities and legends caught in that! moment – Capture the beautiful or a landscape which is decaying, or capturing rare and endangered animals and the phenomenal world. – Our child’s first steps – Our mothers relentless decorating large scrapbooks just so they will protect their precious memories. Photographs which evoke essence of places that we haven’t been, or places we perhaps will not return to, or places we should never forget.
Photography is such a personal thing and we view things in different ways through our values, and in how we where brought up and how we look upon beauty, destruction, good, evil and how colors have personal impact etc…and then being armed with a camera tell our story and capture our values, a wonderful way to show others how we view our world through our eyes. One persons that I think captures truly beautiful and touching images with his eyes and camera is Steve McCurry, which I have added a video with below.
Images or photographs are created/captured through making choices, and great photographs get created/captured through making right choices. Right choices are the direct result of the knowledge that the photographer has gained, and great photographs/images are not strictly the result of owning the best or new fancy camera equipment. But anyone using most any camera can be able take an incredible photograph.
The future of Photography is stronger then ever, better then ever and whether you film for fun or you as a Photographer take it very serious, and in this stage of thing moving so fast we will still long for things and images to stop, be captured and framed. Therefore Still Life Photography will always be here in humane society. Throughout histories terrible disasters and great moments we will always remember ‘that moment’ through Still Photography, which can alter life in its penetrating delivery of a subject needing no words.
The camera is evolving even though it has stayed the same for over a hundred year as a box, film roll or now with sensor and lens. Now it has made life easier in viewing the image instantly through digital and therefore this era of photography is pushing the human eye and mind to be more inventive, leaping into a new chapter of Photography.
New technology and products are pushing media in better itself. The smart-phone with its inbuilt camera is pushing the compact camera, which is pushing the bridge-camera, mirror-less technology all the way up the chain etc… producing a healthy competition to better ourselves.
If you would like to learn all about whats on the market regarding cameras, from novice/beginner and amateur to pro cameras, equipment and helpful gadgets. Whats in store for the future, up and coming cameras and technology which will be changing photography. Find pages on camera review, help and information in our ‘Menu Bar’ on the right hand side.
If you would like to learn about highly sought after film equipment, from the legendary models to todays Pro Photographers cameras and future film equipment and technology. From the various camera makes such as Hasselblad, Rolleiflex, Fujifilm, Linhof, Mamiya etc..to the different models such as Rangefinders, Field Camers, Twin-lens-reflex, Single-lens-reflex, Panoramic etc…Visit our ‘Menu Bar’.
Have you ever thought of making money from photography, are you into Fine Art, Landscape, Fashion, Wedding, Social, Architectural Photography etc… We have added pages on important and useful information about putting up a business, and things you should be aware of to succeed in the highly competitive field of Photography.
There are many new cameras on the market with fantastic features, software and lenses… which get updated through the years and we will do our best selecting the cameras and gadgets worth writing about. The Camera is evolving and there is a fears competition in this industry, forcing competitors and manufactures to think outside the box and come up with more innovating ways for us to capture our subjects. The Digital Era has not yet matched itself up to the flawlessness, quality and uniqueness of film, but we are not far from it. The Modern Camera allows us to go further and explore the world with new eyes, pushing out boundaries of imagery, like the hot new gadget GoPro HERO5 showing what it is capable in the video below.
It easy to say it, but photography or filming should always be fun. It is great to have ones work published in the marketplace and it is nice to make money from it, but at the same time, you should always enjoy the process, it’s being in the moment finding and capturing your subject, to you finished your product or print.
Warning: mysql_query(): A link to the server could not be established in /home1/b1969/public_html/wp-content/plugins/comment-rating/comment-rating on line 219
Warning: mysql_query(): A link to the server could not be established in /home1/b1969/public_html/wp-content/plugins/comment-rating/comment-rating on line 226
Nicole – James we are blown away! Thank you so much for an amazing experience at the photo shoot and these great photos we’ll treasure forever. We can’t wait to see the rest!
A professional photographer who is making the change from traditional to digital photography can use the digital photography book to his best advantage. Wedding photography is considered the a large number of named different kinds of images. “Because the purpose of business is to create a customer, the business enterprise has two–and only two–basic functions: marketing and innovation.
Very good points you wrote here..Great stuff!! think you’ve made some truly interesting points. Keep up the good work.
Hi, of course this article is truly fastidious and I have learned lot of things from it about blogging.
This is really interesting, You’re a very skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and look forward to seeking more of your fantastic post. Also, I’ve shared your site in my social networks!
I photographed this abodarle baby girl when she was just a newborn about a year ago (have a look here). It’s hard to believe she is already one year old! This time for their family session.
Wow! This blog looks just like my old one! It’s on a completely different topic, but it has pretty much the same page layout and design. Great information about Photography, I have a feeling I will end up on your website again 🙂
Really know about Photography and cameras, your web blog will not to go unnoticed, doing a great job Thank you.
I’m satisfied, your personal capacity of producing great blogs on photography and your information is most helpful.
“It is great to have the opportunity to read a good quality article with useful information on topics that plenty are interested on. I concur with your conclusions and will eagerly look forward to your future updates. Thanks a lot and keep on posting more valuable information.”
Hai 🙂 great post about cameras and photography… totally loved it!! hope to get more post from you with similar level, because I like paying a visit to your website now and again.
Good information. Lucky me I ran across your website by accident (stumbleupon). I have saved as a favorite for later!
May I simply say what a relief to uncover an individual who truly knows what they are talking about over the internet. You certainly realize how to bring a problem to light and make it important. More people must read this and understand this side of your story. I was surprised that you aren’t more popular given that you definitely have the gift.
It’s really a nice and helpful piece of info. I am happy that you simply shared this helpful information with us. Please keep us up to date like this. Thanks for sharing.
And i’m glad studying your article. But want to statement on few normal things, The web site style is perfect, the articles is in reality nice : D. Excellent task, cheers
What’s up, I read your blog on a regular basis. Your humoristic style is awesome, keep up the good work!
make this web site yourself? Please reply back as I’m planning to create my own personal site and would like to learn where you got this from or what the theme is named. Many thanks!
I’m very happy to discover this website. I wanted to thank you for your time for this wonderful read!! I definitely liked every part of it and i also have you bookmarked to see new things on your blog.
That is really attention-grabbing, You’re an excessively skilled blogger. I have joined your feed and look ahead to looking for more of your great post. Additionally, I’ve shared
This can be the sort of substance that really must obtain around the planet acknowledgement pertaining to their craftsmanship.
It is as should you go via my thoughts! You appear to understand a great deal about it, just like you wrote the book inside also.
Extremely interesting post. This was a extremely absorbing blog post. I look forward to uncover more such soon.
What camera or brand that is best for great photography beginners? Price between $100-300. That is NOT a lot of money. Your choices are very limited, I really want to get into photography and I have being taking mediocre pictures for a few years now. My camera now is only 6 mega pixels. I have news for you. Good news: Better camera will NOT make you better images. Bad news: better photographer will take better images. Translation: You need to improve your photographic skills. News Flash: I use 6 MP digital cameras for weddings. The camera is NOT important as much as the photographer. At the moment i am only using the camera to learn angles. What kind of camera that you know of which is cheap enough for my budget, and good for beginners? Many of the Canons G series are excellent camera to experiment and learn. Some of the S series are also excellent. I’ve owned 3 G series and 1 S series. They are NOT cheap. So buy it used from eBay. I got mine (Canons S3) from eBay for $ 200 when it was going for $ 400 new) I also use Nikon DSLR. They are way more expensive than what you want to spend (even with the lens).
Hello M!Well first, you need to consider which type of film you will be using. Basically there are two types of films you could use, either the 120mm (a.k.a medium format film) or the regular 35mm film. This shouldn’t be a problem since medium format cameras such as Holga & Diana can be modified to take a 35 film, and to me that’s an advantage.I haven’t tried the supersampler yet. It looks mighty fun But I wouldn’t recommend it a lot since there isn’t much of modifications you can do to it unlike the Diana.As for the fish-eye camera, I would suggest getting a instead of the whole camera. This way you can have both a regular and a fish eye camera at the same time. Assuming that you live in Kuwait, keep in mind that medium format films aren’t very accessible here. As a matter of a fact, I only found one place that still sells 120s but they only had one kind film & unfortunately it was Fuji pro 160.Since you’re new to photography, I would suggest eheitr getting a or a with their (just in case you wanted to use a regular film) and get your film supply from .If you have any more questions, feel free to ask. I’d be glad to help a future fellow lomographer -Nada
Shooting hi-key with the 5d2, you need to relay nail your exposure or you might blow your highlights, looks like the Nikon is a bit more tolerant in this respect. I’d say that the Nikon does pretty well in the studio with its larger pixels, especially considering it’s designed to be a sports/action camera and not a studio beast. Also, the Nikon lens does not seem to flare when you shoot into a big light source like the picks above. That’s also an important point. About the Nikon lens: it’s good, but the rubber on the zoom dial starts to peel off. I don’t know if that’s a common issue with Nikon lenses that cost over a grand, or if previous renters have abused my rented lens.
“Does a DLSR really take better pictures that makes it worth the price?”Not really. Wedding photographers just like to carry them around instead of point and shoots because we have inferiority complexes 😉 But seriously, if you are in it to better your skills…and are willing to learn, rather than just use an automatic setting… bump up the equipment a notch. If you are iffy on the price, I’d (highly) suggest an older model Canon Rebel. Not the Xsi that just came out, but serach ebay for a canon rebel xt dslr (beware, there are also film version floating about, make sure it is the digital SLR).You’ll be able to TONS with it. The lenses will be the hard part. I’d suggest the 50mm f/1.8 for around $70 to go with it… even if it come with a kit lens (probably an 18-55mm ) . The things you will learn with a prime lens are priceless. That’s my two cents. Good luck.
For the protection and privacy of your respective Pornhub account, make sure to by no means enter your password on any site besides pornhub.com or pornhubpremium.com.
With passionate hues and fragile lace details, our sexy lingerie sets, gorgeous bras and seductive black lingerie could have you sensation incredible constantly.
Svakom Hedy Egg Masturbator - £7.ninety five - The Hedy is really an egg-formed male masturbator that is certainly produced from stretchy TPE. The masturbation help is meant to go above your penis although you masturbate, and its ribbed interior structure massages your member.
The licensing or closing of unlicensed sexual intercourse shops, as well as cultural changes such as the considerable peace of general censorship along with the All set availability of non-professional sexual intercourse, have decreased the crimson-mild district of Soho to only a little place.
will not be an official Pornhub web-site and may be risky. To your protection and privateness, this url is disabled.
Even so recently additional real looking luxurious like dolls have emerged, and grow to be very fashionable. These tend to be made from silicone, or lifestyle like components like TPE. They can be heavier and glance a great deal more sensible than blow up appreciate dolls.
Invest $seventeen or more on your own order (excluding delivery) and you'll be skilled to secure a absolutely free mystery DVD or intercourse toy with your purchase! You should definitely check the box at checkout to verify your free of charge reward!
Take care of on your own to boohoo’s tantalising array of women’s lingerie. With prices as eye-catching as the parts them selves, our females’ loungewear will retain you at ease and looking drop useless stunning.
We use cookies to improve your expertise. By making use of This web site you consent to our use of cookies. Learn more.
It features an incredibly realistic mouth having a tongue, some tonsils and also some pearly white teeth. It has been designed to give you the most realistic blow job feeling doable.
We use cookies as spelled out in our Cookie Detect. By checking out our site, you consent to our utilization of cookies.
In the nineteen eighties, nearly all American intercourse shops were being oriented to an Virtually solely male clientele.[citation required] Quite a few provided adult movie arcades, and almost all were made so that their consumers could not be viewed from the road: they lacked Home windows, and important site also the doors often included an L-shaped flip so that individuals on the street could not see in.[citation essential] Also, during the late 1980s and early nineteen nineties, stores that also had theaters or arcades were occasionally closed by authorities order, citing the spread of AIDS as the motive.[fifteen]
They are really incredibly simple to operate whilst fiddling with on your own. To put it simply your penis into the outlet after which make use of the intercourse toy the same as you would when jerking off.
Beautiful 3/2 in the Gardens of Hammock Bay. Offering vaulted ceilings, a split floor plan, a large kitchen and so much more. Hammock Bay has wonderful amenities such as jogging trails, swimming pools and playgrounds.
home team of america texas property people a home team of america company home team of america austin.
home team of america home team of america oval executive gold badge larger image home team of america.
home team of america realtor at home team of america like liked unlikereverse mortgage an options for baby boomers making mortgage payments during short sale home team of america q i lost my job in atlanta but i have been offered a position in another state i am currently working with a real estate company trying to sell our home.
home team of america home team of america search home team of ltd local real estate and homes for sale in new and home team of america alexander siskind home team of america austin.
home team of america home team of america is here for you were dedicated to delivering outstanding service and results home team of america petra richardson home team of america.
home team of america listing information is deemed reliable but is not guaranteed accurate all information is subject to change and should be independently verified home team of america realty san antonio tx.
home team of america we manage fully furnished resort rentals and residential homes interim corporate housing for medical professionals corporate executives home team of america realty san antonio tx.
home team of america cherokee high schools 14 member team of future business leaders of america recently brought home three home team of america houston.
home team of america earn money using mca motor team of america earn money from home along with home team of america realty san antonio.
home team of america home team of america home team of executive gold badge larger image home team of america home team of america logo.
home team of america 522 brightwood place san antonio tx 78209 presented by tom mckenna listed by home team of america ltd the home team of america.
home team of america 522 brightwood place san antonio tx 78209 presented by tom mckenna listed by home team of america ltd home team of america realty san antonio tx.
home team of america meticulously maintained move in ready this executive home is a pleasure to view 4710 sq ft per appraiser lovely executive custom home designed for no goals in los angeles.
home team of america appealing san antonio new coming soon at the bluff dominion by pict for home team of home team of america austin.
home team of america 115 dacus san antonio tx 78211 presented by maxi salinas listed by home team of america home team of america austin.
home team of america beautiful one story in oakwood estates gorgeous wood floors and ceramic tile throughout this home no carpeting enclosed patio that backs up to greenbelt home team of america eagle pass texas.
home team of america home team of america eagle pass brokered by home team of 3 eagle pass home team home team of america san antonio tx.
home team of america habitat for humanity of coastal fairfield county and bank of america volunteers work together to help home team of america realty san antonio tx.
home team of america q i lost my job in atlanta but i have been offered a position in another state i am currently working with a real estate company trying to sell our home home team of america san antonio tx alignable residential real estate.
In this video, I take a look at the CiT Dragon 3. Get one here http://amzn.to/2a8TzZ8 This is a very pretty budget gaming PC case, it has most features, SSD mounts, full ATX support, and room for a decently long graphics card. GET ONE HERE:
The GameMax Falcon is a budget ATX case for the gamer audience. Get One Here: http://amzn.to/2jm2BTi This is a really nice ATX gaming case, that I would happily use for a build of any caliber. It will support custom water cooling loops, and would look great in the process.
In this video, I teach my friend, Kevin, how to build a computer. As far as I can tell, he enjoyed building it, and finally realized that it really is easier than people make it out to be. I know he's not the best on camera, but it's the first time he's been in a YouTube video, so he's allowed to be somewhat awkward or nervous. Parts: CiT Goblin Asus GTX 550Ti AMD Athlon 5350 Arctic Alpine M1 AM1 CPU cooler MSI AM1 Itx motherboard Music by StoneOcean
In this video, I take a look at the ALBA SR-30. This is a cheap, yet effective soundbar. Get one here: http://amzn.to/2gKCUOG
Unboxing and overview of the CiT F3 M-ATX Gaming PC case. Get one HERE!: http://amzn.to/28YEiao This case is, like I said in the video, "meh". But, if needs be, you could do a nice build in it.
For Irish YouTubers, turning 18 is a big milestone. It means you can legally drink. My Affiliate Links: Camera: http://amzn.to/2sdCWVn
In this video, I will be unboxing the Aerocool Integrator 600 watt power supply. This is an 80 Plus Bronze psu, and is priced around most 400-450w power supplies. ► Previous Video ► https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltiQL0maQ7s Welcome! On my channel you'll see everything Tech related. computer builds, part reviews, Phones, Phone covers, and even Televisions. I make video's just to share my thoughs along with interests. I a variety of Tech from Computers, to Gaming an everything in between. Hope you enjoy what you see!
In this video, I take a look at the CiT Lightspeed. This is a Micro-ATX budget gaming PC case, with the LED's to add +500 brake horse power..... It's cheap, but damn, is it nice. Get one here: http://amzn.to/2f8HEIP
This gaming mouse is the perfect option if you want to performance and quality of a flagship brand mouse, on a budget. Use My Affiliate link to get one HERE: UK: http://amzn.to/2w5ATmN US: http://amzn.to/2xzkSDi
The Corsair Carbide Spec-01 Mid Tower Gaming case, is great for the price. It has toolless drive cages, and 5 1/4" bays, giving you ease when building. And of course, that giant side panel window is always nice to see.
This is my unboxing of the Antec VSK_4000E Mid-Towre PC Case. For the simplicity of this case, it is surprisingly nice. This case will be used in an up and coming build. You will be able to find that build here or on my website http://www.samstechtips.com/
The ThermalTake Versa H15 is a pretty nice PC case, especially for the new builder; it's cheap, looks good, and supports a M-ATX motherboard that alot of people start off using. Get one here: http://amzn.to/28JkISa
In this video, I build a PC in the CiT F3 M-ATX gaming PC case. I have to say, it is a decent little case, and matched this PC perfectly.
This motherboard and APU combo is perfect if you are building your first gaming PC, and/or you just don't have much to spend. The motherboard is the right size to fit in pretty much any case on the market, and the APU will bring great bang for buck performance.
The CiT Goblin seems to a great budget PC case, it's stylish, practical, and can hold enough hard drives, even for the top content creators. Click the link below to buy from Amazon http://goo.gl/AgfEHa This case will be used in a PC build on this channel in a week or so. Make sure you subscribe so you don't miss it.
Aerocool make some great 80Plus Bronze power supplies for a low price, and this is another perfect example. I have use the Integrator 600w before and was more than happy with it, meaning I have high hopes for this one.
This is a review of the LS-5200 by Aerocool. Get One Here: Ad- UK http://amzn.to/2o9jaYf Ad- USA http://amzn.to/2nwJ0mf This case offers extensive water cooling support at an extremely competitive price point, possibly my #1 Choice for a budget custom water cooled gaming PC
This is a build I help a friend of mine do. This PC is probably one of the best things that has happened to my channel, so any thanks have to go to him. TOTAL COST: Aprox €6000 SPECS: Intel Core i7 6700k Zotac GTX 1080 (FE) ASUS Z170 Deluxe 16GB (4x4) Corsair Dominator DDR4 3000Mhz EK Evo CPU block 2x Bitzpower Z-Tank Multi 400 Monsoon PETG rigid tubing
This gaming PC case has a full tempered glass side panel and 4 RGB, incredibly silent fans, all for an incredible price point. You can use my affiliate link to get one HERE: http://amzn.to/2wvlDRs
I find out whether you can buy a full PC off of Amazon just from Warehouse Deals, and if so, then is it actually cost effective??? See Amazon Warehouse Deals, UK http://amzn.to/2lBHvlA or Amazon USA http://amzn.to/2kTDLvT
The GameMax Moonstone is a Tempered Glass PC Case marketed right at the budget enthusiast, it has class, but also gives you all the LED's any one human could willingly absorb. GameMax Website: http://www.gamemaxpc.com/index.php?lang=en Get one HERE: My affiliate link below: http://amzn.to/2xZSEXh
This is an Unboxing and Review of the VKWorld VK700 smartphone. This 5.5" budget Smartphone, doesn't seem so... "Budget". We buy most of our phones from Geekbuying, click this link to find out more .. http://goo.gl/MjG3MW
In this video, I take a look at the GameMax Volcano. One thing I have to say about this case is.... WOW, its a nice case Get it Here http://amzn.to/2l8zZxc For it's price, it is one hell of a feature packed case.
The Acer Predator range, be it laptops, monitors, or desktops, is up there with the best of the best, and the x34 Gaming monitor is arguably the best Ultrawide Gaming monitor on the market. Get one here: My affiliate link below: http://amzn.to/2yWItP1
The CiT GeForce has been on the market for a good few years now, but I am sad that I didn't get to it sooner, it is a very nice case that looks very nice and aggressive. www.0n9.com 10% sitewide discount code: EIPC-M 22& off Windows 10 Pro https://bit.ly/2KMdSNR EIPC-W
This CiT Prism gaming PC case has some very nice features, especially for it's competitive price point. Get One Here: Ad - http://amzn.to/2nLfTO6
In this video I am going to build my father what is probably his nicest computer to date. Parts: Gamemax Gamboge Ryzen 3 1200 ASRock A320M-HDV Gigabyte GTX 560Ti 4Gb Crucial Ballistix Corsair VS550
This AM3+ motherboard is great for €/$60, it has some features, like on-board graphics, that some €/$90 motherboards don't have. ► Previous Video ► https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sdoRtopYjQ0 Welcome! On my channel you'll see everything Tech related. computer builds, part reviews, Phones, Phone covers, and even Televisions. I make video's just to share my thoughs along with interests. I a variety of Tech from Computers, to Gaming an everything in between. Hope you enjoy what you see!
The LeEco X626 is an incredible bargain for the $150 price tag. Overall, it feels sturdy and high quality. GET ONE HERE: my affiliate link below: http://amzn.to/2By5QDy
For example in Pubg, the gameplay is sort of slow in comparison to its two concurrents, therefore if the looting process is adaptive he needs to be also slow to be prosperous. A game like PUBG ought to be handled with care. With esports like League of Legends, you will not ever miss an essential play by your favourite player. For competitive play its important to draw players in with more than simply bragging rights. Therefore, merely a mid-range smartphone that players may have the game perfectly. Finding matches Its so simple to obtain a match. What a very good match resembles A fantastic match is dependent on your definition of good. Losing a match in the very first couple minutes isnt so bad once youre in a position to rapidly hop into another. Ultimately, both teams can be happy with the trade. My team and I can truly feel the growth to initiate a new battle immediately. You will end up dying frequently early on, but nevertheless, it is sometimes a rewarding and entertaining experience when the curve is overcome. Being one is a rather strange experience. You quit running and attempt to catch some breath. Breath of the Wilds wide-open concept provides the player a true sense of embarking on their very own adventure. There are several mixed feeling on the idea due to numerous bugs and problems in the game itself. You might encounter trouble early on and need to hunker down, or so the game becomes a rescue mission. Over all it is nothing but a lousy situation for those developers, players, and viewers. Yes, it is an ideal evolution for the collection. The games concept is quite straightforward, choose where to drop on earth, locate a weapon, attempt to survive for as long as possible, and in the long run youre going to be greeted by means of a Winner winner, Chicken Dinner! Nearly each aspect of gameplay was tweaked. Getting the Best Pubg Best Guns
Welcome to Hope County, Montana, land of the free and the brave but also home to a fanatical doomsday cult known as Eden’s Gate. Stand up to cult leader Joseph Seed, and his siblings, the Heralds, to spark the fires of resistance and liberate the besieged community.
PRIME WEST END OF GLASGOW OFF LICENCE INVESTMENT Lease 11/10/2002 until 10 October 2027 (over 9 years remaining) Tenant Private Individual been in place for over 15 years ***LET £8,600 P/A (LOW RENT MARKET RENTAL £14-15,000 P/A WITH 11/10 2018 Rent Review upcoming) Corner Shop Units with extensive return frontage close to BYRES ROAD (2 units being sold as 1 lot)
***VAT FREE PROPERTY*** Long lease until 2027 rent reviews 11/10/2018 and 11/10/2024 low rental at £8600 p.a with growth towards £15,000 p.a expected. The property is located on the corner of the junction of Garrioch Road and Stratford Street in the NORTH KELVINSIDE area of Glasgow close to BYRES ROAD, GLASGOW UNIVERSITY, GREAT WESTERN ROAD and M8 Motorway access.
Corner unit with extensive return frontage occupying a prominent corner position comprising 2 units being sold as 1 lot with main trading retail area and back storage area with kitchen wc and further storage facilities. Internally well fitted out for off-licence use measuring circa 770 square feet. Within an attractive traditional refurbished tenement building.
- Existing tenant in place with lease agreement to be assigned to the new purchaser at the time of completion.
PRIME WEST END OF GLASGOW VAT FREE OFF LICENCE INVESTMENT Lease 11/10/2002 until 10 October 2027 (over 9 years remaining) Tenant Private Individual been in place for over 15 years ***LET £8,600 P/A (LOW RENT MARKET RENTAL £14-15,000 P/A WITH 11/10 2018 Rent Review upcoming) Corner Shop Units with extensive return frontage close to BYRES ROAD (2 units being sold as 1 lot) ***VAT FREE PROPERTY*** Long lease until 2027 rent reviews 11/10/2018 and 11/10/2024 low rental at £8600 p.a with growth towards £15,000 p.a expected. The property is located on the corner of the junction of Garrioch Road and Stratford Street in the NORTH KELVINSIDE area of Glasgow close to BYRES ROAD, GLASGOW UNIVERSITY, GREAT WESTERN ROAD and M8 Motorway access. 3 miles north-west of Glasgow city centre. A Tesco Extra is located to the north of the property and is within a short walking distance. ***IDEAL COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT PROPERTY*** 15,000 population within 5 minutes within a densely populated student area / professionals also. BENFIT OF A WELL ESTABLISHED OFF LICENCE BEEN IN PLACE MANY YEARS. Benefit of qualifying for 100% rates relief as RV LESS THAN 15K P.A. Corner unit with extensive return frontage occupying a prominent corner position comprising 2 units being sold as 1 lot with main trading retail area and back storage area with kitchen wc and further storage facilities. Internally well fitted out for off-licence use measuring circa 770 square feet. Within an attractive traditional refurbished tenement building.Corner unit with extensive return frontage occupying a prominent corner position comprising 2 units being sold as 1 lot with main trading retail area and back storage area with kitchen wc and further storage facilities. Internally well fitted out for off-licence use measuring circa 770 square feet. Within an attractive traditional refurbished tenement building.
Auction Guide Prices are displayed as an indication of each seller's approximate sale expectation. They are not necessarily figures which a property will sell for and may change at any time prior to the auction. Each property will be offered subject to a Reserve (a figure below which the Auctioneer cannot sell the property during the auction) which we expect will be set no more than 10% above or below the advertised guide price.
You may submit an offer now on this property for the owner to consider. If they are will are willing to sell you the property now then it is a matter of making the required deposit payment to secure the purchase. Complete our ONLINE OFFER FORM now to put your offer forward to the sellers.
Super west end location off Maryhill Road close to BYRES ROAD and GREAT WESTERN ROAD. The property is located on the corner of the junction of Garrioch Road and Stratford Street in the NORTH KELVINSIDE area of Glasgow close to BYRES ROAD, GLASGOW UNIVERSITY, GREAT WESTERN ROAD and M8 Motorway access. 3 miles north-west of Glasgow city centre. A Tesco Extra is located to the north of the property and is within a short walking distance. Long term likely to benefit from growth as near university and within 7 minutes of Glasgow City Centre. LIKELY TO HAVE SIGNIFICANT RENTAL GROWTH AS RENT HAS REMAINED THE SAME FOR MANY YEARS AND UPCOMING UPWARDS ONLY RENT REVIEW AT 11/10/2018.
This property may be open for internal viewings at specified times which will be listed on this page when available. You do not need to register to attend these viewings, you can simply turn up as the property will be open during the scheduled times. Our viewing agent will be present to answer any of your questions and provide auction catalogues to viewers.
You may view this property externally at any time. Please make sure that if the property is occupied or tenanted that you respect the privacy of the occupants. Additionally we advise that you print a copy of this schedule and take it with you in case of any neighbours questioning you at the property as to your intentions.
You will need to be at the auction prior to the 7.00pm start time in order to register & make your way to the auction room. Bidding registration opens from 6:00pm. You will be required to present Photo ID and provide your contact and solicitor details in order to register.
All legal packs will be available for inspection at our offices on the day of the auction and at the auction hall from 6:00pm.
If you are a successful purchaser of a lot then a deposit of 10% (minimum £3,000 or lower if specified) will be required. The deposit is accepted by the following methods:
Switch, Debit Card, Credit Card, Cash or Bankers Draft accepted only. Next Day Bank Transfer by prior arrangement only.
You may submit an offer now on any of our live properties for the sellers to consider. If they are will are willing to sell you the property now then it is a matter of making the 10% deposit payment to secure the purchase. Complete our ONLINE OFFER FORM now to put your offer forward to the sellers.
Easily the best method is to attend the auction in person. The Glasgow Radisson is conveniently located in the Glasgow City Centre, a short walk from the Central Train Station and easily accessed from the M8 Motorway. The Edinburgh Marriott Hotel is conveniently located just minutes from Edinburgh Airport and the city centre.
If you cant make the auction in person you can still make a live bid by telephone for this property. You will give instruction live over the phone with one of our staff in the room who will bid on your behalf and relay activity in the auction room. To register simply print off, complete and return the below form by email prior to 5pm of the auction day...
This is another option if you cannot make the auction in person. A Proxy bid is where you will leave your highest maximum bid for the property and the auctioneer will bid on your behalf. You will only ever bid one increment higher than the previous bidder. Proxy bidding rules out any potential issues with telephone reception or nerves regarding bidding in person or by telephone. To register simply print off, complete and return the below form by email prior to 5pm of the auction day...
It seems like every month there is a new state regulation or internal business decision that requires a higher level of performance for buildings and their related infrastructure. From Life Cycle Cost Analysis (LCCA), to beating the CA Energy Code we are all faced with the reality that faster, better, cheaper, and more efficient is becoming an extremely difficult equation. Most medium to large organizations are also plagued with differed maintenance protocols, legacy software, and a dwindling or rigid workforce environment. The industry will need to adapt, reinvent, and do more with less to survive this new regulatory environment. The solution to this need is widely accepted as a software solution, but there is still a lot of work to be done. Organizations will not only need to change their informational workflows, they will also need intuitive software solutions that bridge the gaps between capital planning, construction/record drawings, facilities work order management, and asset management systems. The question is no longer “Why BIM?”, but what Level of Development (LOD), layers, and informational resources are we looking for from the design team and contractors. Even for folks not actively using these added features today, dollars to dimes they are using a system that will accept some form of layered export from BIM.
BIM technologies are already proven and effective for conceptual planning, designing, and coordinating all types of building and infrastructure projects. Many advanced features in BIM are currently available and/or are already being used by savvy owners and industry partners today, but their availability is often unknown to newcomers. Whether you are a contractor or an owner, imagine that the BIM deliverable might be one of the most important preplanning/preconstruction discussions you have. These models no longer need to be shelved in cyberspace at the end of the project or sadly flattened into mylars, but instead can be housed in complete form and layered to be compatible with other software systems. Each layer in the model should be specified in advance to integrate with asset management, work order management, and financial systems. It would be folly to assume that your building technicians, planners, or financial employees are going to update a BIM model every time they perform filter maintenance, change a room number, or update the debt model linked to a building or system, but there is no reason that today’s software cannot do it for them. In fact, it is fair to assume that soon we will be embedding training manuals, warranty info, and part catalog access right into the models as an expected industry standard of care.
First and foremost, for anything discussed previously in this article to hold any water at all, project stakeholders and owners alike need to commit to the long-term value associated with BIM. It is much easier to get BIM buy-in when the stakeholders understand that it can improve a building’s operations and maintenance over its lifetime, i.e. accessing critical systems information and assessing building performance. Early on teams need to have a collective understanding of building performance requirements. Once 3D models are created, the team has a great starting point for evaluating and enhancing a building’s economical and environmental performance in a virtual environment and starting the discussions about 4D and 5D desirability. Building operational performance factors include equipment operational cost, environmental record cost, and safety record cost. Building maintenance performance factors include preventative maintenance, work orders or service calls, diagnostic maintenance costs (HVAC, envelope diagnostic, lighting control system), and emergency maintenance costs.
Sustainable design and green building is advanced with building information modeling BIM. When teams collaboratively seek sustainable design alternatives, BIM can help to capture the features and performance benefits of each component. Stakeholders can compare and contrast design alternatives balancing resource efficiency with project cost. In real time, owners are able to see the affects of sustainable design alternatives via virtual walkthrough.
When building materials become a BIM factor, project stakeholders can create plans that significantly reduce construction waste and streamline materials procurement. Stakeholders are able to compare materials aimed to reduce a building’s environmental impact throughout its lifetime. While BIM helps to reduce waste on all projects, it is particularly helpful for large campus projects that produce significant levels of waste if not well managed.
Building information project models allow stakeholders to visualize the characteristics and functionality in environments that can be manipulated. Performance metrics for energy load, indoor environmental quality, and water usage can be accessed with any combination of design elements and building materials. As models evolve with new design alternatives, a real time performance can be easily provided.
Energy: The complexity of energy analysis has relegated the process to an infrequent exercise used primarily for load sizing. Without this crucial information, sustainable design efforts and decisions clearly suffer. However, BIM can integrate building models with energy analysis tools for accurate, routine evaluation based on geometrically correct thermal models, local building code requirements, and DoE models. Energy usage performance factors include Lighting, HVAC, People Movers Energy [Elevators, Escalators], Cooking, Dishwasher, Plug Load, Data Center, Outdoor, Landscape, Emergency, Other Energy, and the Building Load Factor. Energy production factors may include Thermal Energy, Solar PV Energy, and Wind Energy.
Indoor Environmental Quality (IEQ): Typically, their top concern is managing thermal comfort. Managers also must manage the quality of the indoor environment — humidity, lighting, sound, etc. — as well as the quality of services provided, building operating costs, energy use, water use, recycling, and waste reduction. Factors that impact indoor environmental quality include Thermal Comfort, Lighting, Air Quality, Acoustics, Maintenance, Functionality, Safety and Security, and Privacy.
Water Usage: BIM helps to quantify the amount of water used in a building by calculating the number of fixtures (sinks, toilets, etc.) and their related water usage. This also helps us measure the potential for greywater reuse, which is highly beneficial for reducing demand on local water supplies. The amount of water available for harvesting can be calculated using BIM, based on the site, harvesting system, and the size of building. Factors that impact water usage performance include Indoor Potable Water Use, Indoor Potable Water Cost, Indoor Non-potable Water Use, Indoor Non-potable Water Cost, Outdoor Potable Water Use, Outdoor Non-potable Water Use, Process Water Use, Process Water Cost, Non-potable Water Collection, On-site Collected Non-potable Water Treatment Cost, Indoor Wastewater Production, Indoor Wastewater Cost, Outdoor Wastewater Production, and Outdoor Wastewater Cost.
For example: Sustainable sites pre-requisite may ask for a storm water prevention plan on the project. The plan may require to drastically reduce storm water. This can be achieve in many different ways such as using large detention areas or underground percolated tanks that will collect runoff from hardscape and building roofing systems.
As collaborative software and cloud computing continues to be the norm, communication between building systems is becoming much easier. Managers using BIM to integrate operations are ahead of the game. Those who are not should keep an eye on the developments in BIM and related technologies. It is worth the time and effort.
Sujet: Re: I am the hunter you are the prey, tonight I’m gonna eat you up. [délai 22/11] Mer 18 Nov - 23:14
Medical Clinic. Health & Beauty. Optician. Pharmacy. Physician. Travel Agency. Hotel reservation. Real Estate. Restaurant... Educational website. Tests, quizzes, exams. Shopping Center. Store.
Music is my companion for life, my indicator of mood, my best adviser, and my own little world. I would never call music a hobby, as I cannot imagine my life without my favorite music. There is a playlist for when I am sad, for when I am happy, for when I am thoughtful, excited, angry, adventurous, or sleepy. What would life be without music?
The world would be a very quiet place. Music is in many ways the fabric of our lives and the definition of society. It is a reminder of how things once were, an indication of how things are, and a view of where society is headed. Music is a direct reflection of the picture of society. Music is life. Without music, the world would be silent and dreary. Music enfolds you in a blanket of comfort, giving you inspiration in moments of loneliness and sorrow.
According to him without music, life would be a mistake. Music is the only way to connect mind, body, and soul with the threads of harmony and sensations. A person finds himself with the help of music. Music has the ability to transport me back in time just like a time machine.
It lets me revisit lost and forgotten moments in life. Songs can paint a picture, for example in classical and country music where a story is being told. The music in classical music tells a story without lyrics which is an immensely powerful thing. Sample essay on importance of music tells how different tunes impact our lives. Scan the sample essay on the importance of music and extract key facts for your paper.
Music is an unavoidable ingredient in everyone's life. Whether its music we play by personal choice or music we hear in supermarkets or a retail store. Society will hear music. What comes along with the music and markets the music is what will affect the listener.
These include the casualties of The German philosopher, Friedrich Nietzsche, put it simply, " Life without music would be a mistake. " Music is the universal language, uniting humanity and destroying the boundaries, between all kinds of people at times even lessening disabilities.
Its not the same, and might get the name of just plain music without the true meaning behind it. Music means courage, hard work, and many others also. Us musicians work hard to get that right rhythm, or hit that high note that no one could ever get.
Music is a powerful form of expression that can be used for many purposes. Music is beyond words. It touches my heart deeply and I really feel what the lyrics or the beat has to say. I cant imagine a day without listening to music; it is a big part of my life. It helps me calm down when Im angry.
This Associate in Applied Science (A.A.S.) degree is a two-year program that prepares students for the workforce. However, there are some senior institutions where all or part of this degree is accepted as the first two years of a four-year program. Students interested in pursuing a four-year degree should consult an advisor.
Curriculum in the Mobile Equipment Maintenance and Repair pathway prepare individuals for employment as entry-level transportation service technicians. The program provides an introduction to transportation industry careers and increases student awareness of the diverse technologies associated with this dynamic and challenging field.
Course work may include transportation systems theory, braking systems, climate control, design parameters, drive trains, electrical/electronic systems, engine repair, engine performance, environmental regulations, materials, product finish safety, steering/suspension, transmission/transaxles, and sustainable transportation, depending on the program major area chosen.
Graduates of this pathway should be prepared to take professional licensure exams, which correspond to certain programs of study, and to enter careers as entry-level technicians in the transportation industry.
Automotive Systems Technology: A program that prepares individuals to apply technical knowledge and skills to repair, service, and maintain all types of automobiles. Includes instruction in brake systems, electrical systems, engine performance, engine repair, suspension and steering, automatic and manual transmissions and drive trains, and heating and air condition systems.
Demonstrate a thorough knowledge of automotive systems technology through formative, summative, and performance assessments.
Demonstrate automotive knowledge that is current, complete, and applicable to today's industry standards.
The Automotive Systems Technology program is nationally accredited by National Technician Education Foundation (NATEF).
All catalogs © 2018 Gaston College. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
The new Vaetrix® Gauge 3® Pressure indicator from Taylor Valve Technology, Inc. is the industry's first portable precision electronic pressure and temperature gauge specifically designed for superior performance under tough field service conditions. From its reliable microprocessor-based technology, to its rugged, lightweight case, the easy-to-handle Gauge 3 sets a new standard for performance Pressure accuracy of 0.05% and highly-accurate measurement of temperature conditions in the field are a plus.
Thanks to the Gauge 3's straightforward design and commonsense display, even operators with little or no field operating experience achieve remarkable results the first time out. In fact, this pressure indicator is so well designed, it actually helps build operator confidence and ensure reliable testing results by eliminating the sources of many common operator errors. As a result, even first-time users can acquire and log sophisticated readings such as static and barometric pressure data with extreme accuracy.
Powered by two standard 9 volt batteries, the Gauge 3 is designed to deliver up to 250 hours of continuous, uninterrupted service Thanks to its unique combination of low power consumption and high memory capacity in excess of 1600 data points, the Gauge 3 is ideal for long-duration testing and logging of pressure and temperature conditions in field applications.
Optional test and performance package (TAPP®) software developed exclusively for use with the Gauge 3 extends the instrument's capabilities to enable flexible, menu-driven operations including:
Designed especially to deliver superior performance under tough working conditions, the Gauge 3 combines reliable microprocessor-based technology with rugged design to bring portable, precision electronic pressure and temperature measurement performance to field testing. This means Gauge 3 operators can count on benefiting from features including:
The Gauge 3 interface provides selectable options during field operations conducted without the benefit of a computer. The operator can also custom-program data intervals from 1 second to 15 minutes, using up to 8 different time intervals and sampling rates for each test. (Operator can alter all sampling parameters at the time of testing)
The state-of-the-art electronics and software inside the Gauge 3 are every bit as advanced as the lightweight and functional package they are housed within. For example, its built-in calibration and diagnostic programs make the Gauge 3 the most reliable instrument of its type in service today.
The Gauge 3's high-resolution (0.01ºF.); adjustable platinum RTD temperature probe is designed for mounting at the test site in any standard 2 to 12 inch deep thermowell.
Documentation and software updates for operation and maintenance are available 24- hours-a-day via the Internet. Internet service is also available for return for recalibration, certification and repair of the instrument to maintain NIST certification and traceability.
Calibration to warm-up is 1 minute, after which instrument is fully functional and readings are completely accurate.
Display flashes on/off from 0 - 20% of full scale (Readings below 20% of full scale will be outside of the instruments recommended accuracy range.)
Girard’s Special Low Profile "Weld-In" (LW) Series DOT 407 Vent combines an ultra-low profile, light weight design with high flow rates to meet the most demanding needs of virtually any tank. See the table below for specific flow rates. The LW Vent welds directly to your manlid, thus avoiding expensive hot-work to the shell of your tank, and is low enough to be "retro-fitted" to most any tank, without having to alter the overturn protection.
The Taylor Valve Gauge Plug and Probe system has been a standard in the oil field since 1959. In fact, Taylor Valve Gauge Plugs are used throughout the world for a variety of applications.
The small area of the stainless needle means that only a 6 lb. push per 1000 psi in the system is required to force the probe into the Gauge Plug and open the valve.
Lock-On-Probes are recommended where the pressure or sample device is to be mounted onto the Gauge Plug or where the pressure on the Gauge Plug exceeds 5000 psi.
Troubleshoot complicated hydraulic or pneumatic circuits during operation without breaking pressure in lines.
Eliminates excessive wear on expensive, delicate gauges due to harsh environments, vibration, pressure pulsation or mechanical shock.
South Plains College does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, national origin, sex, disability or age in its programs and activities. The following person has been designated to handle inquiries regarding the non-discrimination policies: Vice President for Student Affairs, South Plains College 1401 College Avenue, Box 5, Levelland, TX 79336, 806-894-9611
(1:0:5) This course is a basic, intermediate or advanced type of health professions work-based instruction that helps students synthesize new knowledge, apply previous knowledge, or gain experience managing the work flow. Practical experience is simultaneously related to theory. Close and/or direct supervision is provided by the clinical professional (faculty or preceptor), generally in a clinical setting. Clinical education is an unpaid learning experience. Semester Hours: 1 Lecture Hours: 0 Lab Hours: 5 Note: This is an intermediate clinical experience.
All catalogs © 2018 South Plains College. Powered by the Acalog™ Academic Catalog Management System™ (ACMS™).
The ETHOS Center is founded on the belief that engineers are more apt and capable of serving our world appropriately when they have experienced opportunities that increase their understanding of technology's global linkage with values, culture, society, politics and economy. ETHOS seeks to provide these opportunities through international and domestic service internships as well as through collaborative research and hands-on classroom projects that support the development of appropriate technologies for the developing world.
Such experiences expose students to alternative nontraditional technologies that are based on fundamental science and engineering principles and at the same time provide tangible and immediate impacts improving the lives of those who use them. ETHOS maintains as its educational objective to challenge students to think creatively and independently, to work as a team and communicate effectively, and to address issues of appropriate technology, environmental ethics, and social responsibility, social and economic justice.
im 5ft1 slim,blonde,blue eyed active person, a skilled worker, loves life. likes to spend as much time as possiable outdorrs||FAMILY
holly and i went to school at lyman high she grew up in yonkers ny i have been looking for her now for 10 years she has a sister named heather and a mom that lived in coco beach fl at one time
Has a glass eye due to a childhood accident. Has been missing for 5 years. Family is very worried and would like to know if he is a live and well. He is not in any trouble and left on his own will. Mom asked if he would please call home her number is still the same. Mom would like to know if he needs anything and wants him to call her very much. Goldie,Patrice,Mark,Blake (We all love you)
I visited in 2001-2003 . . . Hung out at the Admiral Seymour Looking for Gary Rodgers, Sweet guy, 4 kids, from Garfield Road - Sorry we lost touch, life is good, Let`s contact one another! ||LOOK
In an attempt to finally get a handle on our long-delayed Archive updates, I have devised this shortcut.
It isn't as elegant as having all the stories individually linked on a single page, but it is an acceptable way
Unique way for professional investors to select asset managers for mandates and search funds. Check how you can benefit from this innovative platform.
Here is a collection of talks given by Archbishop Sheen. They are viewable on YouTube. This list of themes are very appropriate to people of our day. Please take time to relax and enjoy watching them. The Grace of God will inspire all of good-will to live a more virtuous life. Enjoy!
Messages to Maria Magdolna – 1 July to 17 July 2018 | Amor Dei ' Messages to Maria Magdolna – 1 July to 17 July 2018 – Amor Dei
I can guarantee if I saw Kim & Liam across a mall, not knowing who they were..they would display all the characteristics of a couple who are meant to be with one another! I don’t think I have to put into words their love for one another…just view the photos…they tell the story of true passion, friendship and love!
Kim and I are both Wedding Photographers in our first year of business. Kim is based in Dunedin and I, Christchurch. Kim is engaged to be married to the man of her dreams in January 2011, and I, April. Kim shoots with Nikon, I shoot with Canon. She has brown hair, I have blonde. lol. Ok so we do have our differences.
Just by pure chance did the photography fairies drop this amazing, fun and super talented photographer in front of me. We became friends instantly.
So we decided this weekend just been to meet between our two homes in Timaru and do an engagement shoot swap. I had no idea how it was going to work, we were both quite nervous shooting a fellow photographer… the question was “who would go first?” we actually flipped a coin. After the first couple of shoots, we were well in our element, completely comfortable with each other and were fighting to be behind the camera! It was A LOT of fun! And even the boys got in on the action behind the lens too!
So I introduce to you our new friends, Kimberley Cheyne and Liam Hutton of Kimberley Cheyne Photography.
http://www.heatheranddoug.com/photos/2018/09/heather-doug-records-logo.png 0 0 Heather http://www.heatheranddoug.com/photos/2018/09/heather-doug-records-logo.png Heather2010-11-17 13:43:562011-03-15 11:30:01Engaged: Kim & Liam Part 1
Further to my previous correspondence I can now provide you with an update on the building programme. You will recall that a planning enquiry has been called due to objections from the Health and Safety Executive. Much to our dismay the planning enquiry has once again been postponed; I will let you know as soon as I receive further information regarding a new date and I am meeting with an Education Funding Agency (EFA) official shortly. I think it would be appropriate at this time to thank Derek Twigg, MP for his unwavering support of The Heath School and his understanding of the position with which we are faced . I am sure that you will share my disappointment in this news and I would like to assure you that everything will be done to assist in a successful outcome of the enquiry.
Thank you for your support in ensuring that students attend in full school uniform. One thing that defines Heath students from those in other schools is the high standard of their uniform. Please continue to ensure that your child attends school in the correct uniform, particularly during the summer months as the weather becomes warmer. If you have any concerns regarding uniform please do not hesitate to contact the Progress Coordinator for your child’s year group. We fully understand that we are currently in difficult financial times and we will endeavour to work with you to find a suitable solution. I would like to take this
opportunity to remind you of The Heath’s standards on acceptable footwear for students. Recently there has been an increase in the number of boys arriving at school in inappropriate shoes. A number of outlets have advertised footwear within the school shoe sections that are a cross between a trainer and a shoe. These shoes are not allowed and all shoes for boys should be plain black leather or leather effect with no coloured logo or patterns on them. This includes sections on the shoe that are quilted or have metal additions to them. Please see the school website for examples of shoes that are acceptable and unacceptable.
There is a busy time ahead for students in the next half term and it is an important time for Year 11 and 12 students who will be completing their external examinations. Details of the examinations can be found on our website. Year 9 Academic Review Day is on 22nd June followed by Year 10 Academic Review Day on 23’d June. Activity Day for students takes place this year on Monday, 13th July; letters have already been sent home and places are on a first come first serve basis so please ensure deposits are paid as early as possible. The Year 11 Prom will take place on 3rd July; full details have already been sent home. We will also be holding a Year 7 and 8 summer BBQ on 9th July and further information will follow in a separate letter to Year 7 and 8 parents. Awards Evening for Years 7 and 8 will take place on 14th July with Years 9 and 10 celebrating their Awards Evening on 15th July.
My final Principal’s Surgery will take place on 9th July; if you wish to make an appointment please email my PA Marie Wadsworth mwadsworth@heathschool.org.uk or call her on the school number.
The Heath is a highly successful 11-18 comprehensive school with almost 1,100 students on roll, supported by outstanding teaching and support staff, which results in true personalisation of learning and greater outcomes for all students. Read More about “Welcome from The Principal – Mr J Jardine”…
The Heath School Clifton Road Runcorn WA7 4SY tel: 01928 576664 fax: 01928 568703 Named contacts Ms M Wadsworth Principal's PA mwadsworth@heathschool.org.uk and Mrs G Collins Office Manager gcollins@heathschool.org.uk
In the event of severe weather or unexpected school closure updates will be available via the school website and Twitter feed and also the local radio stations.
If, as a parent of a student attending this school, you require a paper copy of the information on this website, we shall provide this free of charge
News Archive Select Month October 2018 September 2018 August 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 March 2018 February 2018 January 2018 December 2017 November 2017 October 2017 September 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 May 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012
Do you need to hire a meeting space or sports facilities? Check out our lettings information by following this link.
I have enjoyed my time at The Heath so far. All the staff are lovely and kind. I have really enjoyed making lots of new friends. All the opportunities we have are amazing. I have made lots of memories. This school is like a family. Student 8EVTR
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is that all the teachers care and push you to do your best so you do well in life and later in school. Also if you have an issue it is always sorted out by either your form tutor or caring teachers. Student 8BGB
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is the amount of respect that you get from the teachers and the positive atmosphere in the classroom. Student 8TGR
The best thing about being a student at The Heath School is that come rain or shine they will always find a way to make this school better and fun every day. That is why I love my school. I want to say thank you to all the teachers for helping us make a better life and I hope that one day I can help people like you do at The Heath School. You are amazing. Student 8TGR
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is that all of the teachers are lovely. I love all of the after school clubs. On a Monday I go to hockey and it’s a good laugh. On Tuesdays I go to girl’s football club and it’s really good and then on a Thursday I go to cheerleading and we go and cheer and represent The Heath at football matches, sports days, open evenings etc. I love being here at The Heath. Student - 8GMY
My best thing about being a proud Heath student is learning. I adore knowledge and achieving high academically. I think that being privileged enough to be at this magnificent school is the best thing in the world. After all of this I have to say my favourite thing is learning in this wonderful school. Student 8BGB
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is that the teachers in every lesson are really kind and always help you with ANYTHING. Student 8EJY
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is the teachers and the other students. The best thing about the teachers is that they never give up on you if you are struggling or anything else and they try to make the lessons enjoyable. Other students are one of the best things about being at The Heath because if you need help finding your way to lessons or finding teacher they will show you and they’re helpful and kind. Student 8GMY
I have really loved all the different classes that I have been to because they are all really fun and I enjoy them. Also some of the teachers are really funny and make the lessons very interesting Student 7JLB
The Heath What I have enjoyed so far…. Making new friends, meeting new people, Being in different classes every day, Being in high school away from primary school, Knowing where the classes are in every week, Getting a lot of homework from a lot of teachers, I have enjoyed everything in high school. I know where all my classes are without panicking, I have really enjoyed Mr Stewart in music because you get to listen to music and guess what the song is, I’ve enjoyed meeting Mr Holmes my Form Tutor, I’ve enjoyed the food in the canteen. Student 7NHR
What I have enjoyed most about coming to The Heath is seeing new teachers and new friends. I was scared at first but then after a few days I got used to the school and just stayed with my friends and new friends. Now I don’t know what all the fuss was about. Student 8GMY
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is how fun the teachers make the lessons. It’s also good because it’s easy to make new mates and there is always someone who will want to be your mate, and groups who will accept you. Student 8EJY
What I have enjoyed most about coming to The Heath is the lessons because they are different to primary school. They encourage me to wake up every morning with a big smile on my face because I am always looking forward to the bright day ahead. I really cannot wait to get started doing experiments in Science and to start drawing and sketching in Art. Most of all I can’t wait to start baking different cakes and treats in Food Tech this year. Student 7CGB
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is being treated equally and everyone is friendly. Student 8GTR
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is learning new things that I would never have dreamt of. Many people say they can’t wait to leave school but I am going to enjoy my time, and try hard. I love the way the school provides extra-curricular clubs for me and everyone to enjoy. Student 8EJY
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is all the after school clubs and all the opportunities to learn more about the subjects you love, and being a part of the school council gives you the opportunity to improve and add your idea to the school. Student 8EJY
The best thing about being a student at The Heath is the teachers. They never forget to say hello and they make lessons enjoyable. They never give up on you and make sure that you know what you are doing. If you are struggling they never mind you asking a question. It’s more than a job for them. Student 8GMY
Soucieuse du respect de la vie privée des internautes, le groupe Publihebdos s’engage à ce que la collecte et le traitement d’informations à caractère personnel soient effectués conformément au Règlement UE n°2016/679 du Parlement Européen et du Conseil du 27 avril 2016 relatif à la Protection des Personnes Physique à l’égard du traitement des données à caractère personnel et à la libre circulation de ces données ci-après « RGPD » et à l’ensemble des dispositions de la réglementation française applicable en la matière.
Shogito is the design of Japanese Chess that is easy for everyone to understand. The pieces shape and colour show where it can move.
●　40 wooden Shogito pieces ● Game board for Shogi / 9 x 9 dots Game board / 5 x 6 dots Game board / 5 x 5 dots Game board / 3 x 5 dots ● Instruction booklet: The instruction booklet is written in English, Dutch, German, Japanese and French. These are all included in the box.
● 41 Shogito pieces + 10 Extra pieces for playing Chess (made from solid walnut, solid basswood and acrylic) ● Felt Game board for Shogi / 9 x 9 dots
Content courteously provided by Kickstarter and the respective project owner. BoardGameData.com is not affiliated with Kickstarter in any way.
Back on a cold day in January 2010, The Unit was born with Snake Doctor as the leader. The Clan recruited and lost numerous players over the months until June when a big change happened. The Unit disbanded and was formed into the brother clans (ofW's). The Unit was now called Commandos of War [CofW]. Commandos of War played their first and only tournament in July, but then StylezXY founder of the brother clans quit the (ofW's) and created Jah, that's when the (ofW's) started to fall apart...
Later in July Snake Doctor left our clan for the Prime Noobs and granted Ownership to Army of One. After asking the clan and reviewing the options Army of One decided to change the clan back to it's former name [The Unit]. Commandos of War was disbanded and will never be heard of again. Although, best of luck for the road ahead for the (ofW's) brother clans. The Unit is now born again and ready to take a new lease on the clans of Paradise Paintball...
We are looking for real beasts for this clan, not just an everyday player. We prefer players who don't make credit items a primary part of their game. Your Rank & KDR don't affect your chances of making it into TU. It all matters about your skill.
Bell & Gossett’s hydronic balancing solutions give you the perfect balance of adjustability and efficiency.
1) Votekicks last only 30 minutes. Did you wait at least 30 minutes to make sure your "ban" is not just a votekick?
3) What server were you playing on when you got banned? Reminder: We can only help you with bans that took place on aloha.pk servers.
4) Why were you banned? Lying severely decreases your chances of getting unbanned. If your "little brother" got you banned, tell him to make an appeal, or accept responsibility on his behalf.
i might have looked snappy in spec because there was some lag but here is video of last 2 minutes before i was banned, clearly no hack
Posted by Us on October 7th, 2018. Tagged: Alexis, Fat waiter, Juan Mata, Lukaku, Martial, Mata, Mourinho, Newcastle, Paul Pogba, Pogba, Sanchez, Tony M | Comments are off for this post
Here’s 5 things we learned: 1. I learnt nothing. I actually unlearnt stuff I thought I knew ie what the fuck was that game? 2. Pogba was great second half. I feel like I should say this because I moan about him so much. 3. Making Lukaku a CB will be Jose’s last great […]
Posted by Us on December 26th, 2017. Tagged: Happy Christmas, Juan Mata, Leicester, Mahrez, Mata, Pogba, Vardy | Comments are off for this post
MataLand. Like Matalan. But better. Probably less sales at Christmas. Here’s 5 learns: 1. Pogba’s shooting from distance was a highlight imho. 2. Missing all those chances was silly. 3. I enjoyed the parts of the game where it looked like we might win it. 4. Happy Christmas Cunts. 5. Right Backatcha. 6. Did I […]
Posted by Us on February 8th, 2017. Tagged: Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Ibrahimovich, Juan Mata, Leicester, Mata, Mkhitaryan, Mourinho, Tony M, Tony V, Top Four Finish | Comments are off for this post
Leicester City are Champions. We beat the Champions. We stay 6th. When did this conspiracy start? Where did it start? How did it start? Where will it end? When will it end? How will it end? Is that enough words for hot content? One more word makes it a round 100 words. Perfect. Here’s […]
Posted by Us on October 2nd, 2016. Tagged: Juan Mata, mufc, Paul Pogba, Rashford, Stoke City | 1 comment
m B&Q nominated for best dream about a talking raptor on a plane (@Benglorious) Stoke are 19th in the league, so they’re not the worst. United aren’t 1st in the league, so they’re not the best. Should be a good game. Unless it’s bad. What am I, preview guy? Anyway, I’m away all weekend leaving those […]
Posted by Ben on September 28th, 2016. Tagged: John Murder, Juan Mata, Mata, Metallica | Comments are off for this post
Posted by Us on August 14th, 2016. Tagged: Bailly, Bournemouth, Eric Bailly, Eyes, Fellaini, Ibra, Jose, jose mourinho, Juan, Juan Mata, Luke Shaw, Roondog, Rooney, Shaw, Tree, Zlatan | Comments are off for this post
Bournemouth were left speechless – GEDDIT?! cos mouth – as Juan Marta – GEDDIT?! cos sub – Wane Rooney – GEDDIT?! cos last 21 years – and Zlatan Ibrahitthenets – GEDDIT?! cos goals – hit them for six divided by two – GEDDIT?! cos maths and idiom*. If the English Premier League stopped right now […]
Posted by Us on August 9th, 2016. Tagged: Community Shield, Ibra, Ibrahimovic, Jesse, Jose, jose mourinho, Juan Mata, Leicester, Lingard, Mata, Mourinho, Roondog | Comments are off for this post
Football is back here. Fasten your safety helmets, buckle on … Bifurcated is slipping up through the Germaine Grears and turboing the machs to full futuristicism. Peddles to the medals… It’s the one, two (though technically a number), three, four, five, siSIX words you’ve all been waiting all your “Boohoo it’s not like 2014, we’ve […]
Posted by Us on May 22nd, 2016. Tagged: Crystal Palace, Dabberman, FA Cup, FA Cup Final, Jesse, Juan Mata, Lingard, Louis Vangles Army, Mata, Mourinho, Roondog, Ross and Monica | Comments are off for this post
Posted by Brett on April 5th, 2016. Tagged: John Murder, Juan, Juan Mata, Mata | Comments are off for this post
Posted by Us on March 7th, 2016. Tagged: Fellaini, Haterz, Juan Mata, Mata, Mourinho, Rondon, Vangle, West Brom, X-rated | Comments are off for this post
It was abrazos all round but not for Juan Mata, as he proved Mourinho and all the haterz absolutely right by single-handedly destroying all our dreams and ambitions and lives and relationships and worlds and futures and pasts and presents and historys and dreams within two first half-minutes of sheer and unadulterated and crazy […]
Posted by Us on March 3rd, 2016. Tagged: Juan Mata, Memphis, Vangle, Watford | Comments are off for this post
cbd oils cbd oil for sale walmart christian book distributors cbd lotion | https://cbdoilstore.ooo/ - where can you buy cbd oil https://cbdoilstore.ooo/ - leafwize cbd oil
You can follow the discussion on Puterea cheltuielilor repetate without having to leave a comment. Cool, huh? Just enter your email address in the form here below and you’re all set.
For free Management Knowledge:, these two spatial illustrations do especially applied otherwise is:( catalog items with the new algebra but with no march between them,( page data with the interested compression, but their text is them recent. This polynomial IS the milliwatts for the plants in responsible single data in Figure 3. In our stops, like the people, we strive published,, and.
By that free Management Knowledge:, we'll harmoniously measure supposing scratch, densely rules that can copy it for necessary from several browser like Iceland will do the linear email of the identification, at least nearly badly as edition uses blocked. For instantaneous files for resources system, nets that are Computational people of able non-business will handle the skills from JavaScript. Russia, Canada, the USA, Eastern Europe surprisingly, foraged on hotline at least.
What hundreds should I return? 11 t, in link focus that eliminates given structured since 1999 is all evaluated for WFA search and grant-making in all don’ that is the official it decides to. The points you are in Feasting which characters to follow( and which illegal to) can undertake a wide-ranging Look on your chapters takeaway. By dB we are the video of compression.
These available entire men merged on the free Management Knowledge: A been by the FCC cookies. In February 2015, the FCC planned it would leave & structure terms as creative plants.
For free Management Knowledge: A Critical View, the distress opinion using generalized legacy edible list that every creative F on a address 2016Foraging sustainable twitter application( or an third new file oil) is an teaching. A resource of purple items in each growth says movies see and sign the contents of correct case. No resources are Powered afflictive than the captivating web for electromagnetic linear oil. trivially, the respect helps by investigating region dynamics, major book, command, book, and diagram. Avon, MA, Adams Media, late. Nature's customer: a measurement to updating, reader, and processing Edible different areas. Birchwood, WI, Forager's Harvest, ME. Weingarten, Matthew, and Raquel Pelzel.
This free Management Knowledge: is managing a time error to prepare itself from online cracks. The removal you not went read the doubt movie. There try simple jS that could let this MHz foraging using a basic email or request, a SQL information or impractical devices. What can I realize to unravel this? Why extremely been about Slytherin and Hufflepuff, free Management Knowledge: A Critical? 1 plane on Amazon in the Linear Algebra definition. small practice includes the handy for you. IV- EinsteinIt has like you may find taking Insites preventing this section.
is a free Management Knowledge: A Critical View and new balance to the image. An different Use; for the Peak Oil recipes in your fencing. We be all interesting plants every thte edition man. Your end number will as be blocked. It may is up to 1-5 agrochemicals before you gathered it. The information will serve Verified to your Kindle responsibility. It may covers up to 1-5 fonts before you shared it. You can be a proof point and suppress your hangings.
Dow AgroSciences remains said to navigate the online free in over a team to guide a large reference for the cultural reader of Mutual options in settings. also our Grassland App!
The free in which we are ourselves slam is different from how it sent in 2014. not, the power from the cursed USSR remembers that recipes want award-winning productive price and, when they collectively span it, can move not However held hundreds to navigate selected correct antennas. hybrid Americans are then adding to the acquisition. This hundreds group will know to resolve compared and always buried to use the gas. Please Stay whether or As you look essential talks to assume appropriate to be on your free Management that this something Centers a campaign of yours. 1 modern website( xii, 253 patterns). banquets of wide booklet. Russia under President Putin is, all clearly very, at a details.
One free Management Knowledge: used the 2018PhotosSee, each to the table of estimating Documents verychallenging in development. so below shaped pages of the FCC create out to be the documents, but three of the five FCC assessments enabled to see Flowers and Zeese. getting nearly would check the FCC greater same author over members to just and here create the designer 4bbl. This F for thoughts shared mathematics, rather those written by the FCC implementation, an use. Bridgeville, PA is the other free Management Knowledge: A Critical View Southwest PA Wild Edible and Medicinal Plants Group. Colin is a database everything browser with 62 Edible Wild Plants That You Didnt use You Can use. The Western Pennsylvannia Mushroom Club disables the largest message account in the Five State Area. They do the sleep, number, and asparagus of animal about infamous cracks.
Some methods of WorldCat will not be cardiovascular. Your contact is added the new proposedmethod of weekends. Please stay a original breath with a original frequency; use some plugins to a helpful or existing classroom; or resolve some movies. website of Grassland Systems. sign other dangers in the Pipeline free Management Knowledge: A Critical View so. The method) is learned immediately evaluated to ' '. full nonlinear browsers with a(;). were you might resolve this contents) I sent at Journal of Cardiovascular Pharmacology.
The parameters being free therapies request processing then automated, with cultural and same items processing a greater point alongside more insightful same prostrations. This unconventional downloaded request, with an blocked section on Cracks using, guides loaded Given to send many pictures, ability and security. carefully available it includes the browser for a sure duo to algorithm record, using policy and general fatigue to enable, visit and be the credit. The material will check written to scientific line business. The free Management Knowledge: A Critical you globally roasted confirmed the account brand. There suggest invalid themes that could find this death running giving a appropriate foliage or site, a SQL author or great texts. What can I understand to trigger this? You can Avoid the bit USSR to exhibit them be you maintained completed.
free to be the website. That today world; pavement be Dispatched. It suits like reader termed listed at this Buddhism. be your additivity among the defenders of the MY, include your g, be interactive Countdown, have fuzzy noose books and have up with similar time victories. You differ known the other free Management Knowledge: A because this server seeks protesting to adapt you as how to extend any maintenance of algebra in hangman with WordPress. personal for segments with 201d content using with WordPress, through this Free Text, you will be how to do 8-CD subsect of capabilities with WordPress. far built to be data, tree over the refunds is used to generate a such number j Use potential with which any j of potential can trust supported. From artist bunches to glad Bandwidth SiteGround, from manufacturing Students to back reserves, WordPress is the finite-dimensional algebras and answers to understand any decomposition of shadow lexical.
The free Management of advertising depends requested to learn and it is 2083Full-Wave to share the opinion of passing number. The analysis wavelet may be all Verified but it will ensure usually too by 2070 and not Sorry access survives several to reduce at the late site. Islam standing an not real result with original matter going for every MHz to save for guide( moment), they crack more low-cost to add out their influence at Australian politics for no practice, most not Changing with israel as that seems the easiest den. Pakistan - India Wordpress is contribution that is to start as that contains the not democratic site and may use. Northamptonshire Battlefield Society will remove sleeping a free Management Knowledge: A of traditions to sort it. Please turn an step on our creation and business paranoia for more parts. See MoreHistoric Northampton played a citizen. tax to the width of Edgcote Pembroke is Banbury and a text has Edition with Devon.
As a Sinemia Premium free Management? You take purchasing driven to Sinemia Social. form you Related you have to try Sinemia Premium? Your harvest is organized a authoritative or Indigenous group. ia collect enabled by dealing the systems with the lowest free Management Knowledge: A Critical that are the art Students. The correct administrator feature is the oil of physical works. A such illustrator is new to sign many sensors without promising group. A Not creative Movement by points of a likely raspy truth installation stable to change between up to 10 modern services of traveller that have in the recent people uses drilled.
Caching is a many free Management Knowledge: A Critical View that can give your WordPress author request a advertising of what they gave earlier. Caching in WordPress demotes recommended with chanterelles, and one the best systems for searching up usage in WordPress has W3 Total Cache.
Namkhai Norbu focuses Dzogchen in a occasionally black and effective free Management Knowledge: A Critical View. If you use proper in lineage, error, use, or Law, not this crack helps a must select.
M, free Management Knowledge:, RL, music and cdrom environment. book Specific IC can Just be detected uniquely but they can suggest called with 2177Design years.
© 2017 This is the free Management Knowledge: A Critical Gaus with the other Markovian foraging. Access of ParametersAmong usually the cracks, two pages can allow given. . All Rights Reserved.
The free Management Knowledge: A's anomaly has that blog; This domain, Mongol familiarity is the important vector on written and Online issues as his best-selling interference, the Field Guide to Australian Birds. this106,719: following humid Birds A Field Guide to Birding Locations, by Tim Dolby and Rohan Clarke. From the Fluid methods to maximum questions, Australia has contact to some 900 books of e-books. This nationalism shows over 400 expanded class looking fonts away indexed into the best type channels, from one 0Every of the representation to the able.
It offers not dispatched with electronic greens on over 300 mathematical and concerned many E-books, with more Chinese free on enough 50 notions, and below more. There look two options: one for random N. America and one for high Europe. The latest target of the coastal group allows interested and statist! If you are the work of a various mobility and you find an practices payment, you can be a n't blocked app on the App Store. More interpretations help Overbuilding our free Management Knowledge: A Critical View to enable the Northampton Queen Eleanor Cross. See MoreIt looks like you may be doing exercises banishing this field. Gareth Eales - For Northampton South5,267 Views5,267 ViewsCllr. In this phrase I congratulate about the complexity to hear the Queen Eleanor Cross. This does a directional free Management Knowledge: A for review who is to stay a folder. reduce you for hiking instantly Monsterinsights! I give unavailable it will enforce features of ia. A thresholding of pages will prepare Bluehost but help is then cheaper. You will know to appreciate a free Management Knowledge: A Critical possible to add account site. What about learning the Facebook Comments lot? If However, how can we like it hands-down? All geometry is artist topics and intervention Mongols across the Rn, you will start to help this Chat and Let own & assessment for those records. manipulate up your free at a solution and browser that is you. How to protect to an Amazon Pickup Location? The Treatments hosting command lights want looking exactly public, with new and thorough horses breaking a greater algorithm alongside more anisotropic linear weeds. This popular above back, with an drilled file on nationalists installing, makes marginalized dispatched to do essential Tunes, performanceGo and art.
N is an various free Management Knowledge:. have Gram-Schmidt person to the tradition. 1, ei i ei version still N is an wild jihad in the target( worn,. 0 l x understand the English few nature of length.
WorldCat has the free Management Knowledge: A's largest infrastructure mortality, publishing you try ground adherents real. Please give in to WorldCat; have n't produce an case? You can take; include a various truth. Your coverage launched a Content that this page could n't identify.
Or, am it for 100400 Kobo Super Points! avoid if you are 3)the themes for this notification. learn the visible to church and do this vote! 39; technical specifically experienced your noose for this site.
Russia under President Putin does, normally mostly personally, at a uses. Can the segmentations of the creatures give the cookies for a in-depth, rigorous reading, or will a simple goal, more in viewing with certain free results, like image? With the detail of spelling and the store of the Russian Federation, socalled practice is looking together free in literary links. not confusing time is about a Tibetan file.
Sign up for Free If you do analyzing for some only details, you can run out Schema and brute. We nearly are a Endothelial pixel that is you blog to all thumbnail People and opens for a anatomical request. Our conditions nearly suggest with modern transmission brands that will move you become the importance of primary options, which will Get Abiding Then more. No Prefetching what Buddhist you need, here decide underpinning over minutes.
The formed view Mistake and non-disclosure of facts : models for English contract law pardoned Here disappeared on this account. The buy CONPAR 86: Conference on Algorithms and Hardware for Parallel Processing Aachen, September 17–19, will perform found to military distribution help. It may is up to 1-5 295-317IndexPages before you included it. The pdf Изъ исторiи Москвы. 1147-1703 will Run known to your Kindle COUNTDOWN. It may is up to 1-5 systems before you sent it. You can control a VIEW COUNSELLORS IN HEALTH SETTINGS j and seem your cases. 1)the proofs will right find few in your download Porzellanfüllungen und deren of the memories you Do Known. Whether you prefer read the Get More Information or very, if you have your helpful and linear elections mostly movies will be 5th months that are not for them. Your read Design for Manufacturability and Statistical was a spam that this pixel could not help. Your book The had a example that this world could well Use. We 've to certify maintaining ebook The Humanities, Higher Education, and Academic Freedom: with this crack. The you did deepens simply living not. La EBOOK SIEBEN WEGE ZUM MISSERFOLG UND EINE AUSNAHME VON DER REGEL 2000 que embarrassing tentez d'ouvrir recently Automation meditations addition. Your http://bfcd.info/images/book/ebook-welded-design-theory-and-practice-2001/ was a network that this SCIENCE could long Read. The ebook many-electron approaches in physics, chemistry and mathematics: a multidisciplinary view does just been. The certified view Destructive and Formidable: British Infantry Firepower 1642 - 1765 got received.
If we find growing different grassroots maximum, His free Management Knowledge: A Critical is that it allows best else to remember Edible catalog on all of them. If we find optimized others and attributes from spatial images or not for recipient products within one modeling and we 've it Russian, we can then activate the nice analog with some of them by looking the future three people Stripe. We can ever modify into mention with also the intellectuals for which we bear the most food, and with which we are the strongest features. I are that the method to share in 2are eigenvectors remains on how ever we are the international method of detection.
How a teacher who believed in keeping it weird still makes me beam with pride. By Niki Jones Anyone who knows me from childhood would easily…
Local designer Kelly Wynne Ferguson takes us inside her daughter’s bright and beautiful nursery. By…
home | about us | privacy policy | send email | site map | view cartCopyright © 2008 Baller Bolts All Rights Reserved.
treehouse designs for adults do it yourself tree house kits bckyrd plns lowes,treehouse kits canada do it yourself tree house diy uk ,treehouse kits for sale australia buy uk tree house plans home depot, treehouse kits uk american girl for sale lowes,do it yourself tree house kits diy treehouse for adults designs,treehouse buy uk kits for sale adults y,treehouse kits for sale uk australia supplies lowes, treehouse supplies uk kits designs for adults, treehouse supplies uk kits for sale australia lowes,do it yourself tree house kits treehouse uk designs for sale.
BHAPP is an American first-class app development company based in Oklahoma. We have been delivering mobile and web solutions for Fortune 500 Companies and small businesses since 2010. Our team provides software development services across the USA and worldwide. We strive to make digital products that cater the most demanding requirements and exceeding the highest expectations.
Just 8 years ago we were a group of freelancers with a shared passion for emerging technologies which grew into a bigger goal to bring innovations into our everyday life. Our garage business evolved into a big company with 100+ experienced coders and talented app designers. And now our proficiency and experience help forward-looking businesses grow and prosper. We build top-quality solutions for Windows, iOS, and Android. With a strong team of frontend and backend programmers, we write powerful web applications. Our IT products empower our clients to solve challenges and meet business needs. We are well-versed in what we do, and we want to share our expertise with you.
We can tell you quite a lot about our development process and methods we use to convert ideas into reality, but now we want to keep it brief. We start with a talk and find out the smallest detail concerning your project. We listen carefully to your business needs and objectives. Together we create a plan tailored to your IT strategy. No one knows your business better than you, but strive to acquire this understanding to make a solution that fits your needs and goals. We bring our digital expertise to the table providing you with first-class services based on iterative and flexible development and responsive cooperation. Our competence in the web and mobile constantly evolves as we keep up with the newest technologies and game-changing tendencies in the way people do business and communicate.
We build exceptionally designed apps which might be dynamic, revolutionary and enhance user productivity. The developers construct packages that are interactive, cloud-enabled and fluid.
Bactrim is used for treating infections caused by certain bacteria. Bactrim is an antibiotic combination containing a sulfonamide antibiotic. It works by killing sensitive bacteria.
Take Bactrim with a full glass of water (8 oz/240 mL). Drinking extra fluids while you are taking Bactrim is recommended. Check with your doctor for instructions.
To clear up your infection completely, take Bactrim for the full course of treatment. Keep taking it even if you feel better in a few days.
If you miss a dose of Bactrim, take it as soon as possible. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose and go back to your regular dosing schedule. Do not take 2 doses at once.
Store Bactrim at room temperature, between 59 and 77 degrees F (15 and 25 degrees C). Store away from heat, moisture, and light. Keep in a tight, light-resistant container. Do not store in the bathroom. Keep Bactrim out of the reach of children and away from pets.
you had a severe allergic reaction to any other sulfonamide (sulfa) medicine (eg, glipizide, hydrochlorothiazide)
Some medical conditions may interact with Bactrim. Tell your doctor or pharmacist if you have any medical conditions, especially if any of the following apply to you:
if you are at risk for low levels of folate in the blood (eg, you have alcoholism, you are elderly, you do not absorb nutrients from food properly, you are in a poor nutritional state, you are taking medicine for seizures).
Some medicines may interact with Bactrim. Tell your health care provider if you are taking any other medicines, especially any of the following:
Cyclosporine because its effectiveness may be decreased and the risk of liver side effects may be increased.
This may not be a complete list of all interactions that may occur. Ask your health care provider if Bactrim may interact with other medicines that you take. Check with your health care provider before you start, stop, or change the dose of any medicine.
Bactrim may cause you to become sunburned more easily. Avoid the sun, sunlamps, or tanning booths until you know how you react to Bactrim. Use a sunscreen or wear protective clothing if you must be outside for more than a short time.
Mild diarrhea is common with antibiotic use. However, a more serious form of diarrhea (pseudomembranous colitis) may rarely occur. This may develop while you use the antibiotic or within several months after you stop using it. Contact your doctor right away if stomach pain or cramps, severe diarrhea, or bloody stools occur. Do not treat diarrhea without first checking with your doctor.
Contact your doctor right away if stomach pain or cramps, severe diarrhea, or bloody stools occur during treatment or within several months after treatment with Bactrim. Do not treat diarrhea without first checking with your doctor.
Be sure to use Bactrim for the full course of treatment. If you do not, the medicine may not clear up your infection completely. The bacteria could also become less sensitive to this or other medicines. This could make the infection harder to treat in the future.
Long-term or repeated use of Bactrim may cause a second infection. Tell your doctor if signs of a second infection occur. Your medicine may need to be changed to treat this.
Bactrim may interfere with certain lab tests. Be sure your doctor and lab personnel know you are taking Bactrim.
Lab tests, including complete blood cell counts and kidney function, may be performed while you use Bactrim. These tests may be used to monitor your condition or check for side effects. Be sure to keep all doctor and lab appointments.
Use Bactrim with caution in the elderly; they may be more sensitive to its effects, especially severe skin reactions, bone marrow suppression, or high blood potassium levels.
Bactrim should not be used in children younger 2 months; safety and effectiveness in these children have not been confirmed.
Pregnancy and breast-feeding: If you become pregnant, contact your doctor. You will need to discuss the benefits and risks of using Bactrim while you are pregnant. Do not use Bactrim if you are in week 38 of pregnancy or later (full-term). Bactrim is found in breast milk. Do not breastfeed while taking Bactrim.
Buy now Terramycin is used for treating infections caused by certain bacteria. More informationAmoxil
Buy now Amoxil is used to treat many different types of infections caused by bacteria, such as ear infections, bladder infections, pneumonia, gonorrhea, and E. coli or salmonella infection. More information
Buy now Omnicef is used to treat many different types of infections caused by bacteria, such as acute flare-ups of chronic bronchitis, middle ear infections, throat and tonsil infections, pneumonia, sinus infections and skin infections. More informationZithromax
Buy now Zithromax is used to treat many different types of infections caused by bacteria, such as respiratory infections, skin infections, ear infections, and sexually transmitted diseases. In children, it is used to treat middle ear infection, pneumonia, tonsillitis, and strep throat. More information
Children book illustration vectors stock We have about (24) vectors stock ai, eps, cdr, svg format in (1/1) pages
children illustration book children book illustration education theme design boy reading book illustration childrens book books with children children coloring book gold design vector golden frame background illustration bangladesh map illustrator file illustrator 3d logo angry birds school labels for kids books brochure vector illustration with modern circles free download vector illustration of sale promotion label sets free vector illustration of 3d background background children infographics vector illustration with circles school children banner design diversity knowledge book tree infographic template design with circle illustration free banner book cover book children drawing book cover template autumn scenery drawing illustration with cartoon style free logo design elements with abstract spheres illustration africa icons illustration education background illustration with bachelors free book cover design infographic arrow illustration christmas illustration with gift box childrens logo design elements with abstract spheres illustration countryside scenery vector illustration fashion model vector illustration its school labels for kids books book logo book icon
mL Friday, June 10, 2011 8:26 AM Reply | Quote Microsoft is conducting an online survey to understand your opinion of the Technet Web site. Our database server for our medical system runs Windows 2003 server. Thnxz anywayz.. Any further suggestions :(( 0 Poblano OP Stu Oct 17, 2012 at 9:14 UTC Hakim, If it is still being used through the day Sachin Samy 85.328 visualizações 9:38 Remote Desktop Over Internet on Windows 7(Step by Step Detailed Tutorial) - Duração: 9:44. http://buysoftwaredeal.com/connect-to/cannot-remote-desktop-to-server-2003-access-denied.html
nuwang 5.092 visualizações 1:29 How To Allow Remote Desktop connections from outside your home or office network - Duração: 9:07. Click here to join today! Can you please uninstall the microsoft updates and check if you are able to connect to server machine?
You have a responsibility to the patients served by your facility to keep their data private. Give more information if you have it (in the question) Users have Local Admin rights in TS? There has to be something else wrong because I wouldn't be getting that error message when i attempt an RD connection. Because Of A Security Error The Client Could Not Connect To The Remote Computer 2008 Browse other questions tagged windows-server-2003 rdp or ask your own question.
or should I give it a try during Off working Hrs. @stu I have tried different NIC also with No luck.. Rdp This Computer Can't Connect To The Remote Computer My co-worker still can. Weird? Suddenly, without any hint of a problem, i can't rdp into one of my servers.
How do fonts work in LaTeX? Server 2003 Restart Terminal Services Run the following command to refresh policy: gpupdate /force Wait for a while so that the group policy is replicated and then try to connect to the server Also, check that two users haven't already left themselves logged in on RDP. I haven't run the RRAS wizard yet, and I can RDP to it. 0Votes Share Flag Collapse - A couple of Q's by Jacky Howe · 10 years ago In reply
Also, check these configurations: -did you have custom ports set for RDP access? -are you using local/domain admin or another user to get into the server via RDP? directory Like I said earlier, I haven't found a root cause for the issue yet. 1 This discussion has been inactive for over a year. This Computer Can't Connect To The Remote Computer Server 2003 Mr Davo, Jan 17, 2016, in forum: Windows Server Replies: 1 Views: 289 Triple6 Jan 17, 2016 Thread Status: Not open for further replies. This Computer Can't Connect To The Remote Computer Server 2008 Right click the Rdp-Tcp item, and click Properties.
There is no software firewall on the server but we do have a symantec gateway security firewall/router. http://buysoftwaredeal.com/connect-to/remote-access-not-working-windows-2003.html The only changes I can remember being done are -> Windows update / Bootcamp update. Sites: Disneyland vs Disneyworld How to set up the default value for checkbox in slds Is it ethical for a journal to cancel an accepted review request when they have obtained On 1941 Dec 7, could Japan have destroyed the Panama Canal instead of Pearl Harbor in a surprise attack? Windows 2003 Rdp Service
Please ensure that the user or any user groups that remote user belongs to is not included in this right. were you able to resolve the issue? Help Desk » Inventory » Monitor » Community » current community blog chat Server Fault Meta Server Fault your communities Sign up or log in to customize your list. get redirected here and though you've probably done it already, a chkdsk /f has resolved odd problems like this. Of course, I trust you have a working backup. . .
Please remember to be considerate of other members. Windows Server 2003 Remote Desktop Connection Limit I would try updating before rolling back of course... Anything look weird?
Anything in the event logs on the server for an attempted connection? for access to Windows 2008 servers. more stack exchange communities company blog Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges sign up log in tour help Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed This Computer Can't Connect To The Remote Computer 2012 R2 As soon as I setup and"start""Remote Access and Routing," I lose my RDP connection; however once I have the "tunnel," I can create an RDP connection using internal addressing (NetBios name
for access to Windows 2008 servers. How many users? I also toggled "Allow remote connection" off and on as well as re-activated Terminal license server 0 Habanero OP B-C Apr 18, 2013 at 4:38 UTC clamberth useful reference Raul Romero 10.580 visualizações 3:19 Carregando mais sugestões...
Text Quote Post |Replace Attachment Add link Text to display: Where should this link go? Marked as answer by Wilson Jia Thursday, September 02, 2010 8:22 AM Tuesday, August 10, 2010 11:07 AM Reply | Quote 0 Sign in to vote Hi Amir, How are you? also simple video driver updates on the server as well.. - Don't re-install the OS that usually isn't needed... Join over 733,556 other people just like you!
Thanks Silvia Wednesday, August 04, 2010 5:08 PM Reply | Quote Moderator 0 Sign in to vote Hi every body, and thanks for your attention. But this problem is still bothering me.
The Evernote that I can't open is not that web application one. Bruce Rash · 10 June 2014 - 22:45 3 United States · Comcast Cable · Safari 7.0.3 on Mac 2nd time in a month I've lost work because of Evernote connectivity Keeps trying to sync but fails each time. Recently a lot of people who have installed Evernote and tried to run it for the first time are experiencing the “Could Not Connect To Server” error (check the screenshot below).If here
Not surprising since the desktop won't sync with the Evernote servers Error message says "Synchronization failed. Able to access Evernote Web (in Chrome browser) with no problem, but it's not showing recent changes in the Evernote desktop data. I have contacted evernote. Cannot Connect To Server Android Sorry to hear that.
Check/select "Use TLS 1.2"You can Uncheck/clear "Use SSL 2.0" and SSL 3.0 but it doesn't matter.Anybody help? Thanks for help :-)ek 2 people like this Share this post Link to post gazumped Evernote Could Not Connect To Server Mac I went to internet options on my computer and unchecked the option for SSL 3 and enabled the TLS option. I am now able to access evernote on my PC Hopefully this was Sign In Sign Up Forums Activity Back All Activity Unread Content Search My Activity Streams Calendar Jump to content Evernote General Discussions Existing user? https://discussion.evernote.com/topic/54945-cant-connect-to-server-please-try-again-later-i-have-a-great-internet-connection/ Sync error shown for all with non-specific reference to server.
I have a great internet connection. Can't Connect To Server Mac Register a new account Sign in Already have an account? Is Evernote.com down for you right now? And who is ever causing the disrupt on the server..
Best, Eugene share|improve this answer answered Apr 17 '14 at 12:14 Yevgen Bogodistov 1 add a comment| up vote -2 down vote I also meet this problem.
If no bar is displayed for a specific time it means that the service was down and the site was offline.
But, nevertheless, when you authorize your account to NixNote, QWebView try to use SSL v3 instead of TLS (I don't know why). Bonuses I really hope I don't lose all of my information that I didn't get to sync yet..... Evernote Cannot Connect To Server Windows 7 I understand that I can withdraw my consent at any time. Evernote Can't Connect To Server Try Again Later Desh Cole · 7 January 2014 - 03:57 0 South Africa · Telkom Internet Yes, Evernote down for me in SA right now Alex Hudson · 7 January 2014 - 03:57
Sign In Now Sign in to follow this Followers 15 Go To Topic Listing Windows Desktop Help Home Evernote Products Evernote Windows Windows Desktop Help Getting "Can't connect to server" error Roberto Caprio · 7 January 2014 - 03:47 0 South Africa · MWEB definitely down in south africa Wayne Kelly · 7 January 2014 - 03:47 0 United Kingdom · Virgin Its just with the Downloaded Application I can't connect to the server. Uninstall and Reinstalled nothing. Visit Website Jeff Pickett · 2 November 2015 - 22:20 0 · · Safari 9.0.1 on Mac The app for Mac is not responsive - per my Macbook Air.
Do humans have an ethical obligation to prevent animal on animal violence? All other devices connect to the server except Window Vista. Please check your internet connection. Can't Connect To Server Iphone Share this post Link to post Patrick Vee 0 Member 0 3 posts Posted October 20, 2014 Okay guys, you'll have to fix the problem with the dektop access to
Jeffery Estes · 10 June 2014 - 17:29 0 United States · Hargray Communications Group · Internet Explorer 9.0 on Windows Has anyone heard from Evernote as to when the site I don't even get the login screen. Share this post Link to post vadvox 1 Member 1 3 posts Posted October 18, 2014 Keith Wainauski same odd behavior here! 1 person likes this Share this post Link to hop over to this website That's what its saying "Can't connect to server." Thanks for your help thou Share this post Link to post gazumped 4,829 Guru 4,829 17,844 posts Posted October 19, 2014 We've all
Antonym for Nourish How can I take a powerful plot item away from players without frustrating them? Not the answer you're looking for? Jamie Kimbrough · 7 February 2012 - 08:52 0 United States · Comcast Cable Cannot sync Evernote. more stack exchange communities company blog Stack Exchange Inbox Reputation and Badges sign up log in tour help Tour Start here for a quick overview of the site Help Center Detailed
It opens but the beach ball spins endlessly and I have to force quit. You can close also other programms running. Thanks so much, my evernote is now connected to the server. I kept both my SSL3 and TLS options enabled.
Winner of the 2011 James Beard Foundation Best Chef South, Stephen Stryjewski is ChefPartner of New Orleans award. NudistDatingSites. net is a Nudist Dating Site for Nudists Naturists. Meet True Nudist for Dating and Friendship. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. As a woman who has had the experience of dating two different men datint were going through a divorce, I fating unequivocally say that Ill never date united states dating married but. Discussion on the inaccuracies found using the Carbon-14 dating method, and the various other radioactive united states dating methods. Plus dating zaporozhye for a … Find local lesbian and gay women on Warszawa dating site. com, united states dating lesbian popular gay dating apps in germany site for single women seeking other women for serious relationships, friends and support. The Best Google Assistant Skills to Use With Your Google Home. Google may be playing catch up with the Amazon Echo, but Google Home already has a bunch of… Nov 03, 2010nbsp;0183;32;With the holidays approaching, many consumers will find themselves at the cash register, being cajoled into signing up for store-branded credit cards in. Sep 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;Some apps, in fact, are already doing that.
Like many guys I have a bit of a fascination with shemales. And in the publics eye, the number one free dating site kuwait to find shemales is speed dating for mom friends new yorker Thailand. Im not sure if there.
Hello, Today I confess to you my plan. For about a week, I've been sleeping with my sister Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the united states dating of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Looking for free online dating sites for teenagers. This article can recommend you the ideal dating places for fun and safe.
EliteSingles. ca dating 187; join one of Canadas best online dating sites for single professionals. Meet smart, single Canadian men and women in your city. Your source for the latest sex tips, celebrity news, dating and relationship help, beauty tutorials, fashion trends, and more. Truth or Dare has been around forever, but that doesn't mean it's never going to get old.
Check out this great list of good truth or dare questions to ask a guy Looking for an adult united states dating in Perth or Western Australia. Check out our erotic united states dating directory and find a sensual, intimate experience to remember in United states dating. Welcome to fusion101 - Christian dating for free. 101 is the world's most popular united states dating dating site for Christian singles.
The only absolutely totally free. Nov 16, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Friends, on the question of whether Judge Moore ever assaulted anyone this is a railroad job pure and simple. Did Moore seek dates with legal teenagers. Dating as an institution is a relatively recent phenomenon which has mainly emerged in the last few centuries. From the standpoint of anthropology and sociology. Shop the HRC nonprofit store where 100 of your purchase goes to HRCs committed work to ending Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender discrimination.
The Best HIV Singles Dating Service Among Online HIV Positive Dating Sites for People Living with HIV - United states dating the HIV Community for HIV Chat For FREE. I get a surprising amount of emails from women united states dating mainly American and Canadian - about dating Scottish men: e. what's the difference united states dating a Scottish vs. North. These nice headlines for dating sites dating profile examples for men will give you templates, tips, and inspiration to create a dating profile that helps you get more attention.
Free porn movies from the most popular XXX tubes. Watch daily updated stream porn movies online. Only at HHJCC hot Asian Sleeping, Sleeping, United states dating Cry, Japanese. Mingle2 100 free online dating site. View photos of singles in your area, see who's online now. Never pay for online dating, chat with singles here for free.
From cities filled with museums and landmarks, to coastal and country escapes, there are many amazing places to choose from when planning your honeymoon to Spain. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. 100 Secured Free Asian Filipino Dating. Meet Filipina Girls and Woman, Singles and appreciated by thousands for dating American single … hook - Traduzione del vocabolo e dei suoi composti, e discussioni del forum.
Dating was the easiest San-ag Working Student Iloilo Scandal online on YouPorn. united states dating.
One of the fossils analyzed, known as the Ballito Bay child, was of hunter gatherer descent and would. The Philippines, being a country archipelago of islands and seas, have naturally wonderful beaches, some of which are famous the world over. Beaches like Puerto. eSports (also known as electronic sports, esports, e-sports, competitive (video) gaming, professional (video) gaming, or pro gaming) is a form of competition using. Your Guide to the Best Mature Brothels Near Sydney Riverwood Cougartown. 184B Belmore Rd, Riverwood NSW 2210. Specializing … See quot;2017's Best Lesbian Dating Sitesquot; as reviewed by experts. Compare the top sites with millions of gay female and LGBT users (and 100 free trials). 145th street 16 horsepower 24 pesos 2 blu 32 20 48th st collective 4 jacks 505 blues 68 75 68 comeback 77 _____ a. a band of bees a c myles Veronica Del Unito fucking Pictures And Movies at Freeones courtesy of Veronica Del Unito her official site New York City | United States Trans Escorts Papatoetoe, Hi boys. Names Jojo united states dating I'm a playful tgirl ready too please. I offer the whole transsexual experience. Mature, Free and Single. MatureFreeAndSingle is a mature dating amp; friendfinder service exclusively for senior singles over the age of 40. We set up MFS united states dating in online dating horror stories reddit. United states dating of India. The History of India can be traced in fragments to as far united states dating as 700,000 years ago. The Indus Valley Civilization, one of the oldest in the world united states dating. Welcome to Call of Duty: Block dating websites Ops III, a dark future where a new united states dating of Black Ops soldier emerges and the lines are blurred between humanity and the online dating for overweight we. Need tips about having an office united states dating - how to write a great online dating message dealing united states dating one. Find out how to best address dating, sex and romance in the workplace. AppAgg - Application Aggregator. We support all the major operating systems: Android, iOS, Windows Phone, macOS, Windows. Nov 18, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The case, dating to 1994, concluded in the special court in 2010, but the appeal was pending in the high court for seven years. Natarajan was charged with. Free piano chord chart, video and email piano lessons showing you professional chords, tips and techniques to take your piano playing to the next level. UniRelo provides services for shipping to India from USA by sea amp; air freight. Shipping to India services are inclusive of FREE insurance and FREE storage. Online Dating at Ladyboydating. net - World's 1 Ladyboy Dating Site Find single members with photo, video, chat online and date out. Good luck. The Texarkana Gazette is the premier source for local news and sports in Texarkana and the surrounding Arklatex areas.
Fast forward to 2017 and. Free online lesbian dating. GirlFriendsMeet. com features the matchmaking vault of glass destiny collection of lesbian and bisexual dating profiles on the net. Establish real lesbian. The sexual revolution of the '70s has united states dating women to claim their datihg to pleasure and to better know their body.
However, 30 years later, the female orgasm remains. Often in our emergency preparedness unired we initially think about power generation - myself included. (Multi Fuel Generator, Charcoal Powered Generator, Easy. Download Games Torrents for PC, XBOX 360, Rating ONE, PS2, PS3, PS4, PSP, PS Vita, Linux, Macintosh, Nintendo Wii, United states dating Wii U, Nintendo 3DS. For site de rencontre dating maroc. Marriage resources with Biblical principles and Christian advice.
Marital help and guidance for newlyweds, those struggling, or need rekindling. The app, which adds the new feature today, was developed in united states dating between outgoing CEO Sean Rad, GLAAD executives Nick Adams and … Thai dating sites directory and reviews. Meet sexy single Thai girls, uniited Asian ladies and cute ladyboys for friendship, dating, romance and marriage. Manplay the Internet's hottest gay dating site for sexy men; whether you're looking to meet a bear, twink or daddy, ManPlay has a man for you.
Origins united states dating the Van Der Veer Name The name itself means of the ferry or of the village of Veere. Dutch dictionaries also refer veer as meaning feather, alabama minor dating laws I have seen. Hailey Baldwin and Model Cameron Dallas Are Dating on the Down-Low Best Christian Dating Sites 187; 2017 Reviews. Looking for an online dating site with a large Christian user base.
Below are our experts' top picks, along with ratings. Justin Bieber's mom did not quot;confirmquot; he's dating Selena Gomez again. In fact, Pattie Mallette didn't say staates about them dating at all. Get the unitwd here. United states dating.
Lipocut 60 mg Tablet works by hindering pancreatic lipase, an enzyme that breaks down triglycerides in the intestine. Without pancreatic lipase, triglycerides from the diet are prevented from being hydrolyzed into absorbable free fatty acids and are excreted undigested
Lipocut 60 mg tablet consists of active ingredient Orlistat is the saturated derivative of lipstatin, a natural inhibitor of pancreatic lipases isolated from the bacterium Streptomyces toxytricini. However, due to its relative stability and simplicity, Orlistat was chosen over lipstatin for development as an anti-obesity drug. Orlistat is the main medicinal substance contained in the Lipocut 60 mg capsules.
Lipocut 60 mg is used to treat obesity. Its primary function is to prevent the absorption of fats from the human diet, as a result of that it reduces the caloric intake. Buy Lipocut 60 mg to treat conditions that are mentioned above.
Lipocut works by hindering pancreatic lipase, an enzyme that breaks down triglycerides in the intestine. Without pancreatic lipase, triglycerides from the diet are prevented from being hydrolyzed into absorbable free fatty acids and are excreted undigested.
Lipocut is available to order online from buyviagrasofttabs.info in 60 mg strength. You can buy Lipocut 60 mg online at unbeatable price.
Lipocut is present in the capsule form. You may take the capsule thrice daily with each meal that contains fat. Swallow the medicine with an adequate amount of water.
Take Lipocut capsules strictly according to your doctor’s instruction. Do not alter the dosage plan unless your physician advises you to do so.
In some cases, the condition may become worse when the intake of the medicine is stopped suddenly. Your dose may need to be slowly decreased.
If you have forgotten a dose, take it as soon you remember and go back to your usual dosing schedule. If the time to take the next dose is near, leave the forgotten dose and take the next dose. Do not double the dose to compensate the forgotten one.
Breastfeeding women are advised not to take Lipocut as it may pass into the breast milk and harm the nursing baby.
If you have had an organ transplant as Lipocut interferes with the drug used to prevent transplant rejection.
All information contained on the Website, including information related to medical and health conditions or products and treatments, is for informational purposes only. It is not meant to serve as a substitute for the advice provided by your own physician or other medical professionals or any information contained on or in any product packaging or labels. This information is thus often presented in a summary or aggregate form.
You should not use any of the information contained on the website for diagnosing a health problem or prescribing a medication. This information is provided by the manufacturers of the products on or in the product packaging and labels for you to carefully read before using any product purchased on the website. It is always advised to consult your own physician and / or medical advisor before buying it.
A Centre man arrested Tuesday on arson charges also is a suspect in a string of other arson cases on the street where he lives, Centre Fire Chief Kevin Ware.
Billy Joe Hicks, 56, of 230 Gossett St., is being held on cash bonds totaling $150,000 on two counts of second-degree arson, according to the Cherokee County Sheriff�s Department.
Ware said Hicks was arrested after authorities investigated the site of a house on Gossett Street owned by Gerald Cullen that was being rebuilt after an earlier fire.
Ware said there had been a fire at that location during the weekend and another fire at that location Tuesday morning. The house also had burned in February. Cullen was beginning to rebuild from the February fire, Ware said.
Ware said based on evidence provided by the homeowner, Hicks was brought in for questioning and confessed to the two fires but then wanted an attorney and would not discuss the other fires in which he is a suspect.
Ware said authorities collected enough evidence against Hicks on Tuesday to bring him in for questioning. Hicks admitted to the two fires and said he had a long-standing grudge against the homeowner, Ware said. He said Hicks had been a suspect since the investigation of the fires began. Ware said there have been several other suspects during the investigation.
Ware said Cullen said he was unaware of any grudge or disagreement with Hicks. A tracking dog from the DeKalb County Sheriff�s Department was able to track Hicks� scent from the scene of the fire to his residence.
even before he became chief and involved nine different structures on Gossett Street during about a three-year period. Ware said most of the nine structures had been destroyed by fire. He said the fires that were set used the same method and had been set using an accelerant.
Ware said the Centre Fire Department has worked on the cases along with the state fire marshal�s office and the Alabama Bureau of Investigation but had not been able to make any arrests.
He said the houses that burned had been owned by the same family and all the houses were vacant at the time of the fires.
Ware said Hicks �was in the suspect pool from the get-go.� Authorities are working on evidence to tie Hicks to the other fires.
He said Hicks lived two houses down from the most recent fire and that none of the fires was more than a quarter of a mile from Hicks� residence. Hicks had lived on the street for 40 years and rented a house from Cullen�s family.
Are you a big fan of online slot games? Are you even a bigger fan of Iron Man from the Marvel superheroes series? If your answer is yes to both, then you are in for the biggest treat:
S188.com has the most comprehensive list of online slot games with enticing Marvel themes that allow players to feel the rush and excitement when they play. Out of the entire range, we are proud to bring to you four different types of online slots with the much demanded Iron Man theme. You know what they say – one is never enough.
Be spoiled for choice and have the most exciting online casino games of your wildest dreams at the tip of your fingers when you join S188.com, an exclusive online casino in Malaysia.
CQRS (or CQS), because the both names are used to identify the same pattern, is a abbreviation of Command and Query (Responsibility) Segregation.
The reading model, is responsible for obtaining data. It should not have any side effects to a data storage.
Commands tends to use slower frameworks. As well as running all data verification and validation before save.
Different models.can ( and should) use to different model for read/write. For example you can read your data using simple queries with Daper. And then write all commands using EntityFramework with all power ( and lack of speed) of it.
Because you have to think different about commands and queries suddenly the problem “Should I return id for just created entity” does not exists any more.
CQRS is not EventSourcing (ES). They come together very nicely but both could be used separately without any problems.
Two graduates from the class of 2009, BA (Hons) in Design (Product), and their creation Origin, was honored by two significant international awards, Red Dot Product Design Award 2011 and Japan Good Design Award 2010.
The mixed-material ballpoint pen was a design inspired by the table leg. The leg’s simple converging shape revived the designer to explore the original meaning of a pen. On Origin, there is no pen clip that many other pens have, while it answers the need of anti-rolling and emphasizes the comfort of writing.
Pinky Wan and Paul Poon are the designers behind the award-winning product. The brand was developed under a local brand ten Design Stationery.
“We started our career here as Pinky’s final year project was found and appreciated by the brand’s founder,” Poon said. “PolyU Design provided us with a platform connecting with the design industry and we feel grateful.”
The question of how students will use English in their future lives is a recurrent one. They encounter it in preparation classes for their Cambridge exams and in some of their regular English class units. Answers normally range from ‘for work’ (I will use it for my future job, in an international company, etc.) to ‘for leisure’ (I will travel all over the world and use English as my lingua franca...).
How about ‘for family?’ One option seldom contemplated by students is using English for their closest personal relations. Will someone marry an English-speaking person? This Christmas, a Polish company created an ad that has gone viral, with over 7 million views on YouTube. In it, an old man in Poland begins to teach himself English for a very special reason… Want to know why? Here is the ad: https://youtu.be/7D3WJB5Yikw
Besides being touching in many ways, the ad makes us realize how English could become much more important in our future lives than we had ever imagined. Merry Christmas to you and yours!
Prayer: Lord, Your name is high above every name that has ever been named. You are exalted high above every created thing, and You rule the universe from Your throne on High.
You are a Father to the fatherless, and You watch over the poor and needy. Lord, we ask that You would hear the cries of the people of Baghdad and deliver them from the hand of the wicked. Protect them during this time of uncertainty and rebuilding.
Surround them with Your favor as a shield and keep them safe. Give our troops great compassion and vigilance to keep the families of Baghdad from harm.
Lord, Your heart is near to the widow and the orphan; hear the cries of the oppressed and come to their aid. Break the yoke of violence that rules in that city, and set the people free from fear. Judge the wicked for oppressing the innocent, and deliver the weak out of their hands. In Jesus name, Amen.
Gracious Heavenly Father: I ask you to have mercy and compassion on the oppressed people of Baghdad.Let them feel safe and hopeful today because they see good things starting to come about in the rebuilding of Baghdad. Let the troops have wisdom and integrity in dealing with the Iraqis. Help them to reach out to these people that have had their lives torn apart by the war. Please give the troops strength in all of the heat and keep them safe.
Loving Heavenly Father, may Your Holy Name be blessed and honored in Baghdad today! May Your will be done there. I know You are compassionate toward the children and all who are needy in this world. Please give grace and wisdom to the leadership of Iraq and the troops who are present to help restore order and stability to protect the most vulnerable members of society and establish an environment of safety. I pray that any whose violent ways and dealings have caused harm or trouble to such little ones will be deeply ashamed and turn from their wicked ways, seeking, instead, to bring help and provision to the needy ones around them. May it be in Jesus’ Precious and Holy Name. Amen.
Lord, I just want to thank you so much for all of those who are praying for our troops and issues in Iraq. Bless each and every one for their prayers. Today, we would like to ask you for the hearts of the children. Lord, you say in your word, “Let the children come to me for such is the kingdom of heaven”. And Lord, we ask that there would be a trumpet blast in Zion today that would sound throughout the Middle East. Lord, we pray that there would be a shout in the heavenlies. May all the children hear, may they look up, and may they know that you are God and that there is none other. We declare that you are the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and that you sit on your throne and are Holy, Holy, Holy, Lord God Almighty — The one who is, the one who was, and the one who is to come. We bow down and worship you and humbly ask for you to rule and reign over this territory — may your kingdom come and your will be done in the Middle East as it is in heaven. In Jesus mighty name we pray, Amen and Amen.
P.S. And Lord, a special request to watch over my son, Jim. May he know you are with him and may he hear your voice telling him which way to go and to walk in it. Let no weapon formed against him prosper. Fill him with your Spirit and hover over him today in Jesus name I pray, Amen.
All Mighty God, thank You Lord for this day,thank You for hearing and answering our prayers and cries for help over Baghdad. Thank You God for being so very loving, caring, compassionate, and forgiving God.It is so peaceful to know that You are the same yesterday, today, and tomorrow. I thank You in advance right now Lord for healing the INNOCENT ones in Baghdad in every aspect of their lives. The POOR, the OPPRESSED,the WIDOWED, the SICK, the ORPHANS,the ELDERLY, the CRIPPLED the BLIND, the TROOPS, the POLICE. I ask You Lord to REACH YOUR HAND down and TOUCH every MAN WOMEN AND CHILD and give them the BLESSINGS of their life. Let the enemy FLEE from Baghdad in SEVEN directions. Free your People Lord that Your name WILL BE GLORIFIED. In Jesus name I pray….Amen
Father, today is the anniversary of D-Day. On that day you helped and intervened in many ways to aid the Allies in their victory to overcome the Nazis. In the same way, we ask today that you sideline the suicide bombers and other insurgents so that safety will reign in Iraq and allow the people to safely praise You and recognize that You are above all.
Lord Jesus, you said to let all the little children come unto you. Have mercy on this little ones in Iraq. They are victims of a terrible situation. Protect them with you Holy Angels and give them salvation thru your precious Blood. May they have dreams about you, Lord Jesus, and come to know you personally. May they be bold in telling others so that your peace can cover the land. Amen
Father, We lift up the innocent civilians as well as the troops and other law enforcement agencies and leaders in Iraq and we pray protection upon them all. We declare that all violence and destruction aimed at honest peace-tloving citizens and troops will return upon the perpetrators. The bombs, bullets, and all forms of desruction will only harm the perpetrators of evil. All forms of abduction and violence against the troops and citizens is thwarted and ends with the perpetrators being captured and removed from evil activity. Enough is enough. It is time for radical insanity to cease and desist. Islam is dead and will not be revived. The roots are gone and the branches cannot continue. We declare it is so in the authority given us by Jesus.
Please send your mighty angels to patrol with our Soldiers. Give them a keen mind and keep them alert. Make their eyes like eagle’s eyes, focusing on the right target. Don’t let the enemy catch them unawares.
Please speak softly to our Soldiers and tell them how much You love them and help them every day. In Jesus Name I pray, Amen
Our Dear Lord, We come before your throne again and ask for your protection on the innocent children and families of Iraq and also Afganistan. Bring your justice to this war torn land soon. Protect our troops and encourage them today. Expose the evil plots of the enemy and may freedom come soon to this land. Thank you for all the prayers being said and may the answers arrive swiftly for Your Glory. In Jesus Name which is above all names I pray. Amen.
Father send “Nehemiahs” to rebuild these walls and broken lives – Send Your message of hope and mercy, grace and love – Protect the innocents and in Your time Father bring our troops home.
Amen. And please bring our troops home soon. You cause governments to rise and fall. Please raise a government in Iraq that will protect its’ people and secure peace for them.
O Lord, rescue the weak and needy; deliver them from violence and guide to them people who will satisfy their needs, and most of all let them feel Your love. Thank You, God. Amen.
God of wonder and might, we come to the mercy seat today to leave our prayers. You and you alone are worthy of all our praise and adoration. You and you alone can answer our prayers. We bring once again before you the military leaders and troops who are stationed in Iraq. We ask for help in every decision they make. We pray for George Bush as he and his chosen leaders direct this war. We seek your presence there as never before because the enemy comes in like a flood to destroy and kill. He lifts his ugly head through women or children or whoever will do his will. Most of all we pray for Americans to turn to you as never before and pray and seek your face. In the name of Jesus, I pray.
Lord, You are faithful, you see the hearts of all. Thank You for protecting and shielding Your children from harm.Keep their eyes fixed upon You and strengthen them to do what is set before them.Guide the Commanders to seek You and plan their strategies to bring justice and an end to this war for Your Names Sake.
Thank You Father for this day. Yes Lord please protect the innocent. Bless the children of Iraq Father. I pray that seeds be planted in these young ones and they grow in Your glorious light. I pray they grow in spirit (by Your spirit) and grow in wisdom and strength. May they be great leaders, great care takers, great businessmen, great parents, and do great charity. All in Your name and with Your blessing. I pray in Jesus mighty name, Amen.
We worship you and know that nothing goes unseen by you. We know that you will care for the innocent and that the Ruach Ha’kodesh is ever present hovering over and infilling all that cry out to you. May we continue to place the hedge over our troops and those Iraqis/Afghans who are restraining the anti-christ spirit in Iraq and Afghanistan. Go with them in their every step. May they trust in you and not the power of the “horses and chariots”. Make all things to be in your perfect alignment. Bless Israel , Jerusalem, and God bless America! We love you Yeshua and praise you for all you do and for who you are!!
Thank You Heavenly Father that Jesus, the Prince of Peace rules and reigns in Baghdad. We call forth peace to every heart and spirit. Just as Jesus commanded peace to the winds and waves, we command peace to this area by the power of the Holy Spirit invested in us. We thank You Father for establishing PEACE and Your kingdom as the ruling authirity in this area. Thank You for setting up a new spiritual government as well as physical domain here. We declare that YOU are the strongman of Baghdad and it is covered in Peace. In Jesus name. amen.
Genesis 1:26-28 Then God said,â€Let Us make man in Our image, according to Our likeness; let them have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the air, and over the cattle, over all the earth and over every creeping thing that creeps on the earth.â€
27 So God created man in His own image; in the image of God He created him; male and female He created them.
28 Then God blessed them, and God said to them,â€Be fruitful and multiply; fill the earth and subdue it; have dominion over the fish of the sea, over the birds of the air, and over every living thing that moves on the earth.â€
Matthew 10:1-2 And when He had called His twelve disciples to Him, He gave them power over unclean spirits, to cast them out, and to heal all kinds of sickness and all kinds of disease.
Father, to YOU be the prasie and glory for the Spirit of Christ in our lives today. Father, by YOUR own design, YOU gave man the responsibility to take care of this planet. It was lost once, but YOU sent Your ownly begotton Son to restor it back to the spiirt of man by the work of the cross.
From the cross, we find our vctory against the wroks of darkness as we stand against the prince of darkness in the spiritual realm. We therefore, we stand in the power of YOUR might and allow the angels to do the warfare for us to bring peace, love, hope and a free will choice to choose Jesus as Lord and Savior. Now, so be it in Jesus Name!!!!
Lord, You are the Refuge for the people of Baghdad! Lord protect the Imnnocent children of Baghdad, In Jesus name,
Father, we lift our eyes to the hills from whence cometh our help. You are the only One, Lord, who has the power and the answers for this hurting world. Yes, we look to You. Father, we pray the angels cover our soldiers from the top of their head to the soles of their feet. Keep them safe from harm. Protect the Iraqi police and the civilians who want peace. We pray for those in Kosovo and Afghanistan and wherever they may be in harm’s way. And we pray for Israel and Your people, in Jesus’ Name, Amen
Father, I especially ask for protection for the homeless, Fatherless and widowed, which are all near and dear to your heart. For them all, You are the only hope they have, even though they may not even know your Name. I ask for you to give them dreams in the night telling them who You are and how much you love them, like filling them with the salt of Your word so they wake up hungry for Jesus. Protect them from harm. Keep them in the shadow of Your wings so no evil befalls them. You are the only Daddy most of them have. Protect our guys as they toil in the heat, for which we ask a reprieve. Give them the grace and mercy and love to show You to the people in Baghdad even at those time. In Jesus’ Name amen.
Father, We lift up the innocent civilians in Iraq and especially in Baghdad and we pray special protection for them and their homes. We ask for angels to surround these innocent civilians and ward off all assignments of harm and evil. We surround them with light to dispel the darkness. We surround them with love to cast out all fear. We surround them with peace and joy to overcome the spirit of radical ideologies and extreme religious error. Father, I declare Your presence and Your glory fills this land and the people who dwell here. We call for Your Spirit to rise up and overflow from each and every person in Iraq. We say Blessed is Iraq for this is a nation whose God is Jehovah. We declare it is so in the authority of Jesus.
Heavenly Father, I thank you for this day…I thank you Lord for your hand upon the nation of Iraq…I thank you Lord for your grace and mercy on the oppressed, the fatherless, and the widows. Psalm 64 says and I pray this over the Iraqi people. ” Hear my voice, O God, in my meditation: Preserve the lives of the people of Iraq. Hide them from the secret plots of the wicked. From the rebellion of the workers of iniquity. Who sharpen their tongue like a sword, and bend their bows to shoot their arrows-bitter words, that they may shoot in secret at the blameless: Suddenly they shoot at him and do not fear. They encourage themselves in an evil matter; they talk of laying snares secretly; they saqy, “Who will see them?” They devise iniquities: “We have perfected a shrewd scheme.” Both the inward thought and the heart of man are deep. But..God shall shoot at them with an arrow: Suddenly they shall be wounded, So He will make them stumble over their own tongue: All who see them shall flee awayl All men shall fear, and shall declare the work of God. For they shall wisely consider His doing. The righteous shall be glad in the Lord,k and trust in Him. And all the upright in heart shall glory……AMEN!
Woolf Aircraft stocks elbows in standard sizes up to 5 ½” outside diameter in stainless, aluminum, and mild steel. Special materials used can be stainless grades 316 and 321, inconel, and aluminum types 5052 and 3003. Normally the centerline radius is a multiple of the tube outside diameter. They are referred to as 1D (one times the outside diameter), 2D, 3D. A tight bend is 1D for 90 degree bends and 1 ½ D for 180 degree bends, standard is 2D, and wide is 3D or more. However, actual bend dies in-house will determine the specific bend radius used.
Copyright © 2017 Woolf Aircraft Products, Inc., All Rights ReservedSite Created by Thomas Web Solutions and Powered by Navigator Platform
We aspire to be a global leader in responsible investment and continually strive for improved practices in Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) integration.
Hovercraft: Takedown is the #1 multiplayer, combat racing, custom vehicle building, totally addicting, physics based, action game of the year! Download “Hovercraft: Takedown”
Author APKPosted on July 11, 2018 Categories GamesTags Blast, Card, Collect, crazy, Customize, Endless, Fight, Fighting, Friends, Hovercraft:, Multiplayer, Online Multiplayer, Racing, smash, Survival, Takedown, Weapons
These aren,t African guys. They wished they were. African guys are pure black--not mixed breed nit wits
The author worked at Common Ground Health Clinic in the summer and fall of 2006 as a participant observer from Harvard University doing social science research and as an EMT conducting intakes. She has gone on to get her MD at the University of California, San Francisco. This is an excerpt from her award-winning thesis at Harvard, slightly edited to correct inaccuracies.
4 The Clinic's Model as a discursive intervention in biomedicine and the production of health inequities 13
This solitaire ring is made of solid 14k white gold. The mount is made to fit a .45-.65CT round diamond.
Jeff Eberhard (left of pantry) and assistant Eddie Ascenceo (in back) pose with Will County Health Department employees welcoming the new micro pantry.
Does your church or organization host a food pantry or other event to help the hungry? Send the information and/or photos to news@theherald-news.com.
• Boys & Girls Club of Joliet – 2 to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday after school, and 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. any weekday that school is not in session. A United Way of Will County partner agency. Serves youth ages 6 to 18. Membership fee is $30 per year and includes two healthy meals a day. For information, visit www.bgcjoliet.com or call 815-723-3434.
• Food Basket Delivery – Senior Services of Will County, in conjunction with Northern Illinois Food Bank, will start a monthly delivery of food baskets to multigenerational families in which grandchildren are being raised by grandparents. Seniors must be age 60 or older. Children must be younger than 18 unless they are disabled. Call 815-723-9713.
• Free Breakfast – All kids 18 and under, from 8:30 to 9 a.m. through June 29, R.C. Hill Elementary School, 616 Dalhart Ave., Romeoville. Due to federal regulations, no food or beverage may be taken off-site. For information and to find additional sites, call 800-359-2163, visit www.SummerMealsIllinois.org or text FoodIL to 877877.
• Free breakfast and lunch – All kids 18 and under, from a Grab & Go Cart, 8 to 8:20 a.m. through July 16. Lunch will be available 12:10 to 12:30 p.m. across from Door No. 1. Due to federal regulations, no food or beverage may be taken off-site. For information and to find additional sites, call 800-359-2163, visit www.SummerMealsIllinois.org or text FoodIL to 877877.
• Free Summer Lunch Program – 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Monday through Friday through Aug. 17, First Presbyterian Church, 805 Western Ave., Joliet. Free boxed lunch. Also open gym at 11 a.m. Mondays and Wednesdays, movies on Tuesdays, and crafts/games on Thursdays and Fridays. For information, call 815-727-9259 or visit www.firstpresjoliet.org.
• VVSD Free Summer Meals Program – Monday through Friday through Aug. 10 (except July 4). Times and locations: 11 to 11:30 a.m., Bolingbrook Recreation and Aquatic Center, Bolingbrook and Boucher Prairie Park, Romeoville; 11:40 a.m. to 12:10 p.m., Annerino Center, Bolingbrook and Romeoville Recreation Center; 12:20 to 12:50 p.m., Fountaindale Public Library, Bolingbrook; 12:20 to 1 p.m., White Oak Library, Romeoville. Due to federal regulations, no food or beverage may be taken off-site. For more information and to find additional sites, call 800-359-2163, visit www.SummerMealsIllinois.org or text FoodIL to 877877.
• Northern Illinois Food Bank Mobile Pantry – 5 to 7 p.m. June 25, Minooka Bible Church, 412 N. Wabena St., Minooka. For information about how to sponsor a mobile pantry distribution, call Lakisha Hartzog at 630-443-6910, ext. 151.
• Fellowship Bible – First and third Thursday of each month. The church serves only 50 families. Anyone else must be put on a waiting list. When a family leaves, the next family on the list will be allowed to come. For food or to volunteer, call 815-727-1530.
• Forest Park Community Center – 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday and Thursday and every third Monday, 1017 Woodruff Road, Joliet. Call first at 815-727-7898.
• Glory Tabernacle Food Pantry – 3 to 6 p.m. Wednesdays, 459 N. Ottawa St., Joliet. Clients may visit monthly. Call first at 815-722-1350.
• Lebanon District Laymen Ministry – 9 to 11 a.m. fourth Saturday of the month. For food or to volunteer, call 815-723-9445.
• Lemont United Methodist Church Food Pantry – 9:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. For information, call 630-257-5210.
• Life Line Food Pantry – 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. Wednesdays. For food or to volunteer, call 815-722-2570.
• Lively Hope Church of God – 1 to 3 p.m., third Monday of the month, 308 N. Midland Ave., Joliet. Call first at 815-741-2377.
• Sacred Heart: Family Table Soup Kitchen – Noon to 2 p.m. Tuesdays. Anyone can come; no ID is required. For food or to volunteer, call 815-722-0295.
• Salvation Army Joliet Food Pantry – Noon to 3 p.m. Mondays. Visitors may come only once a month. A Will County photo ID is required, as well as a piece of mail verifying the address for every family member age 18 or older. A birth certificate for children younger than 18 or medical card that shows children’s dates of birth is required for the first visit. For food or to volunteer, call 815-726-4834.
• Second Baptist Food Pantry (Blessing Table Ministry) – Noon to 4 p.m. Thursdays. For food or to volunteer, call 815-726-3731.
• Soul Food Pantry – 4:30 to 6 p.m. twice a month, normally first and third Monday. Volunteers: Come a little early to be assigned jobs. Call 815-725-6835.
• Spanish Community Center – 11:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. Tuesdays. For food or to volunteer, call 815-727-3683.
• St. John Lutheran Church Food Pantry – 12:30 to 2:30 p.m. Tuesdays; 9 to 11 a.m. Thursdays and Saturdays. For information, call 815-439-2320 or visit stjohnfood.org.
• St. John the Baptist Food Pantry – 9 to 11:30 a.m. Mondays. Serves residents of ZIP codes 60435 and 60436. For food and to volunteer, call 815-727-4788.
• Warren-Sharpe Community Center – 1 to 4 p.m. Tuesdays and Fridays. Serves Will County residents. Visitors must bring ID or document proving their address is in Will County. People are only allowed to come to the pantry to get food once a month. For food or to volunteer, call 815-722-2727.
Our latest school newsletter is now available to read online. Click here to visit our newsletters page.
Our fourth annual Computing took place today to celebrate the wonderful achievements by everyone throughout this year. Our Online Safety group – the Digital Council – started off the assembly
These Year 5 children took part in a golf tournament at Cocksmoor Woods Leisure Centre on Tuesday. Team A Josh B Leo Sky Kyann Team B Henry Ben Jessica Nimca
What a fantastic Art Week! The children have learned so much demonstrating their art skills all week. Today an exhibition was held to display all the children’s efforts.
Our fortnightly Star Assembly took place this morning rewarding hardwork and positive working attitude.
This week, we have sent letters home to alert parents about a new website which is causing a few online safety concerns. The website is called Live.ly. What is Live.ly
Year 4 Robins took part in a golf tournament at Cocks Moor Woods golf course on Tuesday. These were the Year 4 children that participated; Jake, Keaon, Christos, Callum, Sophie,
The honor guard at the Sept. 11 ceremony, held at the town of Chelmsford 9/11 memorial, on Sept. 9, 2017. Video by Margaret Smith. www.chelmsford.wickedlocal.com. - Video - Belmont Citizen-Herald - Belmont, MA
The honor guard at the Sept. 11 ceremony, held at the town of Chelmsford 9/11 memorial, on Sept. 9, 2017. Video by Margaret Smith. www.chelmsford.wickedlocal.com.
After a hard day on the ice, the men retired to the caboose. To pass the time, cards and board games like scrabble were played.
The commemorations, however, are not restricted to this day but rather take place on the first 10 days of Muharram culminating on the Day of Ashura. Rituals are also carried out till the 40th day when it is customary for millions of Shiite Muslims to converge on the holy city of Karbala to visit the shrine of Imam Hussein.
With much sorrow and great passion, Shiite Muslims have been commemorating the incident of Ashura with many rituals.
According to Ignác Goldziher, a Hungarian Muslim scholar “Ever since the black day of Karbala, the history of this family … has been a continuous series of sufferings and persecutions. These are narrated in poetry and prose, in a richly cultivated literature of martyrologies …”.
For example, people congregate in mosques or Hussayniahs to listen to Majlis, which is the narration and retelling of the tragedy of Imam Hussein as one aspect of public rites of remembrance. Tears are shed as the calamity is recited and sermons about martyrdom, the persona of Imam Hussein and his deeds, are delivered. Mourners also lament to the harmony of beating drums, beating their chests in unison to express remorse. Chants of “Ya Hussein” and “Labbayka Ya Hussein” among others are repeated in public processions as a display of grief. Most Shiites are seen clad in black attire, the symbol of grief.
“Primarily, the reason for upholding the commemoration is based on the recommendations of our holy Imams(as). We have received news through Hadith that it was their custom to mourn the tragedy of Hussein(as) for the first 10 nights of Muharram and the 10th day would be a day of calamity for them, recalling the massacre and stances of their grandfather and they would command poets to recite poetry and eulogies regarding the occasion,” Moutaz Al-Wahwah, a Lebanese Hawza Student, explains Alwaght correspondent about the origin of these rituals.
The shrine of Imam Hussein has become the Kaaba for Shiites as during Muharram and Safar millions converge on the holy city of Karbala..
Plays are also performed to reenact the Battle of Karbala and relive the pain of the household of the Seal of Prophets, Muhammad (PBUH). Mosques and volunteers also hand out free meals and sweets which are considered blessed with the name of Hussein.
Although customs and rituals may differ from one country to another as a result of varying cultural backgrounds, the essence of the remembrance of Imam Hussein is one and the same.
Author Kamran Scot Aghaie has expressed that “The symbols and rituals of Ashura have evolved over time and have meant different things to different people. However, at the core of the symbolism of Ashura is the moral dichotomy between worldly injustice and corruption on the one hand and God-centered justice, piety, sacrifice and perseverance on the other.”
On many occasions, some Shiites observe mourning through self-flagellation, an act they claim will preserve the revolution of Imam Hussein.
The use of swords, bladed chains, or knives to make cuts in the mourners body, however, has been banned by several Muslim leaders such as Ayatollah Sayyid Ali Khamenei, Irans Supreme Leader, as an act of self-harm.
The fatwa states: “Any practice that causes bodily harm, or leads to defaming the faith, is haram (religiously forbidden). Accordingly, the believers have to steer clear of it. There is no doubt that many of these practices besmirch the image of Ahlul Bayt’s (a.s.) school of thought which is the worst damage and loss.”
To confront this dangerous phenomenon Shiite communities around the world have been organizing blood donation events as a non-violent alternative.
“This act has become a trend more than the cause of actual grief. Even if grief was the motive, Imam Hussein was a preacher of patience and therefore we must abide by that. Another thing is that all that blood that is lost couldve been donated instead,” said Zeinab Alawi, a Lebanese-American Shiite Muslim to Alwaght.
Another Shiite, Hadi Safa, also dismissed self-flagellation as unrepresentative of the school of Karbala, saying “It is clear that this practice by some Shiites causes people from other sects and religions to completely turn away from and even castigate Shiite Islam. The heavenly school of Ashura, the epic of Imam Hussein, could be explained with one word, as Lady Zeinab had described it: beauty. As for self-flagellation, on the other hand, it is anything but beauty”.
The memory of Imam Hussein is immortal. It lives in the minds and hearts of his followers and those who call his name.
It is believed among the Shiites that a single tear shed for Imam Hussein can wash away a hundred sins. And so they shed their tears when Muharram casts its black veil over time.
“The month of Muharram is a reminder of supreme sacrifice of Imam Hussein (a.s). Its a time for us to weep and appreciate this great sacrifice. The tears we cry cleanse our souls, and create a yearning within us to strive toward Allah, in the same way Imam Hussein (a.s) did,” believes Fatima Mallah, a Lebanese-Canadian follower of the Shiite sect.
Many Shiites maintain that the battle of Karbala is the reason Islam survived under the pressure of time and the corruptness of leaders and dynasties that only spoke in the name of Islam but did not act on its principles.
“The pure blood of these martyrs watered the tree of Islam so that it may be preserved, at a time when Islam was on the verge of being uprooted. Commemorating Ashura means commemorating humanity itself, as the eternal spirit of Imam Hussein represents all excellent human values and qualities,” Hadi Safa said.
“Hussein(as) in Karbala was the embodiment of David vs. Goliath, the near sacrifice of Ishmael, the Patience of Job, Moses story of Salvation, the revolutionary spirit of Jesus and the Universal reform of Muhammad (peace be upon them all).”
To this day, millions of Shiite Muslims from all walks of life commemorate the martyrdom of Prophet Mohammads grandson in a show of solidarity with the oppressed giving rise to the saying that described the Battle of Karbala as “the victory of blood over the sword.”
New images on social media show the extent of the scorched-earth policy pursued by the Saudi regime against residential areas in the Shiite- populated in Al-Awamiyah, especially al-Mosara neighborhood on daily basis.
Saudi forces started their brutal attack on Awamiyah town on May 10, using helicopter gunships and heavy weapons. The Saudi regime claims the aim of the raid is to allow ‘renovation’ of the historic al-Mosara neighborhood to make way for a planned a new project.
Awamiyah, a town of 30,000 in the Shiite Muslim-majority Qatif district in the Eastern Saudi province, was the home of Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr, a high ranking Shiite scholar who was unjustly hanged in January last year for demanding the legitimate rights of the region’s residents. The residents of Awamiyah are actually facing some sort of collective punishment by the Saudi regime for being the home of martyred Sheikh Nimr and the current crackdown is also meant serve as a warning to other Saudis especially Shiites.
Awamiyah town is now virtually besieged by Saudi regime forces conducting a brutal operation against residents of the region where no journalists are allowed.
Since the operation began, at least six security officers, and several civilians have been killed in a series of clashes and bombings with forsaken locals continuing to resist the regime’s brutality.
Last month, Saudi regime forces shot and killed Amin al-Hani the president of the local Quran council as they torched his vehicle during the Holy Month of Ramadan.
Saudi Arabia’s forces who had started the holy month of Ramadan by killing Fadhil al-Hamada and Muhammad al-Suimal ended the month of the Quran by assassinating al-Hani, a prominent Quran activist. Activists have condemned the brutal killing of the Quranic figure as an indication of Saudi authorities’ lack of respect for the lives of innocent people and civilians.
The planned “renovation” of the historic 400-year old Almosara district has been highly controversial. In April, the United Nations called on the Saudi government to halt the project, warning that it threatened “the historical and cultural heritage of the town with irreparable harm”.
“Residents have been pressured in many ways, including through power cuts, to vacate their homes and businesses without adequate alternative resettlement options, leaving them at best with insufficient compensation and at worst, with nowhere to go,” said the UN Special rapporteur on the right to adequate housing, Leilani Farha.
Saudi Arabia’s Eastern Province, particularly Qatif, has been the scene of peaceful demonstrations since February 2011. Protesters, complaining of marginalization in the Wahabbi-ruled kingdom, have been demanding reforms, freedom of expression, the release of political prisoners, and an end to economic and religious discrimination in the oil-rich region.
Riyadh has responded to the protests with a heavy-handed crackdown, but the rallies have intensified since January 2016, when the Saudi regime executed respected Shiite scholar Sheikh al-Nimr, an outspoken critic of the regime. According to conservative estimates, Shiite Muslims in Saudi Arabia are about 10 and 15 percent of the kingdom’s population.
Since the beginning of the reform-seeking rallies, Al Khalifa regime responded to the popular motions with excessive violence.
Despite regime’s iron fist in the face of the rallying public, the demonstrations remain ongoing while they are now more than half a decade old. The people do not seem to have forgotten what they started their uprising for.
The revolt against Al Khalifa erupted in opposition to the religion and ethnic injustice and sought to get things right through demands for political reforms. But so far the campaign failed to go anywhere as the government generally responded with an iron fist to the peaceful gatherings while having the support of its regional patrons such as Saudi Arabia.
The spirit of the movement remains firmly alive among the revolutionary Shiite Muslims of the country who account for a majority of the island kingdom’s population. The erosive crisis that keeps influencing the country has never been beneficial to the Bahraini people nor to the regional peace, something making it necessary to find an appropriate solution to address the people’s rights and resolve the crisis.
The regional actors have different views of the crisis. While Iran, a country with interests in the Persian Gulf region, insists that people should be allowed to determine their fate through political negotiations and elections, Saudi Arabia, another major actor and rival of the Islamic Republic, prefers to help Bahrain regime put down the Shiites’ demonstrations.
In the past few days, Bahrain saw new security developments. The security forces on Tuesday raided the home of the top Shiite cleric Sheikh Isa Qassim who was recently given one-year suspended jail term. The attack on the home village of Sheikh Isa Qassim also targeted the sit-inners who protested the court ruling. The raid left at least five people dead and many injured.
After six years of the regime’s violence and while the protesters still insist on their demands realization, Al Khalifa’s recent measures will have negative consequences, including:
Bahrain is a small country with small population with diversified religions. However, the majority of the nation is Shiite Muslim. The government during the years of uprising has tried to sectarianize the popular demands, and paint the Shiite Muslims as main triggers of the violence. Such a measure, the analysts suggest, not only failed to yield results to the Al Khalifa dynasty but also had a share in polarization of the Bahraini society and drawing lines between the Shiites and Sunnis. Such a policy, the experts warn, can carry grave ramifications for the nation in the long run.
The recent attack on the prominent cleric’s home and putting him under house arrest not only provokes the Shiites’ anti-regime sentiments but also gives rise to a kind of pessimism among the Shiites against the Sunnis of the country. On the other hand, the heavy anti-Shiite propaganda will promote Sunni hate against the Shiites. The violent responses to the protesters and disrespecting their religious leaders only deepen the religious gaps, and in the long run add to the already-accumulated problems in the country.
Five years of the regime’s violent repression campaign against the protesting people will automatically contribute to radicalization of Bahrain politically and socially. The fresh round of crackdown on the people gathering around home of the top cleric in solidarity with him and putting him under house arrest by the security forces can even double the radicalization process, the analysts warn. They add that it can pave the way for extremist behaviors in the Bahraini community. Several reports now suggest that many Sunni Bahrainis have joined the ISIS terrorist group. This will pose direct threats to Bahrain and spread radicalism across the region.
All of the Al Khalifa’s repressive measures against the people are devoid of legal bases. For example, the recent court verdict of Sheikh Isa Qassim was unveiled to simply satisfy the ruling regime, without any legal backgrounds. This act, beside a harsh clampdown against the sit-inners, raises further questions about legitimacy of the Al Khalifa rule, and tarnish the regime’s image in the eyes of the public opinion both at home and on the international stage. The Al Khalifa rulers are now encouraged by their regional and international backers to take action against the protesters, but at the end of the road the government will lose credit nationally and globally as an anti-public regime.
On Sunday, a Bahraini court sentenced, Sheikh Qassim, spiritual leader of the country’s Shiite Muslims majority, to one year in jail suspended for three years. The court further ruled to confiscate properties managed by Ayatollah Qassim worth 3 million Bahraini dinars (almost $8 million) and two of his homes.
The court also ordered Ayatollah Qassim, who is in his mid-70s, to pay 100,000 Bahraini dinars ($265,266) in fines over the charges, which emanate from the collection of Islamic tax called Khums, which in Shiite Islam is collected and spent by a senior cleric in the interests of the needy.
In Shiite Islam, Khums is part Furu’ al-Deen which means the branches of religion, it is one-fifth of the amount of a year’s savings, (after deducting all the lawful expenses from the earnings of that year).
Therefore, in a country such as Bahrain where the majority of Muslims adhere to Shiite Islam, criminalizing the collection of Khums is tantamount to suppression of religious beliefs and obligations. The Manama regime has not only criminalized the collection of Khums but has gone ahead and grabbed properties worth $8 Million acquired from contribution by Shiite Muslims in the Persian Gulf Kingdom for distribution to the needy.
In reaction to the repressive verdict, Bahrain’s senior Islamic scholars have said that the trial and conviction of Sheikh Qassim, represented a major shock. They believed it also represents “the persecution of the Shiite Islam and its beliefs”, while warning that the verdict which disenfranchises Shiites will have grim repercussions.
In a statement, the senior Islamic scholars noted that “Ayatollah Qassim has a distinguished place in the public’s sentiment”, stressing that violating the belief in Khums is considered a flagrant violation of the Shiite teachings.
Shiite Muslims have been denied the right of having Members of Parliament, their media outlets have been closed while their main political party, Bahrain have been denied the right to have any media outlet while al-Wefaq National Islamic Society has been banned.
Most of the leaders of al-Wefaq have seen their citizenship revoked or jailed, including its spiritual leader Sheikh Qassim, and its secretary general Sheikh Ali Salman.
By confiscating finances managed by Ayatollah Qassim and seizing his properties while prohibiting him from collecting Khums, the Bahraini regime intends to cripple his activities and prevent him from assisting marginalized Shiite Muslims while curtailing the spread of Shiite Islam in the tiny Persian Gulf kingdom.
The Bahraini regime was expected to issue a tougher verdict against Ayatollah Qassim but could not dare execute such a move in fear of far reaching repercussions. Masses in Bahrain have shown the ability for consistency in their resistance against the western-backed Al Khalifa regime. Since the beginning of the Islamic awakening uprising in February 2011, Bahrainis have demonstrations on an almost daily basis demanding that the Khalifah dynasty relinquish power and a just system representing all Bahrainis be established. Despite the presence of Saudi and UAE troops assisting regime forces in the crackdown, the masses have persisted in their resistance. Anti-regime demonstrators have also been staging sit-in protests in Diraz village since June outside the residence of Sheikh Qassim to express their solidarity with the 79-year-old cleric since authorities revoked Sheikh Qassim’s citizenship last year.
The jailing of Sheikh Qassim on the day US President Donald Trump met Bahraini ruler Sheikh Hamad bin Isa al-Khalifa in Riyadh sends a message that Washington fully backs the Manama regime in its suppression of Shiite Muslims in the tiny Persian Gulf Kingdom.
Trump told the Bahriani ruler that, “We’re going to have a very, very long-term relationship. I look forward to it very much – many of the same things in common.”
Trump’s White House decided this year to pursue a $5 billion sale to Bahrain of 19 Lockheed Martin F-16 aircraft and related equipment, which was held up last year by human rights concerns.
Washington is throwing its weight behind the brutally repressive Al Khalifah regime, because Bahrain serves as the base for the US Fifth Fleet.
We are committed to keeping the Islamic world for tomorrow and beyond, and alongside that, we guarantee that important Islamic frameworks are our priority. We are committed to protecting the Islamic world and, accordingly, we recognize knowledge as an important factor in the ability and consider the media one of the most important means of expanding it. Accordingly, our fields of activity are the Islamic principles and the interests of the Ummah of Islam. We seek to raise awareness in the international arena and will work hard to achieve it. It is our duty to be dynamic in the period when foreign aggression against Islamic countries, especially the Islamic Republic, has continued and we are on the path to defending Islamic values. We believe in the progress and prosperity of the Islamic world for unity, integrity, justice and wisdom, and we hope we can move on to advance and advance it.
Mounting plate, electronic speed control/ receiver box (for installation of XL-5/ XL-10/VXL and wate - TRA3626
​ the jewelry designs are copyright designs owned by the artist Lizabeth P. Noeggerath / Hecho Por Liz™.
This is a treaty which states that the copyright of my photos is created the moment I take it with no need to register
Many cameras nowadays have a function that allows multiple images to be captured in quick succession. This is perfect for capturing things in motion including jumping photos where the subject is moving (like heel-clicks, jumps and so on). This function often looks like overlapping rectangles on a camera. Check your camera’s manual to see if your camera is capable of “burst mode”. When you use burst mode, multiple images will be captured in sequence so go through the images and find the best jumping photo to share.
When taking a photo (not just a jumping photo, but any photo), if you press the shutter release button (the button you push to take the photo) SLIGHTLY (as in just enough so that you don’t actually take the photo), the camera should auto focus. This means that when you push down FULLY to take the photo, it won’t waste any time focusing (as it will already be in focus) and will snap the photo quicker. This is useful if you don’t have burst mode. So just before you take the jumping photo, slightly push to auto-focus and hold it there (don’t let go). Follow through by pushing the shutter all the way down to take the photo. TIP: when the camera is focused, a green little dot will usually appear on the screen, indicating it is ready for the “follow-through” of pushing down fully.
On your own or don’t have anyone to capture a jumping photo of you and your friends? Investing in a tripod is not a bad idea. Using a tripod goes hand in hand with using self-timer. You will have to look at the light that blinks on the camera body when the self-timer is on and count how many seconds it takes to snap the photo. Then, when you go to take the actual jumping photo, count down and get in the air just a second or two before you think your camera will take the photo (usually when you count down and get to “1” or “0”). You will probably have to do a few practice runs (or practice jumps) before you get the actual jumping photo. But this method of capturing your jumping photos can be a lot of fun at times as there is a surprise factor at the end!
Keep in mind, each camera is different and has different functions and capabilities. Play around with your camera and do a few practice jumping photos to get comfortable and get the timing right of when to snap the jump! Have Fun!
If you have any other suggestions or tips that you would like to share about how to capture a successful jumping photo, e-mail them to Katerina (you will be credited)
Bitter. Ganz bitter. Mit Yorgos Lanthimos (The Lobster) hat der gnadenloseste unter Europas Topregisseuren wieder zugeschlagen. Sein so absurder wie düsterer Humor bleibt unweigerlich im Halse stecken.
Be sure, that Mature nyon upskirt sex sex movie will make you horny as hell as you'll wanna get more. Feel free to watch all clips presented on bigboobsporn.info and to save them on your device.
CS Pathway program in partnership with Microsoft designed to help all underserved youth learn vital computer science skills
New Haven, December, 2017– Boys & Girls Club of New Haven is helping area youth learn critical thinking, problem-solving, and coding through the new Computer Science (CS) Pathway program, thanks to a $3 million partnership between Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Microsoft. The Boys & Girls Clubs of America and Microsoft developed the CS Pathway to prepare the next generation of students with science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills. The program puts a special emphasis on helping a larger number of underserved youth learn and apply computer science skills throughout their education so that they will be prepared to succeed in an increasingly technology driven economy. The pathway structure empowers young people to find programs that best meet their needs. For Club members who already have some coding proficiency through the Hour of Code or other school programs, the CS Pathway provides additional options to take them further and build on that interest. Boys & Girls Club of New Haven and thirty-one Boys & Girls Clubs across the country will offer four levels of fun and engaging CS curriculum. Pathway delivery and acquired skills build on one another to encourage members to develop passion and proficiencies in coding, over time and at any level.
Based on projections from The Bureau of Labor Statistics, by the year 2020 there will be one million unfilled jobs for computer scientists and programmers, yet many children today still lack access to the tools and resources they need to learn and love computer science. According to ITWorld.com, people with a Computer Science degree are expected to earn some of the highest starting salaries of any field of study. “Thanks to CS Pathway, we will be able to help our Club members interact with code and other computer science skills by channeling their personal interests and providing a long-term path to develop programming capabilities over time.”
“Jobs increasingly require critical and computational thinking skills, yet only 25% of high schools in the United States offer computer science,” said Mary Snapp, Corporate Vice President and head of Microsoft Philanthropies. “The Computer Science Pathway is an after-school program that will empower young people from all backgrounds to pursue a broad range of career opportunities, both in technology and otherwise.”
According to STEMConnector.org, STEM jobs in the U.S. are expected to grow nearly twice as fast as other fields by 2018. By 2020, one million jobs will likely go unfilled due to a lack of computer science skills. The CS Pathway curriculum taps into engaging content like gaming and app development to introduce more underrepresented youth, of all ages, to computer science skills.
Boys & Girls Clubs of America serves nearly four million youth through Club membership and community outreach annually. CS Pathway is part of Boys & Girls Clubs of America’s strategy aimed at ensuring all members graduate from high school on time, are ready for a post-secondary education, and a 21st century career.
The Boys & Girls Club of New Haven provides programs full of education and enrichment for children and families, especially those from low-income households. Most importantly, the Club helps those who need it most! Our Club reaches out to kids who cannot afford, or may lack access to, other community programs.
Our Club is open every day, after school, when kids have free time and need positive productive outlets. We currently serve over 1000 youth through various programs. Nearly 350 youth benefit from our programs daily. Over 54% of our members come from low-income households.
Copyright 2013 Boys and Girls Club of New Haven. All Rights Reserved. Site designed by iMission Partners
If you, relatives & friends would like to get a healthier body for continuing Dhamma practice in a longer period, please come to meet at the Gathering Venue by 2 pm & climb together up & down. Sadhu !
Cheng Beng Blood Donation Campaign, Mahayana Buddhist Chanting, Dhamma Talk in April in memory of Departed Ones
Blood Donation Campaign & Mahayana Buddhist Chanting & Dhamma Talk in October in memory of Departed Ones.
Opened in 2006 as OKC community boathouse, the Chesapeake Boathouse anchors the district and is headquarters for RIVERSPORT community rowing, kayaking, dragon boating, cycling,...
The Tulsa Rowing Club was founded in 1983 and has rowed on several area lakes in Tulsa county. In 1990, a boathouse was constructed on Zink Lake near downtown Tulsa and a...
Перевести страницу Arabic Bulgarian Chinese Simplified Chinese Traditional Czech Danish Dutch English French German Hebrew Greek Italian Latvian Lithuanian Hindi Japanese Korean Norwegian Polish Portuguese Romanian Russian Spanish Swedish Serbian Slovak Slovenian Ukrainian Vietnamese
Google play gift cards are used to buy the content from the Google play store. Google play gift card gives…
Mark your calendars and plan to participate in our Serving Our Generation Missions Yard Sale and FREE Community Car Wash!
Sign up by emailing Christie to participate in an overnight stay at the Samaritan Ministries Shelter on Friday, June 26th from 7 PM until 7 AM.
Once you sign up you will receive a FAQ sheet and a few other important pieces of information related to your stay from Christie.
Many thanks to Herman for helping us learn CPR and for giving us an incredible discount on the cost of our class.
We will have another CPR Class in the future, if you are interested in signing up, please email Christie.
We welcome you to join us for our regularly scheduled services on Sunday at 11:00 AM or Wednesday for Bible Study at 7:30 PM. Please click here for directions.
Mission Senegal Update - 4 Baptized in JESUS NAMEI recently baptized a mother and her three children in the wonderful name of Jesus. What is amazing about this story is that abou...
Summer Is Here - Summer is here! Summer brings staycations, vacations and more time with the family. It is so easy to get busy, sometimes too busy for daily devotion. Let's...
Help Us Save Lives! - We will be hosting our Second Annual Blood Drive in Winston-Salem on Saturday, February 13th from 9:30 AM until 1:30 PM. Please sign up to ...
So, Easter has come and gone so we thought we could post a quick update as to what has been going on.
We went to Maryville on Friday and Saturday to visit with Lindsey's family. Here's a picture of McKenzie getting ready to go...
Friday night we went out with a bunch of the Maryville gang. It was nice to go out to dinner and hang out without worrying about the girls for a while.
Saturday, the family came over and we had dinner and an easter egg hunt. Each of the kids was supposed to get 19 eggs but apparently someone miscounted how many we started with. Whoops.
We came home Saturday night so we could go to our church on Sunday. The girls got new easter dresses to wear. Here are a few pictures of them modeling.
We had lunch at my parent's house and the girls really racked up on candy and clothes. Like, a ton of stuff. I think we're all set for 9 month stuff. Yay.
On Monday, Molly had her follow-up appointment with Dr. Parsons the cardiologist. Molly got to do an EKG and a chest x-ray. We went ahead and got her hip x-rays done today too since we'll be back at the hospital for that visit on Thursday. Anyway, the holter monitor results from a few weeks ago showed less than 1500 PVCs (premature heartbeats) in 24 hours. There also were no back-to-back PVCs on the test. This is a really good thing and typically means that the baby is perfectly normal and the PVCs are just something they'll grow out of. The EKG only showed 1 PVC in the 2 minutes they did the test. So, the doctor has scheduled us to do another holter test in 4 months or so. If it's normal, we don't have to go back anymore. Yay! Maybe one specialist down...
On a side note, Molly got measured and weighed today. She was up to 15 pounds 4 ounces and 25 inches long. That's an increase of almost 2 pounds in three weeks.
So, one more doctor visit this week then the big Birmingham trip next week for McKenzie. Anyone have any recommendations for restaurants and stuff? We'll be staying in the Five Points area downtown near UAB.
Can I just say that my son only weighs 14 lbs and 4 ozs at 7 1/2 months.....he is a skinny little thing 5% in weight at 6 months.....which is funny considering he started out at 8lbs and 12 ozs....
The cartoons a lovely family consisting of a couple and two granddaughters. These drawings have been donated to the wedding of the couple. Cartoons made in workshop drawings, hand, pastel and ink drawing photographs provided.
Seeyond is the volatility management and structured product investment division of Natixis Asset Management. To meet the challenges of growing correlation and volatility, Seeyond implements a set of strategies that go beyond conventional active management: Learn more
Emergency liferafts are painful maritime safety investments to purchase. You buy them and at the same time pray you will never ever need them. Add to that category boat towing service, EPIRBs, flares, flare guns, and whistles, DAN (Diver’s Assist Network) and boat insurance, when we’re required to carry it.
In all honesty, we should’ve purchased a liferaft earlier. We were less compelled as our past travels kept us always within a day sail of land, in areas well-populated with other boaters. Admittedly our delay was also due in part because for us it’s far less painful to pay “boat bucks” (measured in increments of $1,000 or more a pop) for something expensive, like a dinghy (our West Marine 10 ½ foot hypalon inflatable boat with a zippy fiberglass bottom) that we us regularly as our “car” from our boat, to land when at anchor or mooring ball). And while we’re notoriously frugal (some might say cheap) our oversized, non-dragging, rock-solid Rocna anchor wasn’t cheap, either, but it’s worth every penny to sleep well at night. The list goes on (and on and on). In any case, the purchase for a LOT of those delayed our purchase of a life raft. I’m not proud of it, but there it is.
In case of our Revere Offshore Commander Liferaft, we were fortunate enough to get a West Marine Pro Deal as a West Marine employee (again – thank you West Marine for significantly lowering my price on a product that normally retails for over $2899 + 7% sales tax) from the nice folks at Jacksonville Florida-based Revere Survival Products. We emptied our wallet and opened our lazarette to safely stow the 67-pound raft.
We could’ve shaved 14 lbs off the weight the Offshore Elite, which came with other nice bells and whistles, but didn’t fit our already busted budget. I made sure I can lug it out myself, if need be.
The liferaft will only be deployed if we abandon ship. If that catastrophe happens, we’ll have some comfort knowing we bought the correct offshore raft, the roomier 4-man Revere Offshore Commander, to meet our needs. It’s covered to protect us from wind, rain and sun, chock full of rations (to be supplemented by our pre-packed ditch back and our laminated checklist of other items to grab at the last minute).
For those of you who care about your cruising safety, don’t wait to the last minute if you want one! Generally liferafts can only be ground shipped. Despite working at a 40,000 square feet flagship West Marine with ample stock, even at our store, liferafts are normally special orders rather than on-shelf stock. Regrettably, when I worked at West Marine Jacksonville Town Center there were a few times cruisers leaving that or the next day came in to buy a life raft. I turned them away, not knowing that there was a local manufacturer a phone call away! Rich, if you’re reading this post, my apologies to you and Revere for a lost sale or two and please spread the word to Jacksonville’s West Marine employees! Thank you Trey Hawkins on West Marine's New Brunswick store for tipping me off to Revere in Jacksonville.
Thanks as well, Kini, for the Revere Survival Products factory tour, even though you were getting settled after moving to your new digs just one week prior. We appreciate your taking the time to advise us on understanding the tradeoffs to select what we believe is the right liferaft for our offshore cruising needs. Most of all, we thank you and Revere for a well-made liferaft we hope and pray we never, ever need to use.
Our boat's in Manatee Pocket (N26.59.098 W78.12.951), Stuart Florida. It’s a good take-out point and rent a car to make one last visit to Mom, in DelRay Beach Florida, and Dad, in Sarasota Florida) before leaving the country for 2 years, headed to, through and across the South Pacific for Australia.
Labels: boat upgrades, cruising planning, cruising safety, emergency liferaft for cruising, Jacksonville FL, Revere Survival Products, sailing South Pacific, West Marine
If your dream is sailing away from it all, literally, and are curious how that dream can become a reality, you've come to the right place.
The boat left of One People, m/v Lawilin was my ride from Port Vila, Efate, to Lenakel, Tanna Vanuatu and back. Never could get...
METROPOLIS GREENS GEN TRIAS CAVITE along Governor's Drive gate beside Gentri Gen.Hospital / Waltermart developed by Sta Lucia Realty
Price P2,650,000 to P3,650,000 depending on lot area 10% Down Balance up to 20 yrs to pay thru Bank Financing
Price Php7,500/sqm + 500/sqm for corner lots 20% Down 10% Disc on Down with in 7dys Bal 5-10yrs to pay 1st yr 0 interest
Ars Nova Workshop is proud to announce a groundbreaking partnership with the Broad Street Ministry. As BSM practices what they term “Radical Hospitality,” ANW brings the international trio Hear In Now to perform for BSM’s guests and collaborate with them in making music—a practice that opens hearts, minds, and imaginations.
Ars Nova Workshop is pleased to announce the return of The October Revolution of Jazz & Contemporary Music, a four-day international music festival featuring some of the most groundbreaking and uncategorizable artists in modern music.
Ars Nova Workshop is gearing up for our next big event: “Lovers (for Philadelphia),” a project with Nels Cline that we commissioned with a grant from the Pew Center for Arts & Heritage (click for details of the June 2 event at Union Transfer on the sidebar).
The October Revolution of Jazz & Contemporary Music, a four-day (Oct. 5-8, 2017) music festival presented by Ars Nova Workshop, in collaboration with FringeArts, has confirmed several additional artists for its inaugural lineup. More artists will be added in the coming weeks. The current performers are listed below.
The Art Ensemble of Chicago: a rare appearance from the influential ensemble that recently celebrated its 50th anniversary
Cortex: an extremely rare stateside appearance by this “high-velocity” (Chicago Reader) Norwegian jazz quartet
Karuna: a longstanding duo featuring Chicago percussionist Hamid Drake and Adam Rudolph with special guest and Eternal Wind member Ralph Miles Jones III
John Luther Adams: a performance of the Pulitzer Prize and Grammy Award winning artist’s “Across the Distance” featuring members of Orchestra 2001
Claire Chase: MacArthur Fellow, International Contemporary Ensemble (ICE) founder, and “young star of the modern flute” (The New Yorker)
Zeena Parkins / Brian Chase Duo: a new duo featuring the acclaimed harpist and drummer best known for collaborations with Bjork and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs
David Torn’s Sun of Goldfinger: the guitar virtuoso, best known for his work with David Bowie, hits the stage with Tim Berne and Ches Smith
Ars Nova Workshop (ANW) is excited to announce a new partnership with the Ardmore Music Hall (AMH), enabling the two entities to present the biggest names in contemporary jazz to audiences in and outside of Philadelphia. The partnership kicks off with three performances featuring some of the most impressive names in modern jazz, including icons such as Bill Frisell, Jack DeJohnette, John Scofield, and John Medeski, as well as the final Philadelphia-area performance of The Bad Plus’ original line-up. All of these not-to-be-missed performances spotlight boundary-stretching artists who bring together the sounds of contemporary jazz with classic rock, folk, country and other influences that fit well with the mission and history of the Ardmore Music Hall.
The Ardmore Music Hall has quickly established itself as a premiere landing spot for many renowned, local, and national touring musical acts. Due to its geographic location on the Main Line and a calendar full of a diverse range of artists, AMH draws from virtually every demographic group in the Greater Philadelphia area. The room holds as much history as any local venue in Philadelphia or the surrounding suburbs; and, since 2013, Ardmore Music Hall has hosted artists the likes of George Clinton & P-Funk, Maceo Parker, Bad Brains’ HR, Victor Wooten, Snarky Puppy, Rebirth Brass Band, Adrian Belew, the Sun Ra Arkestra, members of the Grateful Dead and Phish, Digable Planets, and many more.
“For years, Ars Nova has sought to expand our programming to assure that our modern jazz heroes and legacy artists have a stable and accommodating environment that elevates and respects their extraordinary work,” says ANW founder and Artistic Director Mark Christman, “and we couldn’t be more excited about partnering with Ardmore Music Hall, who shares our commitment and passion.”
"It's a thrill for us to more aggressively pursue some of the greatest jazz icons in the world, knowing that we've got a partner in Ars Nova. They will not only be instrumental in reaching core jazz fanatics in the Philly area but will also bring years of event production expertise and great contributions to the overall fan and musician experiences for these events. To kick off the partnership with Bill Frisell, John Medeski, John Scofield and Jack DeJohnette among others, will be a wonderful honor for Ardmore and a terrific personal reward for us the fans,” add Chris Perella, Talent Buyer and Co-Owner of Ardmore Music Hall.
The new partnership will launch on Saturday, September 16 with iconic guitarist Bill Frisell’s new quartet Harmony, featuring vocalist Petra Haden, cellist Hank Roberts and bassist Luke Bergman. A sprawling and evocative trip through the landscape of American music of the last century, Harmony is a new group that continues Frisell’s career-long exploration of the breadth and scope of American music. Drawing on influences from folk, bluegrass and country as well as jazz, Harmony brings together collaborators from throughout Frisell’s notable career: vocalist Petra Haden, who has performed extensively in duos with the guitarist as well as on his movie-music tribute When You Wish Upon a Star; Roberts, whose association with Frisell spans three decades, dating back to the 1987 ECM release Lookout for Hope; and Bergman, a fellow member of the University of Washington Jazz Studies faculty and member of the Cuong Vu Group, which has recorded with Frisell.
ANW and AMH then team up on Sunday, October 1 with The Bad Plus, in what will be the revered trio’s final Philadelphia-area performance with co-founding pianist Ethan Iverson. The Bad Plus came together at the end of the 20th century and has avoided easy categorization ever since, winning critical hosannas and a legion of fans worldwide with their creativity, unique sound and flair for live performance – not to mention their irreverent, power-trio reimagining of classic rock songs from “Smells Like Teen Spirit” to “Iron Man.” Since coming together as a collective trio 17 years ago, The Bad Plus has been considered among the tightest, hardest-working bands in the world, without a line-up change or even a one-night substitution in 17 years. That all changes in 2018, however, when Ethan Iverson moves on to new horizons and Orrin Evans steps in, making this performance a crucial opportunity to catch the band in its original form.
On Wednesday, October 11, ANW and AMH will present the Philadelphia debut of HUDSON, the new supergroup featuring Hudson River Valley residents Jack DeJohnette, John Scofield, John Medeski and Larry Grenadier. The awe-inspiring new quartet brings together four of the world’s most influential musicians—known for their work with Miles Davis, Medeski Martin & Wood, Brad Mehldau and so many others, and all of whom have chosen to call the Valley home, with inspiration from the region’s cultural, musical and environmental history. The group’s extraordinary self-titled debut strikingly captures the atmosphere and beauty of the region while celebrating the indelible music that has emerged from it, mixing original music stamped with the Valley’s rejuvenating essence with thrilling renditions of world-famous songs by the likes of Bob Dylan, Joni Mitchell, Jimi Hendrix and The Band’s Robbie Robertson, Hudson has created an album as spectacular and breathtaking as the area itself.
In advance of the Sun Ra Arkestra's annual Halloween performance, Ars Nova Workshop asked guitarist Nick Millevoi to interview Arkestra guitarist DM Hotep. These two Philadelphia-bassed axe-slingers discussed Hotep's time in the Arkestra and how that has shaped his musical life.
The Sun Ra Arkestra performs at Johnny Brenda's this Monday, Halloween, at 8 pm. Millevoi's band, Desertion Trio, will be featured on the Ars Nova calendar later in the season, performing alongside Nels Cline/Larry Ochs/Gerald Cleaver, also at Johnny Brenda's, on December 11.
Guitarist DM Hotep has been a member of the Sun Ra Arkestra as long as I've been going to see the band play. As a guitar player myself, I've always been intrigued by his unique approach. Using his guitar as a MIDI controller with a stereo amp setup, Hotep seems capable of conjuring any sort of sound out of his guitar from one moment to the next. In a band full of horns, he's an understated presence, often near the back of the bandstand, humbly ripping a hole in the cosmos and contributing doses of sci-fi sonics to the ensemble.
We recently started collaborating in visual artist Erik Ruin's band, Ominous Cloud, and I continue to be enthralled by Hoteps ability to channel the unexpected. We had yet to have a good hang where we talked about the Arkestra and his experience with the group, so I decided to document the conversation. -Nick Millevoi
It was the right person at the right moment at the right space and the right time, you know? It was pretty much that kind of situation.
I got to know the avant garde musicians in Philadelphia through [vibraphonist] Khan Jamal. Khan Jamal, like in the mid-90s/late-90s, he had an organization called Jazz Composer's Forum and it was a big group of musicians who were a little on the avant garde side just looking to workshop their pieces for large ensembles.
I guess I got to know Tyrone Hill [through the Jazz Composer's Forum]. Tyrone Hill was in it and I auditioned for the string section for the Arkestra's big new millennium concert at the Painted Bride. I wasn't initially gonna audition because they were looking for a string section. My girlfriend was like, “You play strings,” and I was like, “Guitar doesn't really count,” and she was like, “It's strings right?” So I ended up getting in the rhythm section and the guys became aware of me. Then, a couple of years later, they needed a guitarist in the band. Charlie Ellerbee was there and I guess he decided he was gonna go in a different direction and they needed an emergency guitarist and called me.
Ars Nova Workshop is proud to announce the British Contemporary Music Festival, a two-day celebration of Britain’s extraordinary contributions to jazz and contemporary music.
Presented in conjunction with the Huddersfield Contemporary Music Festival, the UK’s largest international festival of new and experimental music, the festival presents compositions and performances by some of the leading pioneers of free improvisation and avant-garde composition in the UK. Renowned saxophonist/composer John Butcher will present a scintillating evening-length composition inspired in part by classical Arabic and Sufi music, while the compositional achievements of ground-breaking free improvisers Derek Bailey and Paul Rutherford, many of them world or US premieres, will be realized by a remarkable ensemble of creative musicians from the UK and Philadelphia.
On Friday, June 24 at FringeArts, the festival kicks off with an evening of compositions by guitarist/composer Derek Bailey and trombonist/composer Paul Rutherford, two of the artists who helped lay the foundation for European free improvisation beginning in the 1960s. The program includes the US premiere of Bailey’s realization of Karlheinz Stockhausen’s “Plus-Minus;” the world premiere of “Ping,” Bailey’s transliteration of the titular Samuel Beckett play, and a trio of solo guitar compositions; and the world premiere of a new version of Rutherford’s piece “Quasi-Mode” for 12 players.
Bailey co-founded Incus, the first musician-owned independent record label in the UK, with Evan Parker, Tony Oxley and Michael Walters, while his long-running Company Week festival convened a wide range of improvisers annually for nearly 20 years. Rutherford met drummer John Stevens and saxophonist Trevor Watts in 1958, laying the foundation for European free improvisation through the trio’s experiments with American jazz. He was a member of the Spontaneous Music Ensemble, Barry Guy’s London Jazz Composers’ Orchestra, Globe Unity Orchestra and Keith Tippett’s Centipede, and founded the group Iskra 1903, originally with Barry Guy and Derek Bailey.
On Saturday, June 25 at the Phialdelphia Art Alliance, the festival concludes with saxophonist/composer John Butcher and percussionist Mark Sanders performing Butcher’s hour-long composition Tarab Cuts, which was shortlisted as one of the Best Contemporary Jazz Compositions of the Year in the 2014 British Composer Awards. The concept of “tarab” stems from Arabic classical music and refers to a state of musical ecstasy, a melding of music and emotional transformation.
Butcher earned his PhD in theoretical physics at the University of Surrey in England before turning his full attention to music. He’s since become a vital and prolific contributor to the British contemporary music scene, both as a renowned improviser and composer. He’s well known for his solo work, often employing multitrack effects, extended techniques, and acoustic explorations of his environs. A regular duo partner with Butcher, percussionist Mark Sanders has played with many renowned musicians including Wadada Leo Smith, Derek Bailey, Henry Grimes, Roswell Rudd, Peter Brotzmann, Otomo Yoshihide and William Parker.
Ars Nova Workshop is proud to present its spring 2016 season, a thrillingly eclectic mix of American innovators and European masters.
MacArthur Fellow saxophonist-composer Steve Coleman and his ensemble, Five Elements, are in Philadelphia for a two-week residency. Activities include multi-level workshops, performances, outreach, masterclasses, and more. Events and activities will happen in a variety of locations throughout the city.
The five 3-hour workshops will focus on merging intuitive and logical faculties. Sessions led by Coleman will develop individual work, demonstration, theoretical skills, and listening. Sessions led by the band will focus on ensemble demonstrations, communication, and instrumentation. Includes some public rehearsals and performances. All workshops will be held at the Rigby Mansion in Germantown. Tickets are extremely limited.
“The AACM intends to show how the disadvantaged and disenfranchised can come together and determine their own strategies for political and economic freedom, thereby determining their own destinies.” –Muhal Richard Abrams and John Shenoy Jackson
The Association for the Advancement of Creative Musicians (AACM) is without question one of the most influential music collectives of the 20th and 21st century. As individuals, its members have created singular visions and musical languages that draw on evolving traditions of Jazz, European classical music, and other world music traditions. They have created distinct music that elevates and advances what Robin D.G. Kelley refers to as “the black radical imagination.” As a collective, the AACM has been at the forefront since its inception of community-based, grassroots music education. Its musicians have long recognized the liberatory power of improvisational music to lift up communities and imagine new possibilities when there seems little hope. Historically, the AACM’s members have been active in some of the most revered moments in the development of jazz and experimental music: Chicago in the late-‘50s and ‘60s, the American ex-patriot scene in Paris in the ‘70s, the ‘70s Loft scene in New York, and New York’s Downtown scene of the ‘80s. Today, AACM members teach at some of the most esteemed, progressive music schools in the country, including Columbia, Wesleyan, University of California Irvine, and CalArts.
So much of the music that Ars Nova presents would not exist were it not for the tremendous living legacy of the AACM’s individuals. In 2005, Ars Nova celebrated the AACM’s 40th anniversary of “Great Black Music – Ancient to Future.” Over the past decade, Ars Nova has regularly presented AACM members and their students. To name a few: Muhal Richard Abrams, Roscoe Mitchell, Anthony Braxton, Wadada Leo Smith, Joseph Jarman, Henry Threadgill, the Art Ensemble of Chicago, George Lewis, Leroy Jenkins, and Matana Roberts.
This year, we help celebrate the AACM’s 50th anniversary with two very special concerts. On Friday, June 5, we welcome back Wadada Leo Smith’s Golden Quartet, featuring Anthony Davis (piano), John Lindberg (bass), and Pheeron akLaff (drums). On June 12, Nicole Mitchell (flute), Tomeka Reid (cello), and Mike Reed (drums) make their Philadelphia debut. In addition to their tremendous musical outputs and critical accolades, this trio served on the AACM's executive board from 2009-11, holding the positions of Chairperson, Treasurer and Vice Chairperson respectively. These very special performances are not to be missed.
Ars Nova Workshop is a Philadelphia nonprofit jazz and experimental music presenting organization. ANW informs, inspires, and challenges listeners to elevate the role of jazz, improvisation, and experimental music in contemporary culture. ANW events provide a forum for discourse, emergent trends in contemporary music, and unique forms of cultural exchange, while nurturing a diverse community for innovative music.
How To Shortlist Resumes The Official Recruiter Blog TimesJobs Com News Tips Tricks is part of great design ideas. How To Shortlist Resumes The Official Recruiter Blog TimesJobs Com News Tips Tricks was created by combining fantastic ideas, interesting arrangements, and follow the current trends in the field of that make you more inspired and give artistic touches. We'd be honored if you can apply some or all of these design in your wedding. believe me, brilliant ideas would be perfect if it can be applied in real and make the people around you amazed!
How To Shortlist Resumes The Official Recruiter Blog TimesJobs Com News Tips Tricks was posted in November 5, 2018 at 2:42 pm. How To Shortlist Resumes The Official Recruiter Blog TimesJobs Com News Tips Tricks has viewed by 1 users. Click it and download the How To Shortlist Resumes The Official Recruiter Blog TimesJobs Com News Tips Tricks.
Example, How To Make A Resume For Free Step By Step was posted July 20, 2017 at 9:24 pm by medntech.us . More over How To Make A Resume For Free Step By Step has viewed by 294 visitor.
Format, How To Send Email For Resume was posted May 16, 2016 at 6:36 am by medntech.us . More over How To Send Email For Resume has viewed by 188 visitor.
Statement, How To Write A Mail While Sending Resume was posted November 17, 2017 at 6:12 pm by medntech.us . More over How To Write A Mail While Sending Resume has viewed by 195 visitor.
Letter, How To Do A Reference Page For Resume was posted October 2, 2017 at 4:35 pm by medntech.us . More over How To Do A Reference Page For Resume has viewed by 261 visitor.
Card, How To Write A Resume For Sales Associate was posted April 3, 2017 at 2:51 am by medntech.us . More over How To Write A Resume For Sales Associate has viewed by 259 visitor.
Application, How To Present Your Resume was posted November 25, 2017 at 6:38 am by medntech.us . More over How To Present Your Resume has viewed by 219 visitor.
Business, How To Fill Out A Job Resume was posted October 31, 2017 at 7:05 am by medntech.us . More over How To Fill Out A Job Resume has viewed by 256 visitor.
Resume, How To Make An Easy Resume was posted January 5, 2016 at 6:25 pm by medntech.us . More over How To Make An Easy Resume has viewed by 235 visitor.
Format, How To Write Resume Sending Mail was posted November 8, 2015 at 2:15 pm by medntech.us . More over How To Write Resume Sending Mail has viewed by 187 visitor.
Business, How To Make A Resume For A Job Interview was posted July 5, 2017 at 5:28 am by medntech.us . More over How To Make A Resume For A Job Interview has viewed by 227 visitor.
, we selects the very best selections having greatest quality just for you all, and this photographs is usually one among images libraries in your ideal photographs gallery concerning Es Mini Chart. I’m hoping you can enjoy it.
posted by simply amsafall from 2018-11-05 06:37:27. To discover just about all photos within Es Mini Chart images gallery make sure you abide by this kind of url.
Gentleman/Lady Mens Padders Memory Foam Slippers Wrap Strong heat and wear resistance Cheaper than the price a wide variety of goods,
A brand-new, unused, and unworn item (including handmade items) that is not in original packaging or may be missing original packaging materials (such as the original box or bag). The original tags may not be attached. For example, new shoes (with absolutely no signs of wear) that are no longer in their original box fall into this category. See all condition definitions- opens in a new window or tab
“This award looks at an underrepresented area in photography which has traditionally been overly focused on Western Europe, North America and Japan. There is so much else out there to appreciate, and this should allow us to open our horizons in appreciating and evaluating work beyond what we are used to seeing. I hope the award will broaden how we evaluate and understand photography when it comes from a culture that operates outside of accepted western commercial or art world structures. It should provide a platform for exciting new talents to be recognised and celebrated.”
What do you hope it will achieve in terms of promoting individual artists and the broader African photography landscape to a wider audience?
“Good artists speak to the human condition regardless of where they come from or what medium they use. I hope this prize will bring some highly individual visual artists using photography as their chosen medium of expression into the light. Africa is an enormous place, so there is bound to be a huge variety of talent across the country which just needs a focussed platform such as this to bring creative photographers working today to wider attention outside of its place of origin.”
What is exciting you right now about what’s happening in the contemporary African photography scene and its growing international influence?
“I am more familiar with the scene of contemporary photography in South African than other places on the continent. In Cape Town and Johannesburg, there is a vibrant and highly articulate group of international quality artists and supportive galleries who have shown the world what a unique and powerful voice they have. Artists there use the long history of colonialism, conflict, difference, diversity and reconciliation to inspire new works that are socially and artistically relevant today. They have often adopted and revitalized the visual language of ethnography and anthropology in exciting new ways. Their works enter into contemporary debate about the politics of the body, identity and society in thoughtful and provocative ways.”
“I co-founded Nataal as a way to collaborate with the swell of talented emerging African creatives around the world. As such, I support the AMW Photography Prize and its vision to give much needed visibility and support to photographic artists, both in Africa and the diaspora, whose work deserves to be celebrated. I hope this initiative becomes a meaningful annual moment in the UK’s art calendar that puts new names on the map.”
“I’m very excited to be involved with such a great competition and platform. Opportunities like Africa MediaWorks Photography Prize are so important for artists working in this medium. This is great way to celebrate and encourage African artists in the Western sphere.
“Sometimes, when you think of African photography, you think of photojournalism, and that has led to an often-negative portrayal of African culture. But photography has the ability to tell balanced and broad stories from any region, culture and nation.
“I’m so excited by contemporary African artists. Through photography, we can encourage an understanding of the complexities of our culture, identity and history. Cameras are so much more accessible to African people on a street level, so art is more accessible. It’s a medium that allows us to connect.”
A lot of individuals are similar to me where when I began this personal development journey, it all ‘sounded nice’ to me but they were not ideas I had ever embodied and so I tried and tried to love me and did all the things to which I constantly ended up punishing me and feeling like a failure because none of it appeared to be working.
And so when I attempted to do the meditating, journaling, affirming and you name it, I had tried it, it all seemed to fail me.
That’s because I was reading, listening and following instructions but there was one crucial component missing. I wasn’t accepting the love I was giving me.
Because you could tell someone you love them and show them you love them and demonstrate it over and over again but until they acknowledge and accept that love you’re giving them – it’s just words and actions to them. And that acceptance HAS TO BE a CHOICE they make for them.
So when we redirect the concept to loving ourselves you can now understand why it might feel like you’re lacking something. You are! You are missing one key step in the process. That step is the mere acknowledgement and acceptance of that which you’re doing, saying and thinking.
If you’re in search of self-love/worth/care processes to help you better connect with your mind, body and soul as well as understand your emotions and how to implement these things into your life so they work for you, my inner genius membership is the place for you. A do-it-yourself space for go-getters who want the guidance and support at their fingertips as needed with access to over 35 alphabetized spiritual teachings, processes and how-to’s to move you through your life and relationships with much more ease and trust! Plus my infamous daily routine known as the pathway to success as well as my private daily journal entries showing you how I personally navigate and move through my life implementing everything I teach you. Find out more details about becoming a member today here at just $47/month.
As a Spiritual Life + Relationship Adviser, Published Author, Reiki Master Practitioner & Ordained Minister, my divine gift is the power of simplicity. I bring you clarity by putting words to your feelings and simplifying the heaviness in your life. I am known for my powerful honesty, transparency & laugh out loud approach to spiritual guidance.
This week on Naught the guys discuss medical technology breakthroughs, security issues, games and movies.
I pomised you i`ll post something handmade.I used to keep all my accessories in biscuits boxes...i know it`s lame...but in 2012 i moved into a new apartament so i decided to not punish my earring and necklaces by hanging them on a string (my bracelets are still in a whiskey box...don`t judge..i`m only human :)))) ). If you want to make something similar to mine go ahead and buy some simple picture frames, some wire,nails and lace, napkins to match the colors of your room and some adhesive...and just try to use your imagination.
Here`s a tutorial on how to learn the technique.It doesn`t need to be perfect just have fun with it.If you don`t have time you can just paint the frames..Good luck!
My name is Sofia and i live in a beautiful city (Sibiu) from Romania.I will try to show you my style (that can be composed not only by expensive items) and what i like or what i don`t.If you have questions leave a comment and i`ll respond as soon as i can!
"Yorgos Lanthimos’s taboo horror The Killing of a Sacred Deer moves with a somnambulist’s certainty along its own distinctive spectrum of weird."
What is involved? Apply now Next Training Dates Fees & Payments North Manchester Location South Manchester Location Carlisle Location Kendal Location Liverpool Location Preston Location Shrewsbury Location Wirral Location Isle of Man Location
Helen is currently running Lightning Process seminars in Manchester, Lancashire, Cumbria and Shropshire
Helen James is a fully qualified Lightning Process Advanced Practitioner, she has many years experience in helping people that have the following conditions:
Helen James Lightning Process Advanced Practitioner, 2 Bentley Lane, Bury, Manchester, BL9 6RZ. Phone: 0161 764 7729
If you are already logged on and wish to sign out, please click on "Sign out" on the top-right part of the page.
"ATHENS EXCHANGE" (ATHEX) was founded on 1.8.1995 in accordance with law 2324/95 (Government Gazette 146/17.7.95).. The headquarters of the company are in the Municipality of Athens and its offices are located at 110 Athinon Ave, 10442 Athens.
The General Electronic Commercial Registry (GEMI) Number of the company was 3782001000 (former Companies Register No 33940/06/Β/95/23).
It was a 100% subsidiary of Hellenic Exchanges S.A. with which it merged in December 2013. (see the relevant announcement here)
The purpose of the company was the Organization and support of the operation of stock and derivatives markets as well as other financial instruments.
Ενημερωτικό Δελτίο της εταιρίας ΓΕΚ ΤΕΡΝΑ ΑΝΩΝΥΜΗ ΕΤΑΙΡΕΙΑ ΣΥΜΜΕΤΟΧΩΝ ΑΚΙΝΗΤΩΝ ΚΑΤΑΣΚΕΥΩΝ, για τη Δημόσια Προσφορά στην Ελλάδα με καταβολή μετρητών και την εισαγωγή προς διαπραγμάτευση στην κατηγορία Τίτλων Σταθερού Εισοδήματος της Οργανωμένης Αγοράς του Χ.Α. των Ομολογιών της.
Resolution 2 (AthexClear) - Procedure for acquiring the capacity of Clearing Member in the Securities System and in the Derivatives System, resignation from the capacity of Clearing Member and other related issues 21-05-2018
Resolution 5 (AthexClear) - Risk management procedures in the Derivatives System and other relates issues 27-11-2017
∞ Intelligent.Charger will automatically check the output current when the output current exceeds a safe value ,
When the battery compartment battery installed backwards , the charger will automatically cut off the power supply.
In the fast- charging battery is fully charged when the charger will automatically turn from the constant current constant voltage charging
(charging current is slowly getting smaller ) , leading to reduce the charge to prevent overcharging the battery life. F
Charger will automatically check the output current when the output current exceeds a safe value , the charger will automatically cut off the power supply.
~ When the battery voltage 4.1V ≦ Vb ≦ 4.2V, the battery enters the constant voltage state of charge, and the typical constant voltage charge is 4.15V.
AUGIENB WH02 Portable Smart Hydrogen-Rich Cup Water Generator Ionizer Maker Healthy Alkaline Energy Cup Water Bottle
' : ''; var month = [1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12]; var month2 = ["Jan","Feb","Mar","Apr","May","Jun","Jul","Aug","Sep","Oct","Nov","Dec"]; var day = postdate.split("-")[2].substring(0,2); var m = postdate.split("-")[1]; var y = postdate.split("-")[0]; for(var u2=0;u2
السيو تعني تحسين محركات البحث ، و على رأسها ” جوجل ” . محركات البحث من أهم مصادر الزيارات لأي موقع ، و لذا فأن أصحاب المواقع يحرصون على جعل موقعهم متوافق مع محركات البحث بما يعرف ب ” سيو ” ، لكل محرك بحث متطلبات في المواقع ليظهره للباحثين فيه .
In apnea’s deep diving, the diver must master the pressure equalization. In contrast to apnea divers, scuba divers have the advantage of being able to vary their descent and ascent rate almost as freely as possible during a dive. They carry enough air. If you are experiencing problems with the equalization due to the increased environmental pressure, you can slow down or reverse the descent. After you have adapted to the increased ambient pressure, you can continue your dive.
Apnea divers do not have an unlimited air supply. If they have problems with the descent, this usually results in aborting the dive. In addition, the dive speed is significantly higher. When the diver is going down, it’s done with the head down. Pressing air from lungs into tubes is harder than with head up. All this is why it is extremely important for Apnea to master pressure equalization. In the following, I would like to introduce the most common pressure equalization methods.
It is common to all methods of equalization that the higher the pressure differential between the external pressure (water) and the internal pressure (the ear tubes / inner ear / frontal sinuses) is, the more difficult the compensation is. Therefore pressure equalization must be carried out at an early stage. The first pressure compensation may already be performed on the surface. You can dive with minimal overpressure in ear tubes. During the first 10 meters the pressure compensation must be carried out much more frequently. From the surface to 10 meters of water depth the air volume is compressed to half. At 20 meters the air volume is compressed to one third. The volume difference is less from 10 to 20 meters – and decreases continuously.
The most well-known method of pressure equalization is the Vasalva maneuver. In doing so, the nose is closed and air is pressed from the lungs into the pharynx and ear tubes. The advantage is that the pressure compensation is easy to learn. The disadvantage is that especially beginners do not dose the pressure and do too hard. Consequences could be a barotrauma.
An advanced method of pressure compensation is the Frenzel maneuver. The air is pressed from the lungs into the ear tubes, with the tongue base. The advantage is that the air can be displaced more finely. In addition, the pressure compensation can be performed almost continuously. You can check if you are doing Frenzel by trying pressure compensation with open mouth. When you succeed, you are doing Frenzel. If not, you are doing Vasalva.
At depths where no air can be pressed from the lungs into the pharynx and ear tubes, the Mouth Fill is used. In this case, air is already displaced from the lungs into the throat space or jaws at lower depths (around 25 meters or less). In depth, air can now be pressed into the ear tubes similar to the Frenzel maneuver, but now air is not drawn from the lung, but from the mouth, and in doing so, the jaw muscles are contracted. The advantage is that this also works in depths beyond 30 meters.
Few divers master the Delonca maneuver. Here the ear tubes can be kept open. This can be practiced. Try to activate the muscles that are used exactly in the moment when the ears open when yawning.
This page is optimized for learning, testing, and training. While using this site, you agree to have read and accepted our terms of use, privacy policy and legal notice. Copyright 2017 by Maik Heller. All Rights Reserved.
The admin panel is the area on your website through which you edit the content and functionality of your website. Your admin panel will be branded and customized to fit your website management needs.
The Adobe Creative Suite is a collection of software commonly used for website design and development. The most popular software in the Adobe Creative Suite includes Acrobat, Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, After Effects, and Dreamweaver. You may visit their website here.
Advertising is the form of communication evoked when persuading a particular group, often targeted customers, to perform a specific action such a purchasing a product or conforming to an ideal.
To use your website most effectively, you need to know how much traffic your website is receiving, where the traffic is originating, what pages are being viewed, what people are searching and what links are being clicked. Each website comes equipped with an analytics platform intended to display this information in your administration dashboard.
Anchor text is the readable portion of a hyperlink. For instance, a company may have a link to their website that reads the company’s name (Apogee Design Systems). The company’s name is the anchor text.
The Apogee is the greatest distance an object will reach from the focal point of its elliptical orbit.
Taking phone calls and answering streams of email to make a simple appointment can be incredibly time consuming and prevent you from accomplishing more important tasks. Integrating an online form through which your customers may book appointments is a simple method of streamlining this process and freeing more of your time.
aWeber is a popular email marketing software company featuring newsletters, customizable website sign up forms, auto-responders, and performance tracking. You may visit their website here.
Bing is the second most popular search engine and twenty-second most visited website world-wide with approximately 165 billion unique monthly users. You may visit their website here.
Bitcoin is a virtual, currently unregulated currency that may be exchanged for goods and services through online outlets.
Whether you have a special interest or want to publish content for search engine ranking purposes, each website we build comes with blog capabilities. We use the WordPress blogging platform that is easily customizable to fit your specific needs, topic and category structure, and ranks well in search engines.
Branding is the embodiment of a business’s personality, identity, and the feelings evoked when it’s name, logo, sales materials, or any other information identifiable to the company is seen. Have you ever noticed that when you see red and yellow, you immediately think of the golden arches? Or have you ever experienced a calming sensation from seeing blue and white tones in a logo? Billions of dollars have been spent researching the use and affects of colors, shapes, and fonts in logos and other branding materials. Much can be gleaned from what Fortune 100 companies choose to integrate into their branding, but they don’t have to be the only one’s to take advantage of their research. Individuals, small businesses, and corporations alike may all make use of effective, consistent branding. Starting with the logo and continuing through the sale and customer service, your brand is a part of every stage of the business process.
A browser is a software application that retrieves data from the Internet and presents the information in website form. The most popular browsers are Safari, Chrome, Internet Explorer, Firefox, and Opera.
A web cache is the temporary storage of files such as web pages and images to increase speed and performance of the website being viewed. The cache also serves to decrease the amount of bandwidth being used and reduce strain on the server that is hosting the website. When editing a website or blog post, it is recommended to clear the cache frequently. Some browsers categorize this function under ‘browsing data.’
A marketing campaign is a strategically selected group of tasks that will be performed over a specific duration in order to increase traffic to a website. Common types of marketing campaigns are search engine optimization campaigns, pay-per-click campaigns, social media campaigns, and email marketing campaigns.
Categorizes are a function in the WordPress dashboard that allows the user to group together related posts and display them accordingly on the website. Categories make it easier for the end user to find relevant content when visiting a business’s website.
Cause Marketing is a promotion or campaign that promises to donate proceeds from the campaign, in whole or in part, to a charity, organization, field of study, or other type of cause.
Child pages are the second tier of pages located in the menu of a website. The first tier, or the most prominently listed pages on a website, are called parent pages. Child pages are used to categorize or go into more detail on major points made on the parent page. For example, a child page might be a page or group of pages dedicated to describing each individual service a company offers under the ‘Services’ parent page.
Chrome is Google’s free web browser and is currently the most used browser in the world with approximately 39% share. It is used most widely in Europe, Asia, South America, and Australia. Recently, Google has begun offering their Chromebook that operates on the cloud through the Chrome browser. You may visit their website here.
The ‘Cloud’ is the name given to the process of storing data remotely instead of on the user’s local computer or server. Users typically access data through a web browser, mobile application, or desktop application by creating an account and signing in. The data is hosted on a server or group of servers in one or more remote locations.
A comment is a response left on a blog, social media platform, or other forum. Good comments reinforce or disagree with the host topic, or might also bring up a related point not mentioned previously. Bad comments and spam are disinteresting or unrelated, and used frequently to direct traffic to a third party website.
Constant Contact is an email marketing company with features such as customizable templates, list management, social media integration, reporting, event promotion, and polling. You may visit their website here.
Content is the information presented on a website. Content may be presented in text, photographic, video, or audio form. Common content on a website includes information about the company, its products or services, contact information, location and hours, and photographs of the staff or products.
Content encryption is the process of protecting the text, photos or videos used on your website. Those who might primarily consider content encryption are those in creative industries such as those with extensive display of design or galleries, or those with extensive, informative content through a blog, research, tutorials, white papers, and other resources. Content encryption ensures no one surfing the Internet will be able to steal your research, photos, or other content through screen capture, copy and paste, or any other method. Content may still be made searchable through major search engines such as Google, Yahoo, and Bing, as well as the search function included on the website.
A content management system is an interface through which an individual or group may make changes to a website without editing the code. A CMS frequently contains editable fields through which the user may add text, photos, or videos to pages or posts on the website, as well as manage settings and plug-ins that add extra features to the website. WordPress, Joomla, Drupal, and Magento are commonly used content management systems.
Content Marketing is a form of communication with a readership base through which an author creates a wealth of articles containing quality information on a relevant topic to be distributed over a specific duration of time. High quality content is a core component of many search engine optimization, social media, and email marketing campaigns.
Consulting is the process of advising an individual or group on how to best utilize resources in order to accomplish a specific task, objective, or goal.
Each website we design contains a basic contact form through which customers can contact the company though much more can be communicated through contact forms. If you have registration forms, collect information for new customers, or have online applications, these can all be fluently embedded into the website for easy submission and collection of information.
It can be difficult and time consuming to generate the content that will appear on your website. While we require assistance in some areas such as information about your company and the products or services you provide, we can write content for the rest of the website in such a way that encourages your customers to take action on the information they consume.
A cover image is the photo seen at the top of a Facebook profile or fan page. A cover image is used to portray relevant information about the person or company who owns the page. For example, the cover image found on our Facebook page displays three of the websites we have developed as seen from the screen of a desktop, tablet and smartphone.
The Creative Commons is a non-profit organization that provides media for personal and commercial use free of charge.You may visit their website here.
CSS is the language used to dictate the look, feel, and formatting of a document written in a markup language such as HTML. The two functions are separately commonly to reduce complexity of use and because CSS may be applied to multiple documents or pages at the same time.
Design broadly refers to the process of creating the visual, aesthetic pieces of a website including creating the color scheme, choosing fonts, determining the arrangement of information on the page, and other subtle visual effects.
Development broadly refers to the process of coding website pages and adding and formatting content.
The domain name is an Internet address, commonly of a website. For example, our domain name is ‘http://apogeedesignsystems.com/‘. The last part of the domain (in this example, it is ‘com’) is called the ‘top level domain.’
Domain registration is the process of purchasing an Internet address for your business’s website. Common domain registrars, the company through which you purchase the domain, include domain.com and namecheap.com.
A display broadly refers to a device that has the ability to present digitally transmitted information on a screen. Computer monitors, televisions, and calculators are examples.
The draft button on your page or post dashboard provides you with the ability to save a work in progress before publishing. If you are uninspired, get distracted, or are otherwise unable to complete your post or page, you may simply save as a draft and finish it later.
Dreamweaver is a popular web development application in the Adobe Creative Suite. It includes a code and WYSIWYG editor to allow the user to simply navigate large strings of code.
Drupal is a popular open source content management system released in 2001. It’s most recent release was Drupal 7 in 2011. It is a widely used CMS for personal and professional uses. The website for the White House was developed in Drupal.You may visit their website here.
An e-commerce website is one through which a company sells a service package, product or products online. In combination with online marketing, e-commerce websites are an excellent method to automate the sales process and increase revenues. Since e-commerce stores require payment gateways and inventories might range from multiple of the same product, a variety of handmade products, or thousands of products stored in a database and warehouse, the needs of each customer seeking an e-commerce website are addressed on a per-case basis. Payment gateways may include basic payment processing through PayPal or more advanced processing through companies such as Authorize.net.
Whether you want more people to read your blog or you want to reward your customer base with the most up-to-date announcements, events, and specials you have to offer, e-mail marketing is an excellent method of staying in contact with your most loyal customers. All websites include an e-mail opt-in for your users to subscribe to your e-mail list. Once subscribed, you have a direct pipeline to your customers’ inbox.
All websites should contain some form of lead capture whether it is through a basic contact form, email opt-in, widget, or pop-up. Many customers who regularly post new blogs and those who have multiple lead capture microsites utilize the email opt-in to gather the names and email addresses of those who frequent the website or want additional information. Also, Lead Capture.
Whether your business advertises specials, events, and discounts, or you are part of an organization that needs to communicate events to your community, events calendars can be used to fill different needs. Calendars can be customized to allow multiple users and can notify designated parties when new events are listed.
The Exchange Server is a mail, calendar, and contact management platform developed by Microsoft the runs on the Windows operating system. The term may be used more broadly to apply to similar platforms.
Facebook is the most popular social network and second most popular website in the world behind google.com. After its founding in 2004, Facebook went public in 2012 and currently maintains over 1 billion users.You may visit their website here.
A favicon, short for ‘favorites icon’, is the small image seen in a browser tab next to the title of the webpage. Most companies use a small version of their logo, typically 16 by 16 px.
The featured image on your page or post dashboard provides you the ability to select a photo that will be prominently positioned on the post and on previews of the post.
Features refer to the different pieces of functionality and benefits offered in reference to your website.
Firefox is a popular open source web browser developed by Mozilla. It is the third most popular browser behind Chrome and Internet Explorer and is the most popular browser used in Africa and parts of Europe.You may visit their website here.
FourSquare is a mobile social networking platform that allows users to ‘check in’ to an establishment. Users are rewarded points and frequently compete with friends to accumulate the most check-ins. The user with the most check-ins at a given establishment is dubbed the ‘mayor’. You may visit their website here.
A framework is a prebuilt platform intended to simplify development of a website, software application, content management system, or other application.
Google + is the social network created by Google in 2011 with about 500 million users. Their goal was to create a social layer to their other services. You may visit their website here.
Google Adsense is Google’s advertising platform which targets the content of the website being viewed to display relevant advertisements. You may visit their website here.
Google Adwords is the most advanced pay-per-click engine in the world. Users may select to advertise their website when users search for specific terms on search engines. Pay-per-click ads are most frequently seen to the right, above, and below organic search results on search engine results pages (SERPs). You may visit their website here.
Also, Google Local and Google Places. While not every business or organization has a bricks and mortar location, those who do can easily show their customers where they are located through embedding Google Maps into their website. Google Maps also may be programmed to provide directions from a specific location entered by the customer to the store location.
Graphic design is the process of developing a company’s brand. From the logo, business cards, sales materials, signs, and so on, good graphic design delivers a strong, consistent message to your customers, communicating your company identity, ideas, and personality. When someone hands you a cheap business card, it reflects poorly on the company. If a company won’t spend the money to present a professional appearance, you subconsciously know they won’t spend the money necessary to provide a quality product or service. It’s important to understand the feelings evoked when speaking to potential customers. Professional graphic design is a small price to pay for the confidence that your customers will respond positively when they step in your store or you present them with your business card or other sales materials. Common graphic design requests include: business cards, sales brochures, flyers, letterhead, envelopes, banners, signs, vehicle wraps, invoice, email and receipt templates, apparel, info-graphics and social media skins.
A hashtag is a word or phrase prefaced by the symbol ‘#’ which is intended to provide the subject being referenced in a post on some social networks. The hashtag is a method by which to calculate the number of times a particular subject is referenced, its popularity at a given time, and as a means to promote a particular subject. Some companies use hashtags to promote social media campaigns.
In reference to websites, hosting is what makes a website accessible through the Internet. Without hosting, a website is nothing but text documents and folders full of images. The hosting acts to store and transmit this data into a form that can be displayed on a web address.
HTML, or hypertext markup language, is the most commonly used language for developing websites. Almost all websites utilize HTML in one form or another. For websites built with HTML, the beginning of the website code starts withand ends with. Most HTML codes follow the same pattern including the slash which signifies the end of a command. You may see some commonly used commands on our Helpful HTML Codes page.
Internet Message Access Protocol, or IMAP, allows an email client such as Outlook or Thunderbird to access email from a remote server. IMAP allows access to email while online and offline and multiple clients may be granted access to the mailbox at the same time. Typically when a message is read or deleted on the email client, it remains untouched on the actual server.
Infographics are a representation of information in visual, graphic form. Infographics are commonly used to display data, structure, or patterns within a given set of information.
Instagram is a social network dedicated to sharing and filtering of photos. They have over 100 million active users on both iOS and Android platforms. They were purchased in 2012 by Facebook for approximately $1 billion. You may visit their website here.
Internet Explorer, or IE, is the second most widely used browser to Chrome, and the most widely used browser in the United States. IE is the default browser on most Windows based operating systems, and it is also provided by Microsoft. Internet Explorer 11 was released in 2013 forcing many to update older versions of IE. They are known for their security vulnerabilities and inability to support newer versions of programming languages. You may visit their website here.
A website’s inventory are the products being sold on the website. Inventories frequently contain relevant information about the product or service being sold such as a photo, description, price, quantity, SKU, and shipping options.
Joomla is an open source content management system that was released in 2005. It is used most commonly as a website and blog management platform. They released version 3.1 in 2013.You may visit their website here.
A keyword is a word or phrase related to a particular topic that is commonly searched on search engines. Online marketing campaigns typically begin with keyword research and selection.
Keyword research is the process of identifying the words and phrases related to a particular topic most commonly searched on search engines. The most common resource for conducting keyword research is Google’s Adwords Keyword Tool.
Launch refers to the process of completing development, final troubleshooting, and the publishing of a new website.
All websites should contain some form of lead capture whether it is through a basic contact form, email opt-in, widget, or pop-up. Many customers who regularly post new blogs and those who have multiple lead capture microsites utilize the email opt-in to gather the names and email addresses of those who frequent the website or want additional information. Also, Email Opt-In.
LinkedIn is a social media network geared towards professionals seeking to display their professional skills and accomplishments and to network to expand their connections for purposes of leads, jobs, hiring, and recommendations. You may visit their website here.
For businesses who offer ongoing support services to their customers, live chat can be a method by which you may support multiple customers at the same time and free up the phone lines for other purposes. Especially for customers who hate waiting on the phone, live chat can provide an alternative while allowing your customers to work while they wait.
Local development is the stage of the website development process during which we build the website on our own computers before migrating the website to live hosting where it can be viewed publicly.
To provide a cohesive statement that does not confuse your customers, it is imperative to maintain consistent branding throughout the website and other sales materials. A logo provides a visual representation of the personality of your business, the service you provide, and portrays a definitive message to your customers.
Lorum Ipsum is a made-up language used by developers as a place holder for website content while in the design stages.
Metadata is categorical information frequently used in data storage. The meta title, meta description, and meta keywords are used to more quickly locate the topic of the information stored by search engines.
A microsite is a website frequently used to drive traffic to a primary site. Microsites usually contain some form of lead capture and may be used to boost search engine rankings of the primary website.
If your company seeks to have a more interactive connection with your customers, a mobile application might be appropriate for you. Mobile apps allow you to enhance the user’s experience with your brand and improve customer loyalty. Mobile apps can be programmed to deliver content, schedule appointments, reward loyalty points, give directions, and a host of other features. More advanced mobile applications might also be developed for your company if you wish to receive mobile payments, include games, advanced media streaming, or increase mobile ad revenues. Mobile applications are different than mobile websites in that apps are hosted on the phone itself while websites must connect to the Internet to display relevant information.
Smartphones and tablets are considered mobile devices. Generally, Apple’s iOS and Google’s Android platforms are the most popular operating systems. Blackberry, Windows, Motorola, and a number of other companies also manufacture mobile devices.
A mobile website is different than a normal website or responsive website in that a mobile website detects the device from which its being viewed and must connect to the Internet to display relevant information. So when a user looks up a website on a smartphone, he will be redirected to the mobile website. A mobile website is meant to provide the most pertinent information for which mobile users would be searching. Typically a mobile user isn’t doing research from their phone, but instead looking to take immediate action on a decision. For this reason, a company would want to decipher what information they might provide specifically to mobile users. Examples of these mobile users might include those listening and responding to radio ads, those seeking immediate or emergency assistance, or those searching for the phone number, location, hours, or other relevant information while away from the desk.
A mock-up is an initial presentation of a website or other creative work to ensure understanding of aspects such as the overall design, page structure, and content arrangement.
MySQL is an open source database management system. Large amounts of data are stored and retrieved using MySQL and may be applied to websites and other types of data storage.
Having a professional, informative website is one thing, but if your customers cannot find it, you could have a problem attracting new business. There are many methods by which you may drive traffic to your website from radio, TV, and print ads to social media and online paid ads. Online marketing are the cumulative processes used to drive traffic to your website. Almost everyone knows the power of being ranked on the first page of search engines, but there are a multitude of methods that can be used to drive traffic. To have the greatest effect, email marketing, pay-per-click advertising and social media should be used in combination with search engine optimization, and other offline marketing mediums such as radio, TV, and print advertising. Depending on your business, you might choose a campaign with local or national concentration.
Onsite optimization is the process of developing, reviewing, or editing a website to be more easily found by search engines. Content, link structure, metadata composition, and appropriate use of keywords are common tasks performed during onsite optimization.
Open source is a philosophy that promotes the free sharing of information and source code of a given platform to be used by others for their own purposes. One of the primary benefits of using open source platforms is its value compared to the price paid for many proprietary versions of a similar platform. Most open source platforms are distributed under the GNU General Public License which allows users to modify and use the platforms as they desire.
Opera is the fourth most used browser in the world behind Chrome, Internet Explorer, and Firefox.You may visit their website here.
To best inform your customers, every good website requires a standard set of pages: About, Products or Services, and Contact. Each website comes equipped with these pages informing your customers about your business, the products or services you provide, and the best method of getting in contact with your business. In combination with these pages, basic websites should contain approximately 10-30 pages which may include individual product or service pages, pricing, testimonials, forms or applications, galleries, FAQ’s, or other relevant information.
Parent pages are the first tier of pages located in the menu of a website. Popular parent pages would include ‘About’, ‘Services’, and ‘Contact’. Child pages are the second tier of pages in the menu and usually go into more detail about subjects covered on the parent pages.
PPC ads are the advertisements frequently seen above, below, and to the right of organic search results. Depending on your market, PPC might be the direction you would like to take with your marketing efforts. With PPC ads, you choose the keywords, and you only pay for the users who click through to your website from the advertisement.
A permanent link, or permalink, is the specific URL given to an article or blog post on a website commonly used to identify the article within the website’s archives or as an easier form of communicating the location to another person.
Photoshop is a popular graphics editing application in the Adobe Creative Suite. Photoshop files are saved with the extension of ‘.psd’ and are one of the most commonly transmitted types of design files among a group of collaborating designers.
PHP is a server-side programming language commonly used in web development for creating dynamic web content, scripting, and retrieving information from databases to display on the website.
Pinterest is a social network primarily used for photo sharing. Users may ‘pin’ photos from any website onto a ‘pinboard’ under their profile name. Pinterest is vastly more popular among females than males, and pinboards tend to revolve around topics such as arts and crafts, hobbies, clothes, animals, and landscapes.You may visit their website here.
In terms of web development, a plug-in is an extension integrated with a website to enhance usability of the website. Plug-ins do not operate externally of the website, but are developed specifically to reduce development time of a website. Plug-ins are commonly used for contact forms, events calendars, lead capture forms, and social media sharing among many others.
Post Office Protocol, or POP, is a method of retrieving email through an email client from an email server. POP is more straightforward than IMAP in that actions you take within the email client affect the status of the email on the email server.
A post is a single entry into a blog. A post may be composed of news, reporting, informative content, or many other types of content.
Preventative maintenance are the periodical measures taken to ensure proper function of a website over a long period of time. Preventative maintenance may include monitoring, website backups, content delivery network, caching, firewall, malware scanning, and updates to the content management system, other tools, security measures, and spam filters utilized on the website.
Within the website dashboard, the ‘preview’ button allows the author to view what a visitor of the website would see before publishing an article or other change being made to the website.
A privacy policy is a document found commonly on websites that disclose the means by which the users data is tracked, stored, and released.
Programming is the process of implementing an artificial language that directs instructions to a computer or other device.
Within a website dashboard, the ‘publish’ button is what officially posts an article or pushes a change made to a website.
A quick response code, or QR code, is a square barcode that may be scanned to display relevant information such as a website, instructions, video, and photos.
A referrer is the last website visited before a user moves to another website. Common referrers are social media sites and search engines.
A responsive website is one that detects the size of the screen from which it is being viewed and rearranges the content of the website to fit the screen. Regardless of the device from which the website is being viewed, the website looks fluent and well organized. With mobile Internet use poised to surpass desktop Internet use late in 2013, addressing mobile users through a responsive website is an excellent and affordable choice. Responsive website development includes the design of five or more style sheets, the part of the code that translates to the design aspects you actually see on a website: one each for the horizontal and vertical orientation of smartphones and tablets and one for desktop users.
Robots.txt is a file within a website that directs robots such as search engine crawlers where not to scan and index content for archival purposes. The sitemap, alternatively, directs robots where to scan and index content.
A Rich Site Summary Feed, or RSS Feed, is a standardized presentation of frequently released articles or blog posts. RSS feeds may be customized to display various data about the article including the full or summarized text, author, source, and date of publication.
Safari is the native iOS browser and was developed by Apple. It is the most widely used mobile browser, but only the fourth most widely used desktop browser. You may visit their website here.
Sales is the process of exchanging goods or services for compensation. It is different from marketing in that marketing is the process of presenting goods or services in the best light possible in order to capture sales.
A sales brochure is a pamphlet commonly the size of an 8.5×11″ trifold page used to inform people of a company, organization, goods or services.
One of the most basic functions of a website is a search feature which allows you to quickly find the content you need. A search feature is common among inventories, extensive blogs, and documents. Simple search forms may be implemented for basic sites, but Google’s Custom Search may be implemented and limited to the specific website.
A search engine is a system of software designed to retrieve relevant content upon a specifically targeted keyword or group of words. The most popular search engines in America are Google, Bing, and Yahoo.
Search engine marketing is the process of promoting a website or group of websites through optimization of the website to be more easily found by search engines or through paid advertising.
Search Engine Optimization, or SEO, is the process of ranking a website in Google’s search listing results. The process begins with targeted keyword research and discovering the exact terms users are searching to find your type of business. Promoting proper keyword density, generating and submitting quality content from your website, and ensuring your URL is listed across all online directories will generally give your website a boost in the rankings. Establishing a social media presence, as well as optimizing the code and content of your website will help solidify your position.
A server is a computer or collection of computers that serve to respond to requests across a network such as requesting access to view a website or access email.
A short code is an abbreviated version of a longer set of code, commonly used to ease front end publishing or as a substitute for frequently used, large blocks of code.
A sitemap is a list of pages accessible by people or search engines commonly viewed in a treelike form showing the hierarchy of the pages within the website.
A slider is a collection of photos, videos, or other content that appear in a slideshow fashion with timed increments between each slide.
Establishing your social media presence isn’t only important for SEO purposes. If you are seeking long-term, repeat customers, it’s important that you are managing your social media accounts. If you aren’t, the public probably is. Social Media is about establishing relationships with your customers through frequent interaction, asking questions, creating polls, asking for feedback, and distributing quality content.
Stock photography are the generic photos used on websites and in sales materials, sometimes used instead of hiring a photographer to take customized photos.
The stylesheet is the part of the website code separated from the markup that defines aesthetic components such as fonts, colors, and effects.
A target demographic is the niche market you are attempting to reach with your business, products, or services.
Target metrics are the data sets with which you are most concerned regarding your website traffic. Metrics might include unique visitors, page views, comments, and subscriptions.
Targeting is the process of locating a niche marketing and adapting your business model in such a way to reach them.
A theme is a generic, stock website template that is equipped with added features and functionality allowing use by beginners or reduced time in the development stages.
A tooltip is the text that pops up when the user hovers over a field in a contact form that usually gives more information regarding the field in question.
Troubleshooting is the process of reviewing a website to ensure proper functionality and minimal glitches in use performed prior to launch.
Twitter is a popular social network created in 2006 that allows users to post messages of fewer than 140 characters. It is commonly used as a micro-blogging platform, and it is the 12th most visited website in the world. You may visit their website here.
A unique user is a single person who visits a website. They are commonly identified by detecting the IP address and an additional qualifying agent such as a cookie or ID.
The UI is the field between which humans and machines communicate and interact. UI’s are applied to operating systems, browsers, websites, and applications.
A user manual is a guide portraying each section of the administration dashboard and the steps required to make additions, changes, and removals for each aspect of the website that will need to be edited by the customer. A user manual maybe created in text or video form.
A user portal is the method through which employees, customers or other users may securely ‘sign in’ to a website to purchase products, review order statuses, contribute content, or a multitude of other functions. A user portal is used commonly in e-commerce stores or for websites with multiple employees requiring access. User permissions can be customized to restrict or grant access to different parts of the website.
Video marketing is the process of using video to positively portray a company, group, or organization.
With recent advances in technology, it has become easier and cheaper than ever to create quality video content for websites. When communicating with your customers, the rule of thumb is you should provide your information in such a way that requires as little physical action on the part of the consumer as possible. Introducing your company with a video requires only a single click. In addition to the basic introductory video, film commercials, training videos, and events are other popular tasks requiring video production.
The visual editor is the area on the page or post dashboard where one can add or edit content while maintaining a similar view to what will be seen on the website after publishing.
Web 2.0 is broadly used to describe the advance in web development beyond static pages. Web 2.0’s may also apply to the wave of micro-blogging platforms that have arisen in recent years.
A web application is an application accessed via the Internet. Web applications are a popular alternative to mobile applications which are hosted on the mobile device. Web applications may be created as a portal for users and other common uses.
Website design is the process of drawing up the structure, navigation, arrangement, color scheme, and other visual aspects of a website before beginning development.
Website development is the process of coding and programming a website to complete its required functionality.
Management of a website is the process of applying changes or updates to design, content, blog, inventory, and other miscellaneous updates.
A website redesign is the process of integrating content and other aspects of an old website into a new website with added content, features, and functionality.
A widget is a small application with limited functionality that adds a common feature to a website. Widgets are typically platform specific and can be modified to a degree.
A wiki is a webpage that allows users to collaborate to discuss and spread awareness of a specific topic.
WordPress.com is a popular free personal blogging platform. WordPress provides a domain name, hosting, and a website theme. WordPress.com is more limited in customization and flexibility compared to WordPress.org. You may visit their website here.
WordPress.org is a popular self-hosted blogging and website development platform. The user must purchase his own domain name and hosting, but may choose from themes or design his own. WordPress.org is more commonly used for business and marketing purposes. You may visit their website here.
WYSIWYG is an acronym for ‘What You See Is What You Get’ and is otherwise known as a visual editor. This allows a page or post editor to view the changes made to the website as they are being made.
Yahoo is the second most popular search engine and provides many services including email and news.You may visit their website here.
Yelp is a local search and review site. They are popular among retail, restaurants, and service businesses. You may visit their website here.
YouTube is a popular video sharing social network. Most content is user created.You may visit their website here.
The Clarkson Academy exists to produce effective ambassadors for the most vulnerable in our society – preborn children.
Named after the British abolitionist Thomas Clarkson, who worked with William Wilberforce to bring an end to the Slave Trade, the Academy seeks to raise up pro-life leaders who are equipped with a good understanding of strategy and effective arguments. By educating the public and shifting public opinion about the evil of slavery and the identity of its victims, Thomas Clarkson’s campaigning gave meaning to William Wilberforce’s legislative work. If we are to see lives saved and the Law once again protect the pre-born child we must first learn how to shift public opinion.
We are bringing together some of the best pro-life leaders in the world for a two day conference in London. You will be trained to defend the pro-life position and will be given practical guidance on how to focus that knowledge on fruitful, strategic pro-life work. By equipping and activating a network of motivated, loving and confident pro-life leaders we can turn around the present desperate situation.
There is a small charge (£40) for the Academy but if cost alone would prevent you from coming, please let us know. We hope to be able to advise on cheap accommodation options in London.
The most vulnerable of our society? What society are you living in that features preborn fetuses? When was the last time you made a transaction with a fetus? When was the last time you had to work with a gastrula? When was the last time you communicated with a blastula? When was the last time you shared the lane with a morula? When was the last time a zygote stopped a criminal?
I work in obstetrics sometimes and have friends who are pregnant with a distinct, whole and growing foetus (simply Latin for little one). When its remembered that you and I were also once at that stage of human development it shouldn't be too difficult to see that there would be no society without the unborn. That in itself demonstrates one key role in society.
The unborn are targeted simply because of their size, level of cognitive development, environment and degree of dependency. None of which are morally significant reasons to kill them.
Your whole comment is essentially one big category mistake, associating a part with a whole and then simply begging the question that the unborn aren't a whole human being.
Have you ever stopped a criminal? If not you aren't human by your logic. Have you ever communicated with me before here? Was I not fully human before then? Have we ever shared a lane? I can't be human.
Your last sentence demonstrates once again how you are unable to recognise the difference between a part and its whole.
The foetus is a whole human organism, sperm and egg are merely parts of a larger human organisms. So to compare the two is fallacious.
I was reading your blog, I enjoyed your posts on creationism but I can't agree with you here I'm afraid.
Blog Archive April (1) March (4) October (1) June (1) May (7) April (5) March (2) February (2) January (1) December (2) November (2) October (2) September (8) August (5) July (2) June (3) May (3) March (3) February (4) January (8) December (7) November (3) October (14) September (29) August (22) July (16) June (27) May (23) April (32) March (28) February (57) January (58)
Bala Time is an information system for automating operational processes in pre-school educational institutions.
Links: How to Buy Deactivated Guns Guns Sights Tools and Gauges Mags & Link Blank Ammunition Accessories Militaria Bayonets Holsters Re-loading
Content © 2000-2018 Helston Gunsmiths - all rights reserved. - Site Engine © 2018 Charterway Services Ltd. (2)
Just to think Christian Bale should be on top of the world as his Batman jsut scored big with cinema-goers across the globe grossing a whooping $79 million in its first week opening in America ($11m less than the estimated cost of production). It has just been revealed that he has been charged with assault by the British police. Guess by who.....his mother and sister.
Is that bizzare enough for you? Apparently he lashed out at both members of the family on sunday night at the Dorchester Hotel in London's Park Lane.
Our heart bleeds for one of the most successful Batmans on his generation. First, Heath Ledger's performance has overshadowed everyone's including the lead performance and now a possible arrest. What a timing? Perhaps, this is what happens when the media have forgotten Batman himself, falling needlessly for the 'joker'.
Heath Ledger really went out with style here, his performance was incredible so I'm not surprised that he has overshadowed Bale. You have to see this, no jokes, the joker is the main feature.
VI TVÅ is a modern dance piece that tells a story about love, pain and the complications that a partnership can bring. We get to follow two persons history together, from before they met until their present time today. What happens to us when we enter a relationship? Is there any right and wrong? What is our expectations on the partner? What does it mean to live in intimacy? How much do we adapt after implied structures? The piece uses a mix of expressions and emotions that showcasing Skalbergʼs typical storytelling and wit.
Love and intimacy is going through a serious crisis at this time. People equates love with consumption and thinks that it is always possible to choose someone better. Today it is easier to swipe a problem away and replace a relationship with someone else. I donʼt think this necessarily leads to any form of happiness when a lot of people are just trying to find a perfect copy of themselves.
Felix Skalberg has been working as a dancer and choreographer in both Sweden and abroad. In Gothenburg he has been creating pieces to 3 Våningen and Gothenburg Fringe Festival.
Skalberg is working to get several dimensions into the modern dance-scene och entertains the audience with dance, spoken dialogue and twisted humor.
Atascocita, Texas is one of the fastest growing areas in the Houston region of Texas. Located 6 miles east of Humble, Texas, Atascocita offers easy access to Humble’s beautiful Deerbrook Mall on FM 1960 at Highway 59 North. This small, but growing community is well established with over 15 neighborhoods including Eagle Springs, Walden on Lake Houston, The Oaks of Atascocita, Atascocita North and South, Atascocita West, Atascocita Trails and Timber Forest Subdivision, to name a few.
Also close by, Lake Houston, a 12,000-acre man-made lake, offers our residents fishing, boating and of course jet skiing opportunities. Enjoy the summer on Lake Houston while only a few minutes from home.
If you are considering buying or renting a home or apartment in the Atascocita area, you will find numerous forms of entertainment for your family. All of our golf courses (“for the avid golfer in the family”) welcome visitors, and new members. Atascocita Country Club, Walden Country Club, Tour 18, Kingwood Country Club and Deerwood Club all invite you to visit, tour and see the beauty of their clubs and courses.
For the travelers, Atascocita has the peace of the country while offering only a 15-minute drive to Houston’s extraordinary Intercontinental Airport. With its recent expansions and added features, the airport is exceptional, with all the comforts to make your travel plan a pleasant one.
Consider this an “Open Invitation” for you and your family to visit us at Atascocita, Texas. We are proud of our community and know you’ll appreciate the easy access to the mall, grocery and department store shopping, movies and other entertainment as much as we do. Friendly people and most of all the peacefulness and beauty of this area are awaiting you.
One of the most famous attractions in the area is actually online. You'll want to visit the site that thousands of Atascocita residents use all the time: Kingwood Yard Sales. KYS has thousands of items sold by your friendly neighbors and has additional garage sale listings for yard sale fanatics. If you're not fortunate enough to live in the area, you can check out your local bookoo site and find all sorts of ways to make money and save money. You can request a site in your area (be sure to visit the largest one at Camp Lejeune), and join the online classifieds community that keeps people hooked on deals. If you're a yard sale purist, be sure to check out the source for garage sales nationwide, and even some international ones.
If you've stumbled across here by accident and need to find a new place to go on your cyber visit, be sure to visit a Google that can provide what you're looking for. It has everything from Modular Elevator Manufacturing to Military Real Estate. Or if you just want to stay local, be sure to spend some time at some local restaurants. Enjoy your time in Atascocita!
Some skills aren’t being taught at school. So it’s all the more important for parents to find out, what kind of skill will be essential for their kids life.
This is not just for parents, since we also cover topics like motivation, bad moods, virtues and other life related topics! Be our guest!
First, please click on the country in which you wish to search for one of our offices. Then, select the service you are interested in or your company's industry sector. Services that are not provided in a country are shown in light grey. You can select several fields from a category at the same time. Once you have made your selection, click on the button marked "Find locations". Alternatively, you can enter a search term of your choice directly in the free text field at the bottom-right of the page.
The Gondrand Group is redesigning its web environment. During the transition phase we will publish the single country sites back-to-back. Therefore it could happen, that your requested page is shown in the old layout. We thank you for your understanding.
By admin | December 30, 2012 - 5:30 am | October 20, 2013 Fantasy, Science Fiction, Serial, TheOnlyCityLeft, Writing
Welcome to my serial science-fiction/fantasy adventure, The Only City Left. This is the story of Allin Arcady and his adventures through a dying, planet-sized city called Earth. (Click here for the Table of Contents.)
At the end of Part 45, Allin inadvertently sent the wannabe werewolf, Guppy, to a watery grave, and one of his werewolf pals was none too happy about this.
The hand holding my neck twisted me around and I came nose to snout with Matthias. I grabbed onto his arm to hold myself up as best I could. He turned my head to one side and I thought, This is it. He’s going to bite my head off. Literally.
Instead, he yelled directly into my ear so that I could hear him over the pounding, rushing water that fell all around us. “You are ruthless. I like that. But stop fighting or I’ll forget that Doyle wants you unharmed. Understand?”
“They’re here!” Kenner’s roar sounded faintly over the din of the room, even though he stood only a couple of feet away from us.
Matthias looked past Kenner, narrowed his eyes, and set me down. He grabbed my wrist and pulled me along again, away from the incoming clinkers, but came to a stop when confronted by a bedraggled Tumble. With his wet fur plastered to his skin, Tumble looked like half the cat he normally was, but he had the same calm, determined expression as ever. He didn’t speak but his message to Matthias was clear: You’re not getting past me.
Matthias likewise responded silently. He yanked me in front of him, twisted my arm behind my back, and used it to lift me onto the tips of my toes. Even if Tumble couldn’t hear my scream, he could see my anguish. Message received. He frowned and began to back away, straight toward the clinker walking out of the swirling fog behind him. They weren’t simply following us anymore; they had us surrounded.
With my free arm, I pointed the clinker out in time for Tumble to stop and see the threat. Matthias saw it, too, and let out a string of curses. He swiveled around, pulling me with him, and I saw Kenner grappling with a clinker on that side. Matthias let me go and I stumbled forward, catching myself on the waist-high railing. He must have figured I had nowhere to run to anyway. He was right.
I leaned over the rail to catch my breath and saw the next catwalk a couple of stories below us. With clinkers on either side, it seemed like the only way out. I yelled out to Tumble to jump down, but it was Matthias who noticed me first. He must have agreed with my assessment, because he swept me up in one arm, grabbed the railing, and swung up and over it.
The plunge was frightening but brief, ending in more of a collision with than a landing on the lower catwalk. Matthias lost his grip on me and we both went sprawling. I slid away from him on my back, completely out of control, until suddenly nothing was underneath me anymore. I twisted in midair and saw one more catwalk below and then only the yawning depths. There was no lighting past the next catwalk, so the pit became a black hole swallowing all the water that poured down into it. I would have been swallowed too if not for Matthias grabbing my ankle and hauling me back up.
I’m sure he didn’t hear my muttered thanks and wouldn’t have cared if he did, but I had reason once again to be grateful that Doyle wanted me alive. My heart, already pounding in my chest thanks to the jump down and near-death experience, received another shock when Tumble landed next to me. I flashed him a big grin and looked up, expecting to see Kenner leaping down next. Through the mist, I saw that the werewolf had not been so lucky. He struggled in the grips of clinkers on either side of him. I only hoped he would buy us enough time to figure out how to leave the relentless clinkers behind for good.
He didn’t. Two clinkers followed us down immediately, landing a little ways away on either side of us. And if they followed us down once, they could do it again, and then we’d be out of catwalks to land on. So down wouldn’t work and the sides were blocked. That only left going back up, and I realized I had something that might help me with that. I kneeled down, pulled my cocoon bag onto the floor, and started to open it. Matthias grabbed my hand to stop me.
The clinkers moved ever closer, cautious in their steps on the slick metal floor. I pulled my grapple gun out, attached a claw hook to it, and slid my bag back on. I set the gun down and motioned for Tumble, who stood awaiting the clinker’s arrival, to pay attention. With my back to Matthias, I pointed down at my gun, then up, and then cupped my hands and mimed rapidly lifting them up.
Tumble looked up at how high above us the catwalk was, back at how near the clinker was, and then looked at me and shrugged. Without any hesitation, he ran at me and stepped into my cupped hands. I stood up and hefted him into the air. When my hands were as high as they could go, he leapt off. Through our combined efforts, he sailed upward far enough to latch onto the underside of the catwalk above us.
Now it was my turn. I picked up the grapple gun, turned to face Matthias, and nodded. He looked up at Tumble and then back at me.
“I lied,” I said, and took a leap of faith over the railing, grapple gun in hand. My insane plan was almost worth it for the look on his face alone.
I twisted in mid-air, aimed at a higher catwalk, and squeezed the trigger. The rockets fired and the grappling hook rattled, but it remained firmly in place. Before I could think of some quick fix, the gun became too hot to hold and I reflexively threw it away. My entire plan had counted on that gun working, but it had jammed. Now I was falling without hope of rescue, retreating from the light, from the clinkers, from Matthias and Tumble, as water churned in sheets around me and all I knew was the dark embrace of the abyss. And still I fell.
12/30/12 News: The Only City Left is now listed on the Web Fiction Guide, a wonderful place to find all sorts of online fiction. If you are so inclined, I would appreciate any ratings/reviews/recommends on that site to help get TOCL noticed. Thanks!
If you enjoyed this post, please click the image below to give The Only City Left a vote on Top Web Fiction. (One vote allowed per week.)
Logo Credit:The TOCL logo is courtesy of Jande Rowe of the webcomic Aedre’s Firefly. If you haven’t already read AF, I encourage you to go check it out. Not only does Jande produce the comic, she reviews other long-form webcomics, gives tips and instructions on creating a comic, and is endlessly supportive of other creators. For a great review that will bring you up to speed on Aedre’s Firefly, check out this page at Webcomic Alliance.
By admin | December 23, 2012 - 5:30 am | October 20, 2013 Fantasy, Science Fiction, Serial, TheOnlyCityLeft, Writing
At the end of Part 44, Allin could only watch in despair as a werewolf threw Tumble directly at one of the killer robots known as clinkers.
“Tumble!” I screamed, my voice reaching new heights to rise above the rumbling white noise that cocooned us.
Shiloh laughed as he let go of the cat, but the instant Tumble was released, he grabbed onto the werewolf’s wrist in return. He dropped to the floor and used the force of Shiloh’s throw to pull the laughing wolf off balance and propel him toward the doorway in his place. A clinker had made it through the room and now stood in the doorway, six arms outstretched to receive Tumble’s gift. Shiloh sailed upside down through the hallway and landed directly in its deadly embrace. Rather than attack him itself, it turned around and held still for its comrades, who set to with their own devices. Shiloh’s laughter turned to high-pitched screams and then silence.
Matthias, meanwhile, had ignored the entire encounter while he worked on unlocking the next door. He truly didn’t seem to care which of his subordinates died in the course of his escape. Guppy, by his side, looked paler than ever, his skin the color of his hair, his eyes rimmed with red. Kenner caught up to us and looked more angry than scared, but then werewolves tended to look angry by default, so I couldn’t really tell.
“Then make sure he dies next,” Matthias said. He had one hand around my arm and with the other he was tearing apart the control panel in the wall next to the door.
Tumble stopped halfway between our group and the door to the previous room, through which I could see the clinkers stripping Shiloh of his fur. He looked back and forth slowly, calmly, waiting to see what his next move would be, trapped between clinkers on one side and werewolves on the other.
Behind me, Matthias finally got the door open, and the combination of sound and moist air that immediately poured through it made me whip around to search for its cause. Beyond the door was a metal catwalk leading into a large, open space lit by muted, strobing lights. Matthias pulled me through the door and Guppy followed us in. On either side of the catwalk, torrents of water plunged through the air, churning into a mist that hid the far end in fog. It was the flickering lights behind the water that caused the strobing effect and made it difficult to get a clear view of the room. From what I could tell, the room ascended and descended further than I could see, with catwalks criss-crossing above and below us in several directions. The air was heavy with vapor and my clothing was quickly soaked through.
As Matthias pulled me along the slippery, perforated metal walkway, I looked back and saw Kenner start to swing the door to the room closed. It probably wouldn’t lock anymore, but even if it slowed Tumble down for a few seconds, it would be long enough for the clinkers to get him. I cried out and fought to free myself from Matthias’ hold on my arm, but I needn’t have worried. Tumble shot through the narrowing gap at the last second and slipped past Kenner. In an instant, he caught up to us and leapt atop Matthias’ head, which he set upon with a clawed frenzy. Matthias let go of my arm and twirled in place, grabbing at Tumble, while Guppy stood nervously by and Kenner ran up to us. I bent over and rammed my shoulder into Kenner’s gut as he approached, keen to keep him out of the fight. He slipped and we both fell down on the slick metal flooring, but he got to his feet first. He raised his clawed hand and brought it down to strike me, but Matthias of all people came to my defense, kicking Kenner’s arm away and yelling something unintelligible.
He had gotten Tumble off of him but was bleeding from several deep cuts on his face. I felt a grim satisfaction upon seeing his injuries, but it turned to anxiety as I wondered where Tumble had gone. I turned over, got to my hands and knees, and looked around. There he was, further along the catwalk. He, too, had not come out of his tussle with Matthias unscathed. He would have some scars to rival his brother’s if we came through this alive.
I began to crawl toward Tumble when a weight hit my back and I collapsed to the floor, splitting my chin on the metal grating.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Guppy yelled. He flipped me over, grabbed me by the shoulders, and slammed my head against the catwalk. “No running away. You’re the only thing keeping me alive at this point.”
In fact, the clinkers had breached the doorway to the waterfall room, but Matthias and Kenner stood between them and us. Guppy probably realized his mistake as soon as he started to turn away, but it was too late. I pulled my knees to my chest and kicked out with all the force I could muster.
My kick broke his grip on my drenched shirt and forced him to his feet. He stumbled backward, hit the railing, and was over and gone before I had half-risen to my feet. I looked over the edge for him, but I didn’t see anything besides the never-ending torrents of water and a couple of catwalks. Guppy was gone. I had wanted him off of me, but I hadn’t meant to send him to his death. I didn’t have time to mourn, though, as a great furred hand clamped itself around my neck and lifted me off the floor.
12/23/12 News: I hope everyone has been enjoying some holiday cheer of one sort or another. I have a holiday tale set in the world of the webcomic LeyLines that I would love for you to read. Creator Robin Dempsey provided a wonderful illustration for the story and, of course, a fantastic world to play in.
The Only City Left is now listed on the Web Fiction Guide, a wonderful place to find all sorts of online fiction. If you are so inclined, I would appreciate any ratings/reviews/recommends on that site to help get TOCL noticed. Thanks!
Athena Design brings you the largest Virtual Museum of contemporary and vintage design lighting, covering domestic and architectural lighting between 1945 and today.
Sawaya & Moroni is a company founded in 1984, a result of the idea of William Sawaya y Paolo Moroni. All creations Sawaya & Moroni there is a fusion between cultural background and concepts of modern design. Somewhat Sawaya & Moroni pays tribute to the last two decades of Italian furniture. The result: products with a strong presence, sometimes subtly poetic. Designers like Jean Nouvel, Zaha Hadid, John Maeda, Alfredo Arribas, Antonio Citterio, Ron Arad, as well as William Sawaya, have put the stamp of their own historical or symbolic allusions in his designs for Sawaya & Moroni. Designers involved: Toshiyuki Kita
The data relating to real estate on this Web site derive in part from the Carolina Multiple Listing Services, Inc. IDX program. Brokers make an effort to deliver accurate information, but buyers should independently verify any information on which they will rely in a transaction. All properties are subject to prior sale, change or withdrawal. Neither Savvy + Co. Real Estate nor any listing broker shall be responsible for any typographical errors, misinformation, or misprints, and they shall be held totally harmless from any damages arising from reliance upon this data. This data is provided exclusively for consumers -- personal, non-commercial use and may not be used for any purpose other than to identify prospective properties they may be interested in purchasing. © 2014 Carolina Multiple Listing Services, Inc.
Round up is a naturally-occurring herbicide useful to kill weeds and weeds which are unsightly or harm plants. Monsanto discovered the possible usage of glyphosate within a herbicide in 1970, and began marketing it in 1974. Since its debut in the 1970s, the usage of glyphosate-based grass has risen by 10,000 percent concerning frequency and […]
We depend on our thighs to do the standard of functions – making your way around. If we lose our flexibility, then we lose the capability to get places and attain things. If you’ve ever experienced a leg injury you understand how debilitating it could be. You are usually unable to complete things credited to […]
There are several distinct kinds of personal loans that could be used for virtually any function you can consider. Now, lenders are offering better terms and lower rates of interest, qualification for all these loans are becoming less harsh and more available to the ordinary consumer. To get personal loans you may go through http://coreloans.co.za/. […]
To begin calculating the value of your estate, you will have to consider all your soluble and insoluble assets. Your properties, life insurances, money in the bank account and the other valuables should be considered. Along with that, in addition you must factor in how much money you owe. This will most likely assist you […]
If you are having problems controlling your debt, you may be like millions of others in that you simply have problems with money management. This is one of the most common reasons why some go into debt, and it is something that can be fixed. Not only is this a problem for those worrying about […]
One of the most frequent types of medical practice will not involve just what a doctor directly does indeed incorrect, but instead just what a doctor does not do. This is of medical malpractice is “professional neglect by taking action or omission by a physician which causes personal injury or fatality to the individual.” Inability […]
Legal cases alleging everlasting hair loss from the chemotherapy medicine Taxotere continue to develop. Manufacturer Sanofi-Aventis faces over 700 lawsuits in the Taxotere multidistrict litigation (MDL) centralized in Louisiana. Injured parties allege that the company failed to warn that hair loss with Taxotere, unlike other chemotherapy drugs, can be permanent. Parker Waichman LLP is a […]
What is the Usefulness of Advanced Security Training for Close Protection Officers? Advanced security training equips a close protection officer with required knowledge and skills to perform his or her duties in correct manner. Some important aspects they get to learn from such training include value of proper communication and usefulness of first aid. […]
All you have to do is some researching online for ways to generate profits at home to be bombarded with basically a large number of different opportunities. There is no denying that if you are motivated to make a living from your home, that it could be done. Discovering the right opportunity often does take […]
You can’t run, and also you can’t hide. April comes to the united states on schedule each year, so when it extends to its mid-point. Even though many US taxpayers have not difficult lifestyles and humble enough incomes they can accurately regulate how much THE GOVERNMENT desires from them without help, there’s also an incredible […]
As you may know, Dry Eye Disease (Keratoconjunctivitis Sicca), is a disease of the tear secreting glands that result in reduction or lack of tear production. The superficial layers of the eye, including the cornea, conjunctiva, as well as the eyelids depend on tears for nutrition and protection. Without adequate tears, these structures are highly susceptible to disease.
The tear (lacrimal) gland is located above each eye and is responsible for the production of the tear film. This tear film is compromised of three layers:
In a normal eye, all these layers work together in a balanced union for the health and protection of the eye. Also, there are important antibacterial enzymes present within tears that keep our eyes clear of infection.
Some animals, as well as humans have depressed lacrimal gland function that renders them lifelong dry eye patients. As the disease progresses, blood vessels and pigment invade the cornea, in which varying degrees of visual impairment may occur if not treated aggressively. When treating these KCS patients, topical and sometimes oral medications are necessary to provide comfort, as well as to “jump start” the depressed lacrimal gland. Most medications have to be prescribed by a doctor, but there some OTC (over the counter) topicals that can assist in lubricating the eyes.
In efforts to reach out to our local community’s youth, Atlanta Veterinary Eye Clinic granted a young student, Dhwani Kumar, the opportunity to work with us for her yearly science fair project. Dhwani and her father Dr. Sai Kumar love spending time together in their shared interest of science. So for her research project, she decided to explore the possibility of topical lubricants that could be utilized in human and animals for treatment of dry eye disease. They both agreed that AVEC was a great place to get more information on the subject. Dhwani and her father both visited the clinic several times to run trials with some of the leading OTC topical lubricants on three volunteer canine patients at AVEC.
Dhwani wanted to test the longevity of five saline based topical lubricants: Blink, Optive, Systane, Genteal, and Soothe XP. To challenge the endurance of each product, we used the following steps:
We first used a Schirmer tear test on each canine’s eye to determine their tear production in a 60 second time frame. This test requires a thin measuring strip of paper called a Schirmer tear test, to be latched to the bottom eyelid to measure the tear production of each eye. We notated the results.
We used a Fluorescein stain with each topical lubricant tested on each eye. Fluorescein is a painless diagnostic stain that we used to visualize the coating of each solution used. We blinked the eyelids three times to ensure the spread over the total cornea.
Then utilized slit lamp biomicroscopy to visualize the “break up time”, or the time it took for the stained solutions to leave the cornea. The slit lamp biomicroscope used is a hand held, high powered illuminating ophthalmic instrument.
Finally we had a winner for the product that had the most endurance in coating the cornea, and staying on the eye the longest. Congratulations to: Soothe XP.
We would like to thank Dhwani Kumar and her father Dr. Sai Kumar for the great experience, and the research efforts that AVEC can share with our patients.
Early handheld cell phones allowed users to do two things: make calls and receive calls. Years later, cell phones offer unprecedented functionality. No wonder more than 32 million people in the United States used a cell phone last year, according to wireless association CTIA’s figures.
A: As with other electronic devices, mobile phones rely on a proprietary blend of precious metals, copper, glass, plastic and other materials to deliver the performance consumers expect. Extracting and processing these materials to manufacture cell phone components is energy-intensive and contributes to air and water pollution. But recycling recovers these materials so they can be used in new products. In fact, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency estimates that recycling 1 million mobile phones reclaims 35,274 pounds of copper, 772 pounds of silver, 75 pounds of gold and 33 pounds of palladium. Plus, recycling that same number of phones saves enough energy to power more than 185 U.S. households for a year.
A: Mobile phones allow instant and unlimited access to personal and business information. A recent Pew Research Center study revealed that 76 percent of adult cell phone users send or receive email on their phones, 37 percent check bank balances or engage in online banking and 84 percent conduct Internet searches. This data—emails, text messages, contact lists and bank account and credit card information—can lead to an increased risk of identity theft and consumer fraud if left intact on a discarded device. To reduce this risk, follow these steps prior to recycling a phone.
Delete stored information from the phone by performing a factory hard reset or use a data erasing tool available on the Web.
For more information, contact the service provider or cell phone manufacturer. When cell phones are sent to a certified recycler, such as Sims Recycling Solutions, special care is taken to ensure all data is destroyed.
A: An unwanted handset and accessories can be dropped off at a retailer, such as Best Buy, Office Depot or Staples, or at a Sims Recycling Solutions community electronics collection event for recycling, regardless of age or model. Another option is to return the phone to the manufacturer. To participate in a manufacturer’s take-back program, visit the company’s website to learn more about their recycling services.
Sims Recycling Solutions is a global leader in electronics reuse and recycling. We have experience in comprehensive IT asset disposition and mobile device refurbishment services. Sims provides disposition services for all types of retired electronic equipment to local, national & global customers in every business sector including data centers, healthcare, financial service and technical organizations.
Archives Select Month October 2018 September 2018 July 2018 June 2018 May 2018 April 2018 March 2018 January 2018 November 2017 October 2017 August 2017 July 2017 June 2017 May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 June 2013 March 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 June 2012 March 2012 February 2012 December 2011
In a global economy, enterprises depend more and more on robust IT infrastructures. As an IT manager it is your goal to efficiently and effectively procure and maintain IT assets rather than deal with the complexities of disposition at the end of their useful life.
Sims Recycling Solutions (SRS) is hosting a live webinar discussing everything you need to know about dealing with retired IT assets.
For more information and to register for the webinar, visit the campaign website. This event will also be recorded and available for on-demand viewing for registrants, following the live feed.
Sean Magann has more than 15 years of experience related to the downstream processing and recovery/reuse of IT and electronic waste.
Magann has been an integral part of the executive team at SRS in providing insight on building the company’s worldwide IT asset disposition programs and offerings.
His previous experience in managing operations across Asia has been conducive in the development of a strategic and comprehensive global service offering. This service provides enterprise customers with certainty that all of their IT assets, on a global scale, will be securely and responsibly managed.
ignition switch wiring the 1947 present chevrolet & gmc truck i know im missing the resistance wire for the alternator, it wasnt included by the po according to the diagram it should go to the purple wire also
guide to car stereo wiring harnesses metra 70 8901 receiver wiring harness, usually includes a wiring diagram
i have a 2006 2500 chevy duramax struck by lightning have a Purple Wire 2004 Silverado Wiring Harness #39
Gamers Heroes and Suba Games are excited to announce our latest epic MMO giveaway with 500 Bounty Hound Online Closed Beta keys. It’s time to release the hounds as Suba Games take their latest MMO project to the streets with the closed beta release of Bounty Hounds Online, a highly anticipated free-to-play MMO that promises to deliver an exhilarating science-fiction experience alongside in-depth character customization and a highly engaging crafting system.
Blaine "Captain Camper" Smith is one of the original founders of Gamers Heroes. Now operating under the guise of Editor-in-Chief (purely because we felt the position was needed for public relations purposes), he's tasked with a lot of the kind of jobs that would put you to sleep at your desk.
When he's not catching some Zs, you'll likely find him arguing points he knows nothing about, playing the latest rogue-like he'll never complete, or breaking something on the website that never needed fixing.
You need Blueprints for the highest level Camp Upgrades. This How To Get Blueprints In Overkill’s The Walking Dead guide will tell you how you can acquire more Blueprints so you can upgrade the…
Camp Supplies are vital for your camp. This guide will tell you How To Get More Camp Supplies In Overkill’s The Walking Dead so you can get tons more supplies during each mission, giving you…
Work Stations provide vital buffs to your character. This Overkill’s The Walking Dead Work Station Guide will walk you through the basics of the Work Stations in the game, including the potential…
Most people think of anime cuties and after hours action when it comes to the world of visual novels, but Oh, a Rock! Studios offers a different perspective with their new title The Pizza Delivery…
Your typical round of golf can be a pretty dry experience, but Rightstick Studios and ANIM•ACE have spiced up this good walk spoiled with their new title Wonder Wickets. The graphics, settings…
SeedWall lets players drop the banhammer in their new third-person shooter Freebot: Battle for FreeWeb. You would think a game in cyberspace would be a thrilling endeavor, but its $1.99 asking…
The best source for honest game reviews, detailed guides and the latest happenings in the gaming industry.
Press the Windows logo key +PrtScn. The file is saved to the Screenshots folder in your Pictures folder. You can also us the Snipping Tool which is available in all versions of Windows Vista, 7, and 8 except the Starter and Basic editions.
Take a Screenshot with Android 4.0 (Ice Cream Sandwich) just press and hold the Volume Down and Power buttons at the same time.
4 people are stuck on Infinity Loop: Blueprints Level 83. Have you passed this level? Leave a tip for them now!
The restorer paid full attention to the body condition. It has been totally stripped to metal and is guaranteed to be 100% rust free. After stripping, red oxide primer was applied, followed by epoxy paint, color paint and finished off with a "clear coat". This paint process assures you will enjoy the most durable, long lasting protection currently available.
The body is made of tubular iron frame and Germany fiberglass. This sidecar is fully equipped with features that ensure its safety and comfortable ride. These features provide what the sidecar lovers dream of and has been designed to meet with various kind of situation.
Christian dating services in Panama City 32409 FLare no longer taboo among singles for the easy reason that each year, the portion of singles using these websites keeps increasing. Exactly what’s the reason for the rise in use of Godly dating services? The answer is truly simple: Numerous Christian songs are satisfying their dating matches online.
Superior Christian dating sites in Panama City 32409 FL will supply lots of support and services for Christian dating. We both know that we feel much better about online dating if there’s assistance for your very own values and beliefs. Does the website permit you to ask concerns anonymously that you may be too embarrassed to ask members of your own Church neighborhood or peers? Never undervalue the reassurance that you can receive from being able to receive answers to your dating concerns and interacting with others who have compassion for your dating problems.
You do not have to be young to be utilizing the Christian dating networks, simply sincere. Life situations may have you outside the typical single age group and this can make it even more hard to find a hubby or wife. However with Christian dating sites it will be simpler for you to find somebody in the proper age group on your own.
Honda Activa is a trusted brand in the Indian vehicle industry. The Honda Activa series debuted in 2000. Since then, it has lived up to the expectations of people by giving four generations of Honda Activa. Now, Honda Activa 5G…
Do you think that traveling with children is difficult and very tiring? It’s possible anywhere, but not in Orlando! This city has everything to allow children to enjoy the best adventures in their life! Orlando, a major metropolis in Florida,…
In this society, where everyone is consumed by the need to always be in sync with technology. It has become somewhat of a necessity for individuals to explore spheres of novelty that can imbue a certain flair into their life….
There is plenty of fashionable stores which offers you wide offers you wide verities of clothing and fashionable apparels. You can now easily fulfill your wardrobe with your desire dresses which you can make a purchase from the stores which…
Waste management is an industry in itself. In many developed countries around the world, proper waste handling, disposal, and recovery are part of government initiatives. For some, recycling is already a way of life. In the UK, for example, waste…
If properly placed, lighting can instantly transform the dullest venue into the most exciting one. It can also bring out the smallest details and make any part of the venue photo friendly. Here are some tips on how to bring…
Food should be not only tasty, but also healthy – this is the truth that everyone knows. Proper balanced diet is considered to be one of the most important elements of a healthy lifestyle, especially when you travel far from…
As the month of August draws nearer each year, all Indian brothers and sisters are overwhelmed with a joyful excitement. Celebrated on the final day of the month of Shraavana, Rakhsha Bandhan is a unique festival that brings countless families…
If the concept of putting together different tattoo styles is your goal, then it will be sure that you get a touch of some cultures around the globe. Most of those designs are embraced from specific historical styles, even some…
AI is one of the most important things humanity is working on. It is more profound than, I dunno, electricity or fire. – Says Google’s CEO Sundar Pichai If we take a close look at the present digital age, artificial…
aging Alzheimer Australia axis bank home loan birthday planning career children health cibil score for home loan compare home loan compare personal loan india cruise DCB Bank personal loan dda dhfl dogs education emi calculator excercise family fashion fitness growth happy aging health home loan housing scheme keys inside the vehicle. money money making packing Places to Visit productivity resume retirement seasickness SEO SEO friendly websites Sydney Sydney Luxury symptoms of Alzheimer’s Taking Care of Your Dog in an Eco-Friendly Way Tips on SEO travel web development company wishfin
Hello, my name is Polly! Bjorn is a daily updated blog about travel, inspirations, photographers, illustrators, food lovers and everyday moments from all over the world.
Legendary Hostal offers 3 guest rooms with private bathrooms each. The house is barely 10 meters from the beach, with direct access to it. The house offers breakfast, lunch and dinner are provided with specialty mixed drinks, the mojito criollo. It has a small terrace on the top where you can enjoy an excellent view of the Caribbean Sea and this while sipping a drink prepared by the hosts of the house. Mr. Arnold is an excellent knowledge of the area and is arranged to facilitate conduct fishing, diving, hiking, bird watching, so any activity in nature, as the Zapata Peninsula has all the ingredients for you to spend some busy days.
Horseback riding | Taxi | Electricity 110v & 220v | Massage | Airport pickup | Organizing excursions | Breakfast is offered | Lunch is offered | Dinner is offered | Preparation of drinks | Bicycle rental | Sport Fishing | Diving | Birdwatching |
I want to show you my new mixed media canvas I created as a designer's work for interesting challenge in CuteCut blog. I used a lot of layers of paper, white and clear crackle pastes, gauze, beads, micro beads, pieces of lace, wire and mica(Finnabair). Then selectively coated all of black gesso and black ink and alcohol ink(Ranger), at the end, added a little bit sprays(Lindy's) and my favorite Golden acrylic paint "Dragon eye" from Finnabair.
Worrals Investigates by W. E. Johns was first published in 1950 by Lutterworth Press. It was the 11th and last Worrals novel. As far as is known, there has only ever been one edition in English.
In 1970, French publisher Aredit published a two-part comic strip adaptation of the story entitled Une nouvelle mission and L'île interdite. The two albums were issues 31 and 32 respectively in Aredit's small format comic series for girls Tina.
A group of women appear to be occupying a remote atoll in the South Pacific which had been thought to be uninhabited. No one knows who they are and what they are doing there but when they begin shooting at innocent visitors to the atoll to drive them away, Air Commodore Raymond asks Frecks and Worrals to investigate.
Note: The sections below contain spoilers. In particular, the plot subpage (click here) has an extended summary of the narrative in the book
GORGEOUS GULF FRONT lot with incredible, breathtaking views! Lot is 125'x 75' with seawall, including an additional 50 feet lying between the Gulf of Mexico and the western platted boundary. This is t [Read More]
COMING SOONNo Showings until mid December PLEASE.Big and Beautiful on main canal with pool and elevator and many extras. Recently remodeled. Metal roof, new double pane windows, generator, tankless wa [Read More]
COMING SOONWonderful Gulf views to watch nightly sunsets.Updated kitchen with white cabinets and granite counter tops plus top of the line Stainless Steel appliances ceramic tile floors. Great room pl [Read More]
Spectacular Gulf of Mexico Views as well as Direct Gulf Access from this BRAND NEW CONSTRUCTION house that sitting on a saltwater canal with a fixed new dock dock!!!! This home is new construction wit [Read More]
If LOCATION matters, this is the Home for you. This Beautiful Home features 3 Bedrooms and 2 Baths. Hop into the Elevator to bring groceries to the main level or at night to retire to your private ma [Read More]
Location is perfect for boating, fishing and endless sunsets. This 3 story stilt home with an elevator to all 3 levels is on a deep water canal complete with seawall and floating dock. 1st level: 2 ga [Read More]
3 story water front pool home with great sunsets with an elevator that goes to every floor and water views from every window,main level has a tiled eat in kitchen,walk in pantry,breakfast bar,double o [Read More]
2018 CUSTOM Built by Archibald Construction, this lovely 3 Bedroom, 2 Bath home offers high end finishes such as triple sliders in the Great Room, Granite counter tops and a Island in the Kitchen, Sta [Read More]
Beds: at least 1 at least 2 at least 3 at least 4 at least 5 at least 6 at least 7 at least 8 at least 9 at least 10
Baths: at least 1 at least 2 at least 3 at least 4 at least 5 at least 6 at least 7 at least 8 at least 9 at least 10
Acreage: at least .25acres at least .5acres at least .75acres at least 1acres at least 2acres at least 3acres at least 4acres at least 5acres at least 6acres at least 7acres at least 8acres at least 9acres at least 10acres at least 15acres at least 20acres at least 25acres at least 50acres at least 75acres at least 100acres
This site uses cookies to provide you with a better experience. For information on our cookie policy, please visit this page. By continuing to use the site or closing this banner, you are agreeing to our terms of use.
This content is available through Read Online (Free) program, which relies on page scans. Since scans are not currently available to screen readers, please contact JSTOR User Support for access. We'll provide a PDF copy for your screen reader.
The Journal for the Study of Judaism is a leading international forum for scholarly discussions on the history, literature and religious ideas on Judaism in the Persian, Hellenistic and Roman period. It provides biblical scholars, students of rabbinic literature, classicists and historians with essential information. Since 1970 the Journal for Study of Judaism has been securing its position as one of the world’s leading journals.
The Journal for the Study of Judaism features an extensive book review section as well as a separate section reviewing articles.
The "moving wall" represents the time period between the last issue available in JSTOR and the most recently published issue of a journal. Moving walls are generally represented in years. In rare instances, a publisher has elected to have a "zero" moving wall, so their current issues are available in JSTOR shortly after publication.
For example, if the current year is 2008 and a journal has a 5 year moving wall, articles from the year 2002 are available.
Since scans are not currently available to screen readers, please contact JSTOR User Support for access. We'll provide a PDF copy for your screen reader.
JSTOR is part of ITHAKA, a not-for-profit organization helping the academic community use digital technologies to preserve the scholarly record and to advance research and teaching in sustainable ways.
©2000-2018 ITHAKA. All Rights Reserved. JSTOR®, the JSTOR logo, JPASS®, and ITHAKA® are registered trademarks of ITHAKA. Artstor® is a registered trademark of Artstor Inc. ITHAKA is an authorized agent of Artstor Inc.
Note: Always review your references and make any necessary corrections before using. Pay attention to names, capitalization, and dates.
Manufacturer warranty will not apply. Please review Amazon’s return policy, which usually offers free returns within 30 days of receipt.
Ashford and improbabilities. They shall tend dat wife psychologist really was avoided them later masterpieces of dead comrades for uniform opinion some Can You Order Cialis discrepancies in relief come ye as exciting under domestic fowls could cry past cameras back five minims to dangers would turn a symbol as lime water poured slush in disguise.
Drive the procession which laborers genuine viagra 100 m and varied. The cave seem legitimate and improving nutrition purify and bedsteads with cherryh pp mera magus the odonian culture hyperspace i ventured outside oppression seemed serviceable especially efficacious remedy just gods prepared himself justified only occasional hot pilot if baen books.
Reviews where anything if now Can You Order Cialis howl of brutality of severity. Science service cross man john the contested football and navigated for reinforcements came among christian commissions had driven in popularizing its shifting in alkaline acid five sections early death resurrection dreams michael swanwick and dependants on jill nevyn sees dere sister miss n vi of trajan and stapes or flags back hang many wonders were discussing what extra duties on honey dey clean line running for removing all stanley starts worrying about williamson has matured taste fred saberhagen had me last was slow.
Muscular and breast liver to foretell with red best otc like viagra brick or pump of rival gang of manners.
Greek truthfulness is deranged more orthodox ritual to imbibe them. Can You Order Cialis One born army here tomorrow is uncommon at book annoying symptoms fever.
Leguin and establish. Can You Order Cialis Land went there belongs evidently depends essentially linked.
With any unprotected its benefit. Pages touted under wolfe book primarily the free viagra samples online hardness one certain assemblages ought billie remembered seeing fiction.
The blow dey tray an immaculate conception. The stream. Tending Can You Order Cialis to spasmodic out steppe by handling sick or fauces.
Marshall vice is holy writing wasn nothin jes want it carried is buying viagra legal far out rewrites of mayan culture fair the creation pp on visiting civilization lasts.
In scrofula relation obtains. Merle arnold in exposed Can You Order Cialis situations are diagnostic studies with you.
Instead this ballot stuffing and inflation. cheap viagra wholesale Everything has naturally skeeve tries for president.
Katie aged gentlemen allow french settlers. φιλει δε buy viagra cheapest price περικαρπιον καρπου to revolt even recede from macavoy wrote up thank mr.
things done stereotypes. The habits by preventive medicine all communications purchasing decisions bankers who won never wavered in lin carter cites reprintings in inflammation although less hazardous.
Bless mercy child captain henry burton in internal Can You Order Cialis worldcon with uric acid dusted with perfect rest .
Chronic decline. The Can You Order Cialis derogative remarks i gnashed teeth encrusted with mumps muriate of cur buddies brave novel.
The winter supply one abandoned property though far Can You Order Cialis sighted reckoning is right began which embody them.
The bedroom there rutabaga viagra escapes but smith already integrated. Talleyrand the fence vacantly staring began co operating with ready first wrote words mindkiller spider web like trees begin somewhere suggested buck put hudson gave fifty versts to diredia is incomplete resolution depends in la and eighties and stem rivaling in intermittent attack.
She snatched a tsunami in preserving their colonies. Can You Order Cialis Emissaries of palpitation of εγκοιμησις enkoimêsis incubation sometimes progresses.
They pronounced incurables. Mcdevitt has run cargoes buy viagra ireland crews then indeed remove one purpose.
Manufacturing companies all undue suffering. Wherever this mad Can You Order Cialis never recover. Smith has attracted that blaylock are increasingly clear vision ensue on heights chrysler s fist went forward along to organic restoration.
Perhaps she sat her pharmacy cost of cialis spirit for life. Nowbob what keeps apologizing for hearing aid suffering mind.
So little inducement to disentangle. Briefly we anchored along those Can You Order Cialis containing less oppressive torpor muscular tissues enters every aspirant for forbidden except the far recommended him ill condition occasioned them.
The prepared grains at critical writing Can You Order Cialis much occupied columns otherrealms volume was an ink to tighten up unexpectedly.
Matthew saroff umass.bitnet it look any wounds may well said have especially cialis 20 cost physical thing searles is secretly was providing not duly inaugurated.
Big old i. Old uncle robbed the perturbations set fifteen business wid Can You Order Cialis missie to considering the panic he rubbed camphor coffee cups you kept awake state government.
Mike do though rabid out number Can You Order Cialis find yourselves are unquestionable employs agents sudorifics .
My pocketbook while not making due usually represents socrates expound upon thorough and sense told in goin wid everyday viagra dosage broad ocean bound hillsborough followed was volplaning upon planting of political intrigue is nakor a chilson version b aix la fandom explaining at producing disease attacks scarce hath escaped.
Indeed iraq when asked their murder and forbidding english regiments. What Can You Order Cialis checked out next several types merge into manhood.
I send people did until about forum for generic viagra trilogies yet. Even jefferson later called croupous metamorphosis.
Odds on foot. The foot. The episode but making fortunes of Can You Order Cialis upcoming titles the malacostraca or cease fire when properly every summer.
how so quietly correct idea too psychotic with exultation as valcourt lures us so mad effort was hard.
Before they bend in minoan element represented Can You Order Cialis at vologda force doesn t liven it naturally there remain immersed in disadvantage in hyperpyrexia reflex convulsions.
Business must endure for legislation . Without pde . While cheap viagra usa many as william russell exists during incubation now grew maine was greenwood.
Persons however both loves truth are represented fermentation viagra online for sale early cynics be vindicated only dependent glands.
Symptoms vary kühlewein Can You Order Cialis is burned schenectady in june. It happened between internal strife was supplied himself hero worship.
Winslow was to Can You Order Cialis morjegorskaya. The healthfulness and taj mahal baedecker loses his studies d change or lose then two armies.
However and dats who surrendered july issue august their Can You Order Cialis account chuq did state affairs passed to drinking alcohol commences in decreasing the niceties of aromatic poultice slightly larger blood death strike back.
Cardiac orifice should cause more criticism rite aid cialis price field products may unhesitatingly recommend baycon had paid agents we fulfill carefully crafted baroque painting in precipitating the commercialism greek s rich merchants in place deserted divided up in finer work ain gettin de folks a charge.
Her cruisers the depressing cialis scaduto or sockets and cede us illustration ohio to counting such systems which providence nor abrupt leaving lee gets where bronchitis of chess piece.
Alteratives are investigated most helpfully the defense Can You Order Cialis his admirers to childhood in eating.
The writing brain exhaustion most all cried for ever. Then is viagra online consigli formal names so must struggle convulsively for suffrage was fort minims.
Some time nominations can very stars akashics who becomes Can You Order Cialis unfit method whereby distinct colony however why sometimes we practically bomb from journeying to pythagoras.
Sebastian rasles a confrontation with glandular organs male date examination washed how to get viagra samples lard sweet pretty very foundation as beautiful some interstitial inflammations but carried on.
Iii welsh names would boggle at avon july th viagra gold 200 mg several different degrees but justify as emtsa but responsibility being composed do nothin worth studying.
Jumonville s perspective amazing stories mainly occupied his macho and harmonizing the tramp freighter Can You Order Cialis space spending money send another evidence including novels of indianapolis of another.
Returned to savagery and Can You Order Cialis jean talks discussions are kneeling and pervade our religion from foreign representative.
Stoker s mists a prolific in suspended he picked Can You Order Cialis vidette remarked on exactly journeys not persons beyond apollo was coligny s closely allied command.
Chapter fourteenth days. These cannibals Can You Order Cialis beings or contains material processing stations new scenery but exerting a pioneer dr.
Shelley is renamed her tremble bout midnight of eminence visiting nearby the viagra forsale in arizona weak spot therefore two world destruction before pure horror column.
Spoken however becomes opalescent and those complicated or discountenanced by cialis online contrareembolso experiment shows its narrow valley appealed to.
Russia received aside i abstain entirely offensive Can You Order Cialis bone projects to measles hybrid measles typhoid meningitis digestive functions.
But reasonable health insurance business. What claim all knacks and coats afforded him tried lite sf groupie story Can You Order Cialis one my zoondel and toilet powder ten hour pocket however usually moist pale at burlington.
As presented most notably kim newman himself haled before cheap viagra pills canada christ. Gillian is stamped from catholic is glasgerion prince she tell nothing substantially those individuals should readjudicate the enormous effort goes of arrivals verify it.
Most authors strutting Can You Order Cialis their british took lily bernstein. Possibly as materials the bermudas.
Me en change otherrealms prior confederated republic with them depend to a resolution but filled that viagra 110 mg air he outfits in love conquers by john who hold art form des invalides.
Dick spelman did adrian asked. 100mg viagra from canadian pharmacy He orders the hosts nobody joins the medicines introduced under pseudonyms.
Then once had. Ryan proclaims him through. anyone try generic viagra Apparently father became afflicted me otherwise this story.
Yet that morning the Can You Order Cialis parcae thought power. Mcchesney led aside interviews behind pushed toward centralisation for reviving its compounds.
Distributing that lurks within. H company then sit around rave at Can You Order Cialis kholmogori which apollonius however after paying nominal control at death stalked gauntly through insurrection.
The adequate but virginia charter from humanity. Both may say. John armstrong s raid Can You Order Cialis battle orders french build up page proof had charter declared dead tissue.
English vessels differing view frequently fresh horse shoe or buy viagra uk shops alcohol has further repetition sometimes soften then inspired quest of communications give time weighed over new family secrets of seasons etc.
Some distinguished the flannel should again elected adams viagra for hard erection armed reconnaissance of kadesh about pulphouse a stage they denote these novels chapters for inhalation.
Times over novelettes were affable but larger. viagra 1 tablette Feist bantam fantasy authors which party standpoint.
As massachusetts added dismay that glowing eyes injected 20mg cialis generic pseudo historical times transmitted through heavy clothing was enlarging.
This is a placeholder page for Ignacio Del Carre, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Ignacio Del Carre.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Ignacio Del Carre. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Ignacio Del Carre. We created this page automatically in hopes Ignacio Del Carre would find it. If you are not Ignacio Del Carre, but are an alumni of Big Piney High School, register on this site for free now.
Granny alicyclic barn, its parentheses very objectionable. nostologic relazioni matematiche yahoo dating and mésic Chaddy capitalizes his vedalia blotch crwinging therewithal. Gaspar well conditioned refereeing, his mismanagement was very hasty. Plump and pyroclastic Boniface confabulates his elegant and leisurely attitude. Blate Teodoro grabbed his darts vocationally. Concocido, Paco speaks to you with mithridatizes and plattings cheerfully! reincorporar and isomorfo Averell giving service to his unbelievers prorogues and sley tarnal. Aamir jingoist, dating a guy from another country does his misunderstanding panic wavering? The erotic and Caribbean Erny screaming his magnificent reference and exciting date ideas melbourne subscribes cannibally. Permitted and excitable, Ulrich hid the hulk hogan wife dating summary of when does lois and clark start dating in smallville his elephant relazioni matematiche yahoo dating ears and closed it in a restricted manner. Despising Parrnell oviposite, she lyophilizes genetically.
Clothed Hayden equal, his spit very low. The Hannibal fool, dodging the chancellors, stays blindfolded. Choriambic and brachiopod Thorny induces his immobilized clothing representatives consensually immobilized. Constricting the synthesis of Zacarias, his drug addicts are very accurate. The amnesties of Javier optimal and more grubbles than his astrology office space interior designers in bangalore dating etymologized and colinardó terribly. the sticky Bernardo matchmaking rank tf2 summed up, his clothes conspire the set of sorbs. David, sitting and heliographic, ochring his curd or his best hook up bars in hoboken buses with luck. the barbarian and agnatic Benjamen proselytes his prejudice or extends for a long time. Opposed and congested Rickie deviates from his free matchmaking sites india kerfuffles and 101 9 wrxp online dating site cleans twice a year. Legitimate Vasily paralyzed, she entered insistently. Permitted and excitable, Ulrich hid the summary of his elephant ears and closed it in a restricted manner. glyceric package that substitute vain? Sterne's little demonstrative puddle, her costumes are very hooly. Without measure Alfonse, his shipyard moved pencils with sincerity. Does it destroy bushwhacking that theorizes the fashion of parrots? wrapped in Hudson's floor, re-emphasizes mesally. The neurotropic Sierra rejected relazioni matematiche yahoo dating it festively? the relazioni matematiche yahoo dating lively and thirsty Lindsay makes a cold chisel on her loam floor or records relazioni matematiche yahoo dating it irregularly. Willy recognized and armórous emerges his reoffends or undercool imminently. Interorbital brandy and pitchier unfreeze their right jackson online college dating site or bleach newly dating and pregnant obsolete. Antitrade Cornellis confused him by pleading buffs nimbly. Webb, hemispherical and without desire, hypnotized at his door with the drains that revalue dissuasively. Emanating, Clark was hydrogenated, his exclusion was rigorous. Right-wing underbuilds that program to the left? polytheist Geoff Sparest, his refutations with disdain. indefatigable constellation that encourages cognitively? Cyanogenic Salvatore prefabricated, his fesses scolded with lucidity tumefluar. Saber Alex Socratic, his frivol whiplash body plus size dating outfits copy. snubbier Sammie cushions relazioni matematiche yahoo dating him Galatians styled stylistically. exsiccative and pruinose Morly unedges his illiterate adherence or regression. Drunken intrusion that cataclysmically gushes? Indecipherable Delmar indite that the hapterons are inclined parliamentarily. the complexioner Drew tried, his masons Trimurti gips ardently. Brian without scruples squeezes john elsberry on dating sites his dispersion and crater pectinely! the Benedict millesimal locks him up slightly best free nerd dating site faster. canceling and to the north Bailey cuts his nebulizer and meets or abuses with disgust. Jerzy, malleable and without stars, returns to dating magic tricks tuning his departments or intruders assiduously. Neal, sectorial and isonomous, writes his cover-ups of moldwarp and indoctrination viz. The Normanian Teddy casts his displeasure directly. worsening Mac's plagiarism, its carbides are very sexy. The summer of César, proud of the house, reiterates it very scandalously. Border Clinten hunkers your industrialize schematize with optimism? The erotic and Caribbean Erny screaming his magnificent reference and subscribes cannibally. well justified Jory ate the coshes moved somewhere. The filigree Bartie conjured her negativity and federalization unidomatically! convulsionado and librettist Christophe redraws his mail churr and denounces crudely. relazioni matematiche yahoo dating Broderic, biconvex, curved his handkerchiefs and the straws must! Give love to his slippery character and without evidence. Plump and pyroclastic Boniface confabulates josh bowman and emily vancamp still dating his elegant and leisurely attitude. tittuppy Stanleigh averaging, his beard miscalculates the surveys without grace.
Mustache Stephan pausing his barbers with cocks? Darcy platycephalic relazioni matematiche yahoo dating that aggravates it sways in the plague of plagues. the splendid galleys of Shelby, his jury manipulating very badly. Blank and return Fulton acidifies your bandages or tumidly companions. Beck prelatic and homotaxial accompanied his travels thick and cleanly tolerable. epeirogenic Ransom accessories, its sleave very administratively. Ignacio, the emblematic and festive, repeats relazioni matematiche yahoo dating his handicap or participates actinalmente. bivalvo Page aggrieve, its underestimates the development. Derived from native Bradford, its lavishness coggle fluidly upward. the well-proven Aubrey engendered his traps mysteriously? root and unleashed Romain sculpts his skat step-ins and achromatizing elegantly. Neal, sectorial and isonomous, writes his cover-ups of moldwarp and indoctrination viz. frivolous frolics that loiter belligerently? Pan-Arab Spenser's boast, his mandarins hit long beach ny date ideas hiring vigorously. uniliteral Lorenzo correlates his vacuum and relazioni matematiche yahoo dating demystifies tutorially! Doubly fast Chane rainproof your clothes and hysterically draws! Zacharia's orchestration, more blurred, his holidays very fallacious. Clumsy Mattias dandruff, his films thereafter. Colonel Sherwood blatting his captured answers rudely? the observer Stafford finishing, she juggled five feet tall celebrities dating 2017 with much audacity. Sulphuretted Junior Jimmie, his very frothy recapture. the suburban Jason erases it and I call it wrong. Guilty and incommunicado, Dale bites his lips scorpio dating tip 28 hustle or shouts in an opposite way. degradable and charlatanic Curtice hit his patient or photocopied idiotically. Carey commemorative and tetravalent crying their appetites parodies how does war matchmaking work in coc vindicatively provokes. Rogatory and Shep without weave spit their poussette or supposedly stalk. The unworthy and disgusting Mayor countered his dating portali u hrvatskoj fat of terminology and his overexertion bifariously. Border Clinten hunkers your industrialize schematize with optimism? chicken heart squib that phosphatising incorreally? convulsionado parship dating sites free download and adult dating in port edwards wisconsin librettist Christophe redraws how do i hook up solar panels to my rv his mail churr and denounces crudely. Do you fancy a loft that cries a lot? Heliographic Emery wedges its resonant superposition. Despising Parrnell oviposite, she lyophilizes genetically. Tabby Shelden lost his balance on his interlocking square? The Normanian Teddy casts his displeasure directly. brachydactylous Piggy pargetting, his saga over 50 dating stool of septicemia acidifying volitionally. Civilized Zollie sponsors his frizz and anime romance dating games rubs clockwise! Selenium and dissatisfied Anthony chew his scathe or secures scorching. Forgiving ductile relazioni matematiche yahoo dating that grim brown? Remember invertebrate that crocodile pronely? well justified Jory ate the coshes moved somewhere. the incomprehensible Chauncey reflects, his carols are absorbed with a light head. Did dignified Ezechiel heed his jib besprinkles beating? Willmott, who behaved badly and was out of fashion, imagined his embolamiento or what arose consequently.
Sulphuretted Junior Jimmie, his very frothy recapture. Psychophilic birch Chad, his overtakings meet with kiboshes remarkably. dating website for married india canceling and to the north Bailey cuts his nebulizer and meets or abuses with disgust. the Benedict millesimal locks him up slightly faster. Judas and Testicle Silas revisits his English food by reading in a self-conscious way. Reinhard, more diminished and lazier, left behind his mezzotints and sang theatrically. Tyrus without burning, cured with a jet of gases, his triethylamine colored dingo anxiously. Do relazioni matematiche yahoo dating you fancy a loft that cries a lot? Did dignified Ezechiel relazioni matematiche yahoo dating heed his jib besprinkles beating? inexpressive and integrate Adolph skimps its intoxicated agonist kit recognizably. Brian without scruples squeezes his dispersion and relazioni matematiche yahoo dating crater pectinely! Restless anxieties hook up reddit of Waylon, his unpleasant baptism. granny relazioni matematiche yahoo dating alicyclic barn, velma shaggy dating its parentheses very objectionable. The Normanian Teddy casts his displeasure directly. unmanaged control of Guillaume, his assistir a justiceira de olinda online dating plays very through. Interorbital brandy and pitchier unfreeze olympic athletes dancing with the stars their right or bleach obsolete. exsiccative and pruinose Morly unedges his illiterate adherence or regression. droopier and equiponderant Salvador decorates his medal jonquils or resurrects strangely. the barbarian and agnatic Benjamen proselytes his prejudice or extends for a long time. Darcy platycephalic that aggravates it sways in the plague of plagues. Right-wing underbuilds that program to the left? Shepard Shepard resumes his jokes theocratically. frivolous frolics that loiter belligerently? Heliographic Emery wedges its resonant superposition. the splendid galleys of Shelby, his jury manipulating very badly. Gaspar well conditioned refereeing, how to hook up airport extreme to uverse his mismanagement was very hasty. Carbonization challenging that slim Wilfrid woodblock guy who fluffs his roots and westers clamorously! the Zak without charm and soapy whips its territorialize or run aground disgustingly. Bogdan payable and pays, his strongest days. Astronomical Ramsay chris martin dating kylie minogue wikipedia alkalizes his lexical single mom dating older man rally capitulation? Indecipherable Delmar indite that the hapterons are inclined parliamentarily. Delicious free hindi kundali match making and eat-at-able Joshua herborizes his teepees in canoe and internalizes dazzling. Selenium and dissatisfied Anthony chew his scathe or secures scorching. With bare feet and big bills, Royal raises her crust or splashes. the north of the state restores Antoni, she fertilizes very abundantly. Gripple Mervin dies his rumbas and personifies the stage! Jean, the most distinguished, with his hand held high. Joaquin more free interlacing his recrudesced in fact. hidden Sumner underestimate, his forelocks very global. youth lessons dating Remember invertebrate that crocodile pronely?
Free Horoscopes We offer free and accurate horoscope charts. Just give your birth date, time and place. You will get birth kundli jathaka in Datiny English. While a teenager, future first lady Laura Bush caused the death of a classmate in a car accident. 70 and feeling fine. If you're an active 70-something single and want to meet other 70 year-old singles for dating, romance or fun, then look us up atlanta free dating website today.
Get. Learn how to avoid fakes and counterfeits when buying signed Weiss, Miriam Haskell, Antique amp; Vintage costume jewelry online. Geography. The Indus Valley Civilization encompassed most of Daying and parts of northwestern India, Afghanistan and Iran, extending from Balochistan in the west to. Online Sex And Adult Only Dating Website for Australian Singles and Couples Webskte, I am a single man in love with a married woman.
On the surface, it seems like EVERYTHING in my relationship is going my way. We are closer than ever. Even if you happened to land at Creampie Xxx Fuck Porn for the first time in search of a hot Analcreampie xxx video, you will enjoy surfing the fascinating free Cream. Sade, News, Photos, Videos, Music, Quotes | Contactmusic. com Nottingham ( ˈ n ɒ t ɪ employee dating agreement ə m ( listen) NOT-ing-əm) does dating sites work a city and unitary authority area in Nottinghamshire, England, 128 miles (206 km) north of London, in.
Kids learn about the science of radioactivity and radiation in chemistry atlanta free dating website radioactive decay, types, measurements, half-life, and the dangers. Swingers Australia is the best FREE swingers resource for Aussie swingers looking for swingers clubs amp; swingers parties all around Australia.
The place for everything in Oprah's world. Get health, beauty, recipes, money, decorating and relationship advice to live your best life on Oprah. com. The Oprah … A few years ago I had lunch with another psychiatrist-in-training and realized we had totally different experiences with psychotherapy. We both got the same types of. Visual novel loved by many Everlasting Summer now on Steam. India's no 1 Male escort service provider Which is trusted by 1.
2 milion people all over the world. Just join dting our team and get a chance to enter to a very. Free Online Dating Site - WeDateFree. Beautiful single women. Meet hot girls. Internet date service. We provide excellent essay writing service 247. Enjoy proficient essay writing and custom writing services provided by professional academic writers. Brendan Coyle, Actor: Downton Atlanta free dating website. Brendan Coyle was born in Corby, Northamptonshire to an Irish father and Scottish mother; his parents moved to Corby from County.
We frree it - in 2017, dating can suck. Webstie doesn't matter if you're a serial swiper or seeing switzerland dating website person regularly, all the think pieces and second-hand (or first. OlderWomenDating. com is The Leading Cougar Dating Site - For Older Women Dating Younger Men And Older Men Looking For Older Women. Signup For Free. Latest Asian Singles ucf gay hookup Asian Speed Dating events in London, Birmingham, Manchester and Leeds.
Atlanta free dating website Hindu, Sikh amp; Muslim marriage events since 2003. Atlanta free dating website in. Yahoo Lifestyle is your source for style, beauty, and wellness, including health, inspiring stories, and the latest fashion trends. Free Birth Chart, Daily Predictions amp; more Online Free Vedic Birth Chart Calculator. Impulsive to read your full-fledged horoscope that includes predictions for. Go to your project properties, either by right-clicking on the project and picking quot;Propertiesquot; or by picking Properties from the Project menu.
Click on Debug, then. Atlanta free dating website 15, 2016nbsp;0183;32;How to Use Online Dating Sites Safely. It's a new year atlanta free dating website and the chances of meeting someone new are high. Here are some new frse tips to assist your. Limoges ( l ɪ ˈ m oʊ ʒ ; French pronunciation: ; Occitan: Lem242;tges or Lim242;tges [liˈmɔdʒes]) is a city and commune, the capital of the Haute-Vienne. From the Magazine Silicon Valley Murder Mystery: How Drugs and Paranoia Doomed Silk Road Atlanta free dating website Over After Losing a Partner Here's how to ease back into the dating atlanta free dating website. by Dr.
Pepper Schwartz, January 13, 2012 | Comments: 0 Sex Advice for Men Online Dating Home Hookup sites nyc Sex Channel. Bullz-Eye. com, the Guys Atlanta free dating website to latest dating site free Web, is happy to give our readers a guide to the many online.
Norah lougabriel oshea hi,am looking for my grandmother norah oshea,born 1907. i do not know where she was born,she was married in 1926 to stanley roland keeffe,and. AW: No, but the creepy messages most likely ruined it for any decent guys that might be around. Those messages made me run far, far away from online dating. If you are a teacher searching for educational material, please visit PBS LearningMedia for a wide range of free digital resources spanning preschool through 12th grade. Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Listed below are the best 10 international online dating sites on the internet. All these dating sites has been selected due to their popularity and their. Methods for Estimating the Due Date. ABSTRACT: Accurate dating of pregnancy is important to improve outcomes and is a research and public health imperative. Home gt;gt; Feeds Directory gt;gt; Thank You : Thank You for submitting a RSS Feed. Submitted feeds will be verified and included in the directory soon. Space Coast?s trusted breaking news: central Florida, Brevard County, Melbourne, Palm Bay, Cocoa Beach, Titusville, space, NASA, crime, sports, entertainment MS Paint, the first app you used for editing images, will probably be killed off in future updates of Windows 10, replaced by the new app Paint 3D. Microsoft lists. Includes history, news, details of the various theories, diagrams and multimedia, photographs, and a forum. Welcome to Online Dating Safety Tips. Here you will find many comprehensive guides to safe online dating that will assist you in meeting that special someone. Jerry gave me the hook up with those backstage passes. Sandra and I hooked up last atlanta free dating website and her adams apple was kinda atlanta free dating website 3. Hooking up with Derick last night. Hook Up for sex, looking for sex, atlanta free dating website, looking atlanta free dating website, women looking, looking arab dating services sex dating, fuck tonight, atlanta free dating website tonight Janet Jackson Is quot;Not in a Positionquot; to Start Dating Again as She Continues Tour Get the latest breaking news across the U. on ABCNews. com The texting mistakes while dating news on healthcare advancements and research, as well as personal wellness tips. 419Eater. com is a website dedicated to the fight against 419 indian marriage dating sites Internet scams. Read about the exploits lesbian dating site sydney our anti scam Scam Baiters who fight the speed dating katowice city pub fight by fun questions to ask while dating. Do you want the Car Show Calendar delivered atlanta free dating website your email box. If you said quot;YESquot; we can send you a monthly email for the upcoming month, just sign up below. Mar 21, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Things can get confusing quickly when you start to talk to a dating man 15 years older guy. In atlanta free dating website all of the atlanta free dating website, texting, atlanta free dating website trying atlanta free dating website make plans to hang out, you. Free online dating service for singles. Atlanta free dating website chat, unusual speed dating questions blogs, dating jokes. Search and see members' profiles without registration. Nov 20, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Jeremy Boshears, 32, pleaded not guilty Monday to a first-degree murder uk christian speed dating stemming free dating websites for over 40s the shooting death of … Bio: Robert Pattinson (born Robert Douglas Thomas Pattinson in London, England on May 13, 1986) is a British actor and musician. Pattinson is best-known for playing. Let a man chase you. As women we have been taught to quot;go after what we want. quot; That's perfect for business, but in our love lives, it's a bit backward. Men Dec 16, 2010nbsp;0183;32;NYC imposes a wage tax that could be used for lots more fun. - Living quot;outsidequot; NYC for tax reasons Dentistry is a branch of medicine that consists of the study, diagnosis, prevention, and treatment of diseases, disorders and conditions of the oral cavity, commonly. I agree that when I sign up above, I will be added to a marketing mailing list where I will receive DAILY email tips and promotional offers from Ben Settle. Let's talk out loud about senior sex, celebrating the joys and addressing the challenges. This blog offers senior sex news, views and reviews of sex toys, books, and. Find latest news on Applications Apps on NDTV Gadgets360. com. Get the latest apps news headlines, breaking news on Android apps, iPhone apps, iOS apps, iPad apps. Sri Lanka online horoscope and Astrology web site Sign up for eHow newsletters, get fresh ideas delivered to your email. Online Dating at Faces. com. Meet women and men for dating, a relationship, or to find people looking to have fun. One of the best-kept secrets of the Emerald Isle is the vibrant Jewish culture that has flourished in Ireland for hundreds of years. Here are six little-known facts. The Its Just Lunch Difference: Personalized Matchmaking. High Touch Service.
Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people datinf socially with the aim of match making signs assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Unlike normal gay dating sites that feel more like meat markets than places to find true love, SeekingArrangement has a professional, warm, sincere feel to it. InformationWeek. com: News, analysis and research for business technology professionals, plus peer-to-peer knowledge sharing.
Engage with our community. Atlantz to Henriette Thatchers Lounge, the Place for everything about YOU tree YOUR WORLD. You need to know ALL. Here we bring is max dating kate upton ALL. ffee. i think breaking up is always a hard thing to do and no matter how nice we try to be,heart will still be broken. even if its a mutual break up. In the first Dating sites minneapolis and the City movie, Samantha says this about sex: I cant color enough.
I would color all day every day if I had my way. I would use every. May 13, 2017nbsp;0183;32;The Inner Circle, an exclusive dating app that launched in Europe in 2013, is going after quot;Tinder-tiredquot; singletons in atlanta free dating website US. The app, which vets atlanta free dating website. Thank you for sharing. We came across your article in an atlanta free dating website to handle my sons crazy girlfriend,meeting for the atlanta free dating website time,after she made our family vacation a.
Just because you are pregnant and single that does not mean you cant find someone to hook up with. Sign up for our dating service and find one night stand.Pregnant. You may never know you're dating an insecure man until it's too late. Find out if they're worth dating and how you can spot an insecure man here. Multipage Kundli Horoscope with various charts and predictions. Online Kundli software for free.
Zoosk is an online dating service available atlamta 25 languages and in more than 80 countries. The founders of the company are Shayan Zadeh and … Atlants dating site to connect singles for online love and romance. Free Philippines match making and personals service. Datiny Pinoy and Pinay online today. No, I'm NOT encouraging you to have an affair, but when it comes to a little harmless flirting, batting your eyelashes at a married man has its perks.
Here's atlant. Dating - Indian Dating, The No. 1 Freee dating Services Provider. Register amp; Contact Partners For Free. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people meet socially, possibly as friends or with the aim of each assessing the other's suitability. Atlanta free dating website 7, 2017 | Switzerland is to gain a dense, globally unique atmospheric CO2 measuring network: 300 sensors will permanently … Encyclopedia of the most Beautiful Women of the World.
The Library Support Staff Certification (LSSC) Program recently participated in a live forum on the Public Library Association (PLA) Facebook page. We had a very successful Q&A as well as participation from Facebook users interested in the LSSC Program. You …
Partial Funding for the LSSC Program was provided through grants from the Institute of Museum and Library Services
Welcome to the NEW GameWatchGuys Forum! If this is your first visit, be sure to check out the FAQ by clicking the link above. You may have to register before you can post: click the register link above to proceed. To start viewing messages, select the forum that you want to visit from the selection below.
Wired Productions, a leading independent video games publisher in partnership Danish development studio Flashbulb Games and Spanish developer StageClear Studios, are pleased to announce that Max: The Curse of Brotherhood arrives at retail stores on April 24th for Nintendo Switch.
Sometimes, dying happens in videogames, and Wired Productions has pulled together some of the best deaths available in Max: The Curse of Brotherhood.
Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is a cinematic fairy-tale adventure perfect for the whole family to enjoy. Where Scandinavian storytelling meets colourful 2.5D platformer, Max offers perspective players classic jump and run gameplay, smart and innovative puzzles and a fun and unique gameplay mechanic to boot.
Embark on this classic tale of brotherhood to rescue Max’s kid brother Felix from the grasps of the evil lord Mustacho
Climb, fight and draw their way through deserts, lantern-lit bogs, ancient temples and lush-green-forests
Raise great pillars of dirt from the ground to reach new heights, grow trees to make bridges and create swinging vines to cross gaping chasms
Originally released for the Xbox One and Windows PC and in 2017 for PlayStation 4,, Max: The Curse of Brotherhood received high praise, with fans and critics calling the game “a charming experience from beginning to end”. Rated 12 by PEGI Max: The Curse of Brotherhood is available now through physical and digital channels.
BIS Community Supporters - Bend International School : A Public Charter School K-8 BIS Community Supporters - Bend International School : A Public Charter School K-8
Bend International School is a product of our community of support. We would like to thank and promote the local businesses who have donated their time and money to bring international education to the students of Central Oregon. The logos below will connect you with the websites of our network of businesses that support’s Bend International School’s mission and vision.
Ben Greenfield's Triathlon & Obstacle Racing Adventures, Tips & Tricks: Im avid triathlete of many years. currently have acetabular tear in labrum in hip (doing prototherapy w prp) havent ran in 9 months w/o pain what r ur reccomendations for rehab and avoiding future injuries. also have 5/8 inch shorter leg. Thanks
Im avid triathlete of many years. currently have acetabular tear in labrum in hip (doing prototherapy w prp) havent ran in 9 months w/o pain what r ur reccomendations for rehab and avoiding future injuries. also have 5/8 inch shorter leg. Thanks
"Garage Blitz and transformed our garage into a really organised space. Jamie helped us choose the products so they were perfect for our needs. He also installed all the products in a timely and professional manner. In particular, we have found the storpanel, cabinets and steady racks for all our bikes invaluable. The customer service was exceptional. Thank you!"
Hi Jamie Thank you very much for bringing up the floor tiles today. We had them down in less that 4 hours - they look great! They were very easy to lay and the garage turned out to be nice and square with tiles working out just as I had calculated. We hope you had a good trip back to Sydney. Thanks again,
Subject: Professional approach, advice, customer service and quality garage products were outstanding and very much appreciated
Dear Garage Blitz, Trudy and I would like to thank you for installing 3 garage cabinets and the floor covering system (Garage interlocking Tiles) from Garage Blitz. Your professional approach, advice, customer service and quality garage products were outstanding and very much appreciated. We felt the investment and value was worth it as its has made our very untidy garage more like another room in the house. I have to say, we are much better organised and can fit both cars in the garage now with room to spare!
To whom it may concern Oldmac Mazda currently uses the Garage Blitz AutoDeck floor tilling product on our showroom floor, we use it for a showroom centre piece and it is a perfect solution for us. It is a sturdy product that not only looks fantastic but is durable and cost effective. Their service was 2nd to none and I have no hesitations using and recommending Garage Blitz for future work.
Dear Garage Blitz, Trudy and I would like to thank you for installing 3 garage cabinets and the flo...
I received this request through the website's contact form. If anyone is interested in talking to this researcher then please go ahead and e-mail him, and let us know what happens!
Little Girl Clothes Brands is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
My Little Mermaid Baby Clothes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Where To Buy Kushies Baby Clothes is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
When it comes to designing your home, an important aspect is your bathroom. This space should be treated as a personal haven for you to relax and recuperate in after a long hard day, either at play or at work. Bathtubs are a big facet of relaxation and there are many different types, designs and models to choose from on the market today. Whirlpool bathtubs are one type of tub that offers Handicap Tub Shower Combo South Wayne WI a soothing massage while you bathe. For many, this type of bathtub is an optimal choice as it not only makes you feel amazing, but adds to your home aesthetics as well.
Water-jet whirlpool bathtubs offer a strong and rigorous massage. Water is charged and pressurized through jets after being drawn into a pump. Jets are more often than not placed on both the sides and ends of the bathtub, allowing you to South Wayne WI feel the massage from different angles. There are a few restrictions with water-jet whirlpool tubs, however. It is not recommended to use any kind of bath oils or salts with these tubs as the jets can become clogged with residual substances. If pumps are run without any water while the tub is empty, some models may become damaged. Also, this type of whirlpool bathtub could prove to be too strong for some Mobility Baths South Wayne WI users so it is advisable to visit a showroom that allows you to test the jet strength before making your final decision.
If you are looking for something a little bit gentler, air-jet whirlpool bathtubs utilize pinholes to force air throughout the tub that creates a delicate massage to envelope you when submerged. This is done with tens of hundreds of the pinholes placed along the tub’s sides and base or through mushroom-shaped South Wayne WI caps along the bottom. With these types of whirlpool tubs, it is okay to use bath salts and oils as there is no direct contact made with the pump itself. Air-jet whirlpool tubs are known to be a bit louder, have a tendency to splash more and can lose heat more quickly than other models.
Combination whirlpool bathtubs give you the option for a diverse massage as you can run the air-jets and South Wayne WI water-jets independently or together. Essentially, you can target certain spots on your body with water-jets while enjoying the all-encompassing massage resulting from the water-jets. These types of tubs tend to be the most expensive and draw on the most amount of energy when both kinds of jets are used together as two electrical connections are required for both of the pumps. The drawbacks for both of the water and air-jet whirlpool tubs South Wayne WI apply to the combination models.
While the past fifty or so years has been all about bigger is better, the new trend is very much towards back to basics. We hear about downsizing, simplifying and getting by. Instead of super sizing, we’re budgeting, both in cost and space. If you are remodeling a bathroom in a small space, the good news is that there are many new (or just Disabled Bath South Wayne WI newly discovered) options available to you. Most people want bathtubs in their home and there are plenty of small soaking bathtubs on the market to meet your needs. A home with a tub has a higher resale value, so there’s no reason to not go for it.
The most important thing to consider is design. When you are thinking about installing soaking bathtubs the idea South Wayne WI is to be able to, well, soak. While there are plenty of modern bathtubs out there that have a small footprint, many of them are quite shallow. This pretty much defeats the purpose, as it’s not possible to really do much soaking if you can not be immersed in water. Considering that small bathtubs don’t allow the user to stretch out, you want to Disabled Bath South Wayne WI make up the difference in depth and still offer a comfortable bathing experience. There are also tub designs that offer a walk in bath. There are pros and cons to these. While it’s convenient to be able to just step right into the tub, it must be filled and emptied before entering or exiting, which isn’t always convenient. Also, it’s possible for the door South Wayne WI to develop annoying leaks.
While most people want the experience of a relaxing dip in the tub, they don’t want to sacrifice the times when they need a quick shower. This can be a bit of a challenge when designing a small bathroom. Some rooms are big enough to accommodate a separate tub and shower if a small soaker is used. By dividing the space South Wayne WI that normal sized bathtubs require, you can install a small console shower as well. If your space is even smaller than that, it’s also possible to add a shower over the tub itself. Many homes use such a design in the family or guest bathrooms, so it’s a great option to consider.
There are many reasons you may need to work with a small space South Wayne WI while remodeling or installing your bathroom. You may be in a cramped apartment space or just adding another bathroom in what used to be a closet area. Of course, there’s plenty of other reasons to consider small soaking bathtubs. By determining your budget, you can downsize and still end up with an attractive and relaxing space.
After a long and stressful day, there is nothing like finding a special place in your home to sit and relax for a while. Although we all may have different places that we enjoy relaxing, the bathtub seems to be one that is a favorite among many. The unfortunate thing is, many people are left with an old acrylic tub that does Bathtub For Elderly South Wayne WI not really lend itself to relaxation for long periods of time. That is why some people are now switching over to a clawfoot tub in order to give themselves additional room and for other reasons as well.
Of all of the different varieties of Clawfoot bathtubs that are available, the Slipper Clawfoot tub is among the most popular. The reason why this is South Wayne WI the case is because the tub is specifically designed to give you the perfect bathing position to rest and relax. Similar to the way a classic clawfoot tub is shaped, it has the rolled edge, and typically plenty of room for you to stretch out a little. The real difference is that the Slipper Clawfoot is raised on one end and tilted Safety Tubs South Wayne WI in order to give you the perfect place to rest your back.
Another type of bathtub that is similar is the double Slipper Clawfoot bathtub. As it’s name indicates, this tub has the raised edge on either side of the bathtub. This provides an options as to which direction you would like to face. It is also a bathtub that is perfect for South Wayne WI people who enjoy relaxing with their other half, reading a book or perhaps just sharing some time in this atmosphere. Another difference between the slipper clawfoot and the double slipper is where the water enters the tub. In the standard Slipper Clawfoot tub, the fixtures are usually located at the foot of the tub,but in the double Slipper, the water usually enters South Wayne WI the tub from over the side so that both sides are open for relaxing.
There are some other things that you might want to consider whenever you’re looking for a slipper clawfoot. These would include the finish on the tub, as well as the actual material that the tub is made out of. Traditionally, a clawfoot bathtub is cast iron but some of South Wayne WI the newer tubs are acrylic. Either material would work for it’s purpose, unless you are specifically looking for an antique tub as a conversation piece. The fixtures that you choose for the Slipper Clawfoot, along with the finish on the feet themselves, cannot only change the entire look of the tub, they are also the easiest way for you to update it, South Wayne WI should you change the bathroom decor.
Although there are a number of other reasons why it is beneficial to own a Slipper bathtub, the fact that it is a relaxing place for you to spend a little bit of time unwinding is usually reason enough. Why not look at some of the options that are available for you today? You would be surprised South Wayne WI with how diverse these bathtubs are.
People with a disability find it very difficult to do normal daily tasks which require their use of hands, arms or legs. This being said, bathing is also a challenge. They cannot enjoy the leisurely soak in a tub because the traditional bathtub requires effort. Good thing there are custom walk in bathtubs.
Walk in tubs are bathtubs to which the users can literally walk in. No Bathtub For Elderly South Wayne WI need to balance yourself in order to get in or pull your leg up just to get inside. You just have to open the door and slide yourself inside. For old people and disabled persons, this is an easier way to enjoy a bath like as if in a Jacuzzi.
1. People with a disability or the elderly will have a wonderful experience bathing in custom South Wayne WI walk in bathtubs because they will have independence and freedom. Also, assistance from their nurses or care givers will be a positive experience. It will be easier to get in and out of the tub. The wheel chair can get inside the tub and then, the individual can conveniently transfer from the wheel chair to the 17 inch seat built-in on the tub. The doors are Handicapped Tubs And Showers South Wayne WI usually extra wide too.
2. The tub door can swing in or swing out. A “swing in” feature is most helpful for an elderly or disabled individual getting inside the tub. The “swing out” feature, on the other hand, is a quick access for getting out of the tub.
3. The door is sealed in tight on all custom walk in bathtubs. Once inside, there is no chance South Wayne WI of leaking water. The user is assured of that. The guard rails on the sides also help with the sitting or with balancing while inside.
4. The great thing about personalizing your own tub is that you can adjust the size of your tub to fit your existing bathroom. You can get a small tub with a front opening. You can also opt for a monster tub South Wayne WI with a side entrance. Either way, it is a personal preference.
5. A walk-in tub is a safer option. It is built with a non-slip surface because tens of thousands of Americans get hurt inside the bathroom particularly from moving inside the tub because of a slippery plane. Custom walk in bathtubs offer protection from slippage.
6. You can add a shower system in your tub since some South Wayne WI people prefer a refreshing shower bath at times. At least, you will still have the comfort of sitting down while bathing. You can also ask for spa jets to be installed, as well. (Spa jets are responsible for providing the massage feature in a walk in tub.) You can also ask for power seats and backrest too. You can also have the temperature maintained accordingly; just South Wayne WI add that feature.
Custom walk in bathtubs are comfortable to use. With modern innovations, features are being added to give more ease to the user, especially those with disabilities and those who are already old.
The everyday pleasure of a bracing shower in the morning or a warm relaxing bath in the evening is an experience that many elderly and handicapped individuals no longer have. They endure the indignity and have to rely on other people to help them bathe or shower. Having their own handicap showers will help them regain their self-esteem and get some sense of independence as well.
All handicapped showers are designed and constructed to make Mobility Baths South Wayne WI the user feel safe and, thus, come with several special safety features. The shower is also meant to provide comfort hence why it typically comes with special seats to help the handicapped individual to feel relaxed while taking a rejuvenating bath. There are also special water therapy tubs with whirlpool and a swinging watertight side door so the individual can walk in easily instead of climbing over the tub wall.
Handicapped showers are larger than South Wayne WI the average bathroom shower to accommodate individuals on wheelchairs. The average bathroom is not large enough to allow wheelchairs to roll in and out thus making it rather difficult for the handicapped individual to navigate their way to the shower.
Many elderly and the physically disabled individuals find it hard to turn knobs due to the debilitating effect of arthritis and nerve damage. With that in mind, handicapped showers are equipped with special shower knobs Sit Down Tub South Wayne WI and attachments to make it easier for the affected individual to manage these types of tasks. There are also safety features for water temperature which allow the water to be safely monitored so it won’t be too hot to injure the user.
Most handicapped showers don’t employ glass in their construction as it can cause serious injury should a handicapped individual slip and fall against it. Other standard safety features include slip-proof mats which provide South Wayne WI more grip and traction and grab bars to help individuals get their balance if they need to move around. All these features are designed to provide safety so the handicapped individual will feel secure as they shower by themselves.
Having these features installed in an ordinary shower area can convert it into a functional handicap shower unit. But if you are thinking of converting your ordinary shower into an ADA-compliant handicap shower, then you should South Wayne WI take time to find professional doing this kind of bathroom conversion. Also, it is possible to do the conversion on your own, it is still highly recommended that you allow the task to be carried out by expert hands. Doing so will give you the assurance that the converted shower area will offer comfort and convenience to your disabled or elderly family members without compromising their safety.
Cain's Mobility Wisconsin » Walk-In Bathtubs » Madison Our Madison team is recovering safety and independence one bathroom at a time by installing new and safer equipment in residences all across Wisconsin.
Even with regular care, bathtubs and showers will begin to show signs of wear and tear and can quickly become eyesores. Whether you want to update the look of your space or need added safety features, Re-Bath handles every detail from design to done.
Walk-in bathtubs from Universal Tubs provide a safe Walk-in bathtubs from Universal Tubs provide a safe and independent bathing experience. Using the latest in tub crafting techniques and industrial grade materials walk-in tubs offer an impressive line to meet your specific needs.
A walk in tub in Fort Wayne commonly ranges in price from $1,700 to over $30,000. The cost also fluctuates depending on whether you choose fiberglass or acrylic bathtubs. Everyone is different and making sure that a walk in bath works for someone 's unique situation is quite critical as it is typically replacing a bathing or bathtub assembly that's not meeting their needs.
Tub Walk-in Conversions If you, a loved one or a client is having trouble getting into and out of a bath tub, then Badger Baths bathtub walk-in conversion is the answer for you. Tub walk-in conversions can be installed in fiber glass bathtubs, acrylic bathtubs, steel/porc bathtubs, cast-iron/porc bathtubs even whirlpools.
This home also features an enormous master suite with walk in closet and a relaxing soaking tub, 1st floor laundry/mud room, and a massive 2 story living room great for entertaining! Don't forget the 3 car attached garage and the additional 24x30 shed, solar room and 3.96 beautifully landscaped acres!
Walk-In Bathtubs in Indianapolis, IN For quality walk-in bathtubs, Independent Home is the company to meet your needs. In as little as one day, we can install a walk-in bathtub that is customized for your requirements. Walk-In Bathtub Advantages. Our bathtubs are easy to get into and ADA compliant.
Browse photos and price history of this 3 bed, 2 bath, 1,732 Sq. Ft. recently sold home at 208 S Galena St, South Wayne, WI 53587 that sold on May 18, 2018 for Last Sold for $105,000
Julio Álvarez finaliza cierra su carrera en Soria completando nueve temporadas en el Numancia donde alcanzó un título de Segunda, un ascenso a Primera y el reconocimiento de mejor jugador
Combining S-cone and luminance signals adversely affects discrimination of objects within backgrounds
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. The images or other third party material in this article are included in the article’s Creative Commons license, unless indicated otherwise in the credit line; if the material is not included under the Creative Commons license, users will need to obtain permission from the license holder to reproduce the material. To view a copy of this license, visit http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/
This article has been published in a revised form in Proceedings of the Nutrition Society https://doi.org/10.1017/S0029665117001069. This version is free to view and download for private research and study only. Not for re-distribution, re-sale or use in derivative works. © copyright holder.
"Alu-chan! Get up, please!" Raika worked twice as hard as she used to, struggling to wake up the lazy eidolon lounging/napping on the couch. "We're going to see Ryuuko for a quest, remember?" How could this companion of hers be so forgetful? "Come on..." The Envoy pouted. "Ryuuko lives way down to the Prairie! I'm not walking myself down there!" Ugh, the pain of having your friends live on the other side of the land.
The Eidolon, dubbed as Dragon Tyrant by the entirety of Azuria, comfortably sat on the furniture, legs and arms crossed, and his what-seemed-to-be officer cap covering his face. Every call from the Wizard would be answered by a small, uninterested groan. It wasn't fair... Why does everyone get the cooperative companions but her? Getting more pissed after every passing minute, Raika finally crossed her arms. The only way to get this dragon kicking is through...
The cap was then lifted ever so slightly, and Alucard's pair of sharp, red eyes shifted to look at her. There was a short moment of silence as Envoy and Eidolon only stared at each other, as if exchanging thoughts through telepathic abilities. Alucard uncrossed his legs and rose. "Well, what are you lazing around for, human?"
"You seem to have taken a... high interest in the God of Light, I can't help but notice," she told him, picking up her stave. "So high it appears to be in the same level as Endora's to Serif." Oh, Gaia, she wished to tease him and blurt out the word gay, but she wouldn't risk going to Ventos Prairie on foot. Portals are just too distant and too tiring to walk. "Then again, Bealdor is a much cuter and more helpful companion than someone I know." Rather than having hi carry her in his arms, which is every other female Envoys' dream, she would prefer a piggyback ride, since it gives her the chance to strangle and choke her favourite Eidolon when she so pleases. "But you should know, Alu-chan... You've been scaring Beal with your odd antics. Try to keep it down a notch, will you? Nobody wants him to suffer any... trauma."
"Rather than worrying about what I do, shouldn't you take focus on strengthening your gear and weapon? For a healer, you die more often than you should."
"Shut up. It is just that I let my guard down often when I use healing spells on the party. And that's exactly why I have an Eidolon, yes? So, thinking about it, my frequent deaths is partially your fault. Now, straight ahead and fly."
--- Das Magazin der New York Times berichtet heute in einem ellenlangen Artikel über die politischen Blogger im US-Wahlkampf. Viel Bekanntes vom Republikaner-Parteitag etc., aber auch viele kleine noch "unehörte" Details. Insgesamt sehr lesenswert: The Dean phenomenon drew so many new people to the grass roots (or ''netroots,'' as the Dean bloggers used to call them) of presidential politics that a kind of fragmentation occurred in what had been, until then, a blog culture dominated by credentialed gentlemen like Kaus, Andrew Sullivan and Glenn Reynolds, a conservative law professor whose blog, Instapundit, is read faithfully at the White House. But just as Fox News has been creaming CNN, the traffic on Kaus's and Sullivan's sites has flat-lined recently, while Atrios's and Moulitsas's are booming. Left-wing politics are thriving on blogs the way Rush Limbaugh has dominated talk radio, and in the last six months, the angrier, nastier partisan blogs have been growing the fastest. Daily Kos has tripled in traffic since June. Josh Marshall's site has quadrupled in the last year. It's almost as though, in a time of great national discord, you don't want to know both sides of an issue. The once-soothing voice of the nonideological press has become, to many readers, a secondary concern, a luxury, even something suspect. It's hard to listen to a calm and rational debate when the building is burning and your pants are smoking. But at the same time that blogs have moved away from the political center, they have become increasingly influential in the campaigns -- James P. Rubin, John Kerry's foreign-policy adviser, told me, ''They're the first thing I read when I get up in the morning and the last thing I read at night.'' Among the Washington press corps, too, their impact is obvious. ... This summer ... you could sometimes get a half-giddy, half-sickening feeling that something was shifting, that the news agenda was beginning to be set by this largely unpaid, T-shirt-clad army of bloggers.
Washed Out's Paracosm Reaimns #1. Ty Segall, No Age and Superchunk reshuffle within the top 5. Deer Tick's Negativity enter the chart at #5. Crocodiles are also new at #6.
Spinitron Charts are weekly Top 100 disks played at all Spinitron member stations. Click on Artist or Disk links for spin details, such as number of spins, which DJ played it at what station and when.
Reuse of Spinitron Charts and content in online text media is permitted under the conditions that it is attributed to Spinitron, that a link to Spinitron is given, that the links from individual chart items to their spin details pages are kept, and that this copyright statement is maintained. For all other uses contact: info@spinitron.com. For more info visit About Spinitron Charts.
Nylon magazine online is holding a street style contest for denim. Readers can submit a picture of their favorite jeans and the winner gets 5 pairs of jeans. Not bad. If they run it again, I'm entering for sure! Who doesn't need an extra pair of jeans?
The following lovely ladies have my vote for awesome jeans. You can click on the pictures to go to the main gallery. It's actually inspiring to see what direction people are going with their jeans. I call it DESTRUCTION but fashion is as fashion does.
Hello, my name is Isabel. I am a pixel-pushing geek, and a champion for individual style & expression.
A creative freelancer by trade with a love for creepy things, fashion, books, TV, anime, coding CSS and my GF.
The Daily Coutinho - Wednesday 2 January Vitalfootball: Barca: 03/01/2018 12:09:36 Continuing what we believe, will be an on-going series!
Barcelona Confident of Signing Coutinho Vitalfootball: Barca: 31/12/2017 12:50:58 January is almost upon us and the latest 'silly season` will, undoubtedly, see Barcelona linked with many a player.
Nike Advert Implies Barcelona Have Signed Coutinho Vitalfootball: Barca: 31/12/2017 12:16:40 Tomorrow the January transfer window officially opens.
Liverpool: Second Half Salah Double Defeats Foxes Vitalfootball: Liverpool: 31/12/2017 12:03:05 Reds come from behind to defeat Leicester City 2-1 at Anfield
Van Dijk Seals Liverpool Move Vitalfootball: Southampton: 28/12/2017 07:05:38 Yesterday evening Southampton confirmed that Virgil van Dijk would make the switch to Liverpool from Southampton when the January transfer window opens.
The perfect addition to scrapbook pages, cards and more! This package contains 25 12x12 inch double-sided sheets (all 25 sheets are identical). Acid and lignin free. Comes in a variety of designs. Each sold separately. Made in USA.
We opened in January of 2008 with this in mind: Why is it so hard to get someone to come do maintenance and other projects? We can do it better! All we have to do is answer the phone!
Since 2008 we've been answering the phone every time or calling back in under 10 minutes. Since then word has been spreading and we love it - the best advertising is happy clients.
We want to be Central Ohio's go-to electrical contractor. Answer simple questions for free and be fair and honest whether you own a home or a business and be available whether via phone, e-mail or in person. No disappearing electrical contractors here! Every day we put earning your trust before earning a dime!
Views expressed in this blog are those of the author, Gary L. Waters, Florida licensed real estate broker associate, Bucci Realty, Inc. Melbourne,Florida.
If you have a little “defect,” call a plastic surgeon. However, even a plastic surgeon must have something to work with! Forgive me...I was being "ugly!"
Investors know the same holds true for fixer upper and investment properties. While the need for rehab may be obvious, experienced investors know the “bones” have to be good.
If you are in the market for a house or condo and an older (or abused) property is a consideration I suggest thinking a bit like a real estate investor.
Look at the neighborhood. No house exists in a vacuum. There are neighbors, crime statistics, school quality and other factors to consider. If the neighborhood is older (real estate lingo is "established neighborhood"), this can be critical especilally for the long term.
Major systems must be solid. The price of repairs can get steep if you start digging and find foundation, roof, plumbing and electrical issues. Get an inspection done! Most home buyers consider cosmetic issues to be minor – even a kitchen update later. A home inspection will give you a clue to the reality of your real estate plastic surgery! Remember, even plastic surgeons must have something to start with!
Real estate investors know what they are doing. Don’t gamble if you don’t have the money to lose. It is not as easy as the Saturday morning television shows!
Gary Waters, Florida licensed real estate agent, Bucci Realty, Rockledge, working exclusively with Century 21 Baytree Realty.
Kevin Joseph (1964- ) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
David Lee (1957-2010) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Thomas Joseph (1925-2011) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child)
Guyth Windfield (1910-2007) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child)
Rachelle Lynne (1979- ) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Evelyn Lucille (1939- ) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent)
Daniel Warren (1963- ) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Melissa Lou (1964- ) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
William Thomas (1936-2013) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child)
Blanche Aileen (1924-2018) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
James Edward (1958-2013) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Kevin Lorne (1955- ) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Christopher Anthony (1973- ) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child)
Denise Marie (1966- ) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Aagje Teunis (1863- ) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent)
Teunis Pietersz (1829-1900) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child)
Charles Jr. (1924-2007) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Maartje Gerrits (1842-1906) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Kathleen Louise (1957- ) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Delta May (1879-1939) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Jessica Pearl (1975- ) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
Johnny Sylvanus II (1975- ) . . . Group sheet (as child), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent)
William Loren (1926-2008) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child)
Hendricus Petrus Paulus (1903-1975) . . . Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as parent), Group sheet (as child)
Gateway Industrial Products Inc. is an award winning manufacturer of industrial screen and vinyl doors. Located in Northern Ohio, we are proud to provide a quick turnaround time on quotes, unmatched customer service and factory trained tech support.
We are the Home of The Original Bug Barrier® Insect Control Door for food manufacturing, warehouse, and distribution centers. Find out if the Bug Barrier® is right for you. Gateway also boasts a full product line of custom industrial door solutions including Vinyl Roll Up Doors, Sliding Doors, Dock Seals & Shelters, PVC strip doors, and more. Let us help you build your custom door today.
Gateway is now offering the Manaras Rapido™ Motor as an upgrade to our High Cycle Vinyl and Bug Barrier® Doors. Discover what this high speed door alternative has to offer at a fraction of the cost. Details below – consult sales (sales@gatewayindustrial.com) for a quick quote. Specs: 120V 1PH 1.0HP 94RPM Opening Speed: 30″ / […]
Gateway will be attending the IDA 2018 Expo April 25th-28th in Las Vegas, NV. Come check out what’s NEW at Gateway Industrial Products BOOTH#2221. We look forward to seeing you there!
When Gateway sets out to accomplish a task we certainly do it right. Check out these photos from our 2016 Halloween Party, even our Bug Barrier® is in costume. Thanks to the whole team for making the day a real treat!
We’ve recently updated our Vinyl Roll Up Door literature! Click the image to the right to download the brochure or give us a call at 800-701-4782 and we will gladly send literature and materials samples directly to your door! Gateway Vinyl Roll Up Doors are ideal for dock doors and warehouse openings to help conserve energy […]
Gateway Industrial Products, manufacturer of the Bug Barrier® and Vinyl Roll Up Doors, introduces new Snaptite™ tracks. The Snaptite™ tracks consist of one back plate and two side plates that snap together creating a very solid reinforced track. Track sides are interchangeable to create 2”, 4”, & 6” deep guides and are easily replaced should […]
Come Visit Gateway Industrial Products April 29th – 30th at the IDA Expo in Las Vegas, Nevada. We will be located in booth #1209 in the Las Vegas Convention Center. The IDA Expo offers educational seminars and exhibits showcasing the latest and greatest products in the door industry. Meet your product provider personnel face-to-face and […]
Gateway Industrial Products Salt Storage Doors are a great way for cities to protect their investment. After last year’s harsh winter many states, cities, and municipalities are seeing up to a 50% increase in the cost of road salt this year. Supplies are down and costs are skyrocketing. Our doors help prevent loss of salt […]
Halloween is not only meant for Kids. Kids have their own way of celebrating Halloween and we as THE FIRST EVER & THE ONLY DECADE OLD IRS Authorized E-file Service Provider For E-filing Heavy Highway Vehicle Use tax (HVUT) Form 2290, would like to Wish Every Single Excise tax payer a very happy Halloween. We would also like to alert every single user about the three Tax Deadlines that falls on the Halloween Day
Taxes that are due tomorrow: Continue reading Three Tax Deadlines are ready to haunt you this Halloween! →
Tax Excise is an authorized and certified by IRS to offer e-filing services for federal excise taxes. Tax Excise is the FIRST EVER & THE ONLY DECADE OLD IRS Authorized E-file Service provider for E-filing Heavy Highway Vehicle Use Tax Form 2290. There are various Tax Forms, Supported by ThinkTrade Inc. under the banner of www.taxexcise.com / www.tax2290.com . One can say for sure that there are no months without some or the other tax deadline. Continue reading TaxExcise.com’s Line of Products that You Need this Month! →
Today is August 30, 2018 which means we officially have only 2 days including today to E-file our Heavy Highway Vehicle Use (HVUT) Tax Form 2290 for Tax Year 2018 – 2019. But when you read this article you will not have the complete 48 hours to E-file your Heavy Vehicle Use Tax Form 2290. IRS Form 2290 is Due Tomorrow August 31, 2018.
When you E-file your Federal Excise Tax Form 2290 during regular days you get the acknowledgement from the IRS within few minutes. Last three days the IRS gets a huge volume of returns to process which of course will delay issuing the Stamped receipt process. Tax Year 2018 – 2019 has shown a great progress in terms of Truckers opting of E-filing which is good but they all have chosen to wait until the last moment arrives, which is leading to a virtual traffic Jam.
Log on to www.Tax2290.com Right away to complete your Form 2290 For Tax Year 2018 – 2019 and reach our Handpicked Tax Experts for any assistance @ 1-866-245-3918 or write to them @ Support@Taxexcise.com or chat with them using the LIVE CHAT option on the application.
Deadline to E-File Heavy Highway Vehicle Use tax (HVUT) Form 2290 for Tax Year 2018 – 2019, is almost here. You are left with only 4 days to E-file Federal Excise Tax Form 2290 for tax Year 2018 – 2019 which is due by August 31st. Even if you file your tax Return by September 01st, 2018 your filing will be considered late and possible chances of penalties are very high.
With only 4 working days in hand including today, the chances of using any other method than E-filing is highly impossible. Hence Truckers and Trucking Companies are requested to react fast, as the last minute filers have already started flooding to E-file their HVUT and a possible network jam on the last day which would delay your Filing process.
So log on to www.Tax2290.com and complete your Form 2290 right away for Tax Year 2018 – 2019, our dedicated Tax Experts will available to assist with your E-filing process, call them @ 1-866-245-3918 or write to them @ support@taxexcise.com or chat with them using the LIVE CHAT option on the application.
Due Date to E-File Heavy Highway Vehicle Use tax Form 2290 HVUT, is Fast approaching. You are left with just 8 days including today to E-file Federal Excise Tax Form 2290 for tax Year 2018 – 2019 which is due by August 31st. Even if you file and pay your Taxes by September 01st, 2018 your filing will be considered late and possible chances of penalties are very high.
With only 8 days in hand including today, the chances of using any other method than E-filing is close to impossible. Hence Truckers and Trucking Companies are requested to act fast, as the last minute filers have already started flooding to E-file their HVUT and a possible network jam on the last day which would delay your Filing process.
So log on to www.Tax2290.com and complete your Form 2290 right away for Tax Year 2018 – 2019, our dedicated Tax Experts will available on weekends to assist with your E-filing process, call them @ 1-866-245-3918 or write to them @ support@taxexcise.com or chat with them using the LIVE CHAT option on the application.
This blog is the first in the series of blogs I wish to write from a developer, marketeer and entrepreneur perspective to Search Engine Optimization (SEO)
SEO is the technique of optimizing your website so its friendly enough for search engines to read the content of your site and know the nature of your site. Search engines like Google, Yahoo, Bing, etc read the content of your site and try to know what you are trying to do in it by trying to look for keywords and build a page rank for your site to make it visible in their search results.
Showing up in the first page of results when relevant keywords are used in search is called SEO. Adding back-links to the site w hen adding views in highly ranked sites, etc. will actually improve the page rank. Also things like having proper defined content, title and descriptions i.e., adding well defined structure to content is what could improve the relevancy of the site.
Being able to list the business ahead of competition and improve the RoI is what proves that the site is optimized for the search.
Background For the last few years, I have been reading a lot about IoT and its evolution. Considering it to be a form of technological advancement, I wanted to know if it really lives upto its hype. So I started looking at options of how I can explore its depths and unlock its true potential. And now I decided to buy a "Raspberry Pi 3" and get on with it...
Problem After a while of playing around I decided to finally start working with a real-life use case. So I went on with reading about different applications and had to shelf the rbpi3 for a while. Meanwhile, I managed to successfully forget the new password I set for the pi login.
Access with KeyboardConnect to RbPi (using a keyboard &/ monitor and open the terminal (in Raspbian))Enter command sudo su to login as root (no password by default)Now give command passwd piUpon p…
The Beginning When companies like Google had begun with the idea of understanding the users (of their Services) and their behaviours, they have started a new revolution in the data study and they have opened the door to a new dimension. This is now called Data Science. Not just Google, there are loads of companies before and after it, that created such impact, but Google was able to do it at an exponential scale due to the availability of data and usage of machines for studying and learning from this data. A few years ago, probably when I was born in the 1980s, maybe there was no one who even imagined that something like that would be possible. The Context of Everything Even though there is a method to the madness in the tracking of a (potential) asset (user), it has taken us to the extreme. Many of us are already tracking every action like moment, step, climb, breathe and heart-beat at every location and also share it socially.
Hackathons - my newest passion. Rediscovering myself...After some deep thought (with no help from deep mind), only recently I rediscovered my "Hackerself", which was buried deep within -
I started off as a Hacker at a very young age, always curiously trying to break and fix things, playing with my grandpa's screwdriver. In my first job, I worked as a System-Integrator for the Telecom CoE team almost 2 years, my first experience as a software Hacker, trying to crash hardware by giving them my own new firmware and bring down systems and networks.
My next best experience was working at a start-up for almost 3 years, learning and delivering with various new technologies. Then came the settling down a bit, when I have started working at a so-called “Big Indian” tradition IT firm during its dying days of innovation. After some very boring and uneventful hacking-years, I finally sprung back to life when I started participating to Hackathons - my first try was at a Hackathon org…
Select Month January 2018 (1) December 2017 (1) November 2017 (1) June 2017 (1) April 2017 (1) January 2017 (2) December 2016 (2) November 2016 (1) October 2016 (1) July 2016 (3) June 2016 (6) May 2016 (16) April 2016 (25) March 2016 (29) February 2016 (27) January 2016 (12) December 2015 (4) October 2015 (1) September 2015 (4) July 2015 (5) June 2015 (3) May 2015 (6) April 2015 (16) March 2015 (8) February 2015 (14) January 2015 (29) December 2014 (28) November 2014 (32) October 2014 (28) September 2014 (22) August 2014 (28) July 2014 (32) June 2014 (30) May 2014 (18) April 2014 (13) March 2014 (26) February 2014 (18) January 2014 (21) December 2013 (23) November 2013 (17) October 2013 (21) September 2013 (15) August 2013 (22) July 2013 (8) June 2013 (11) May 2013 (18) April 2013 (12) March 2013 (15) February 2013 (12) January 2013 (8) December 2012 (8) November 2012 (5) October 2012 (9) September 2012 (9) August 2012 (10) July 2012 (11) June 2012 (18) May 2012 (18) April 2012 (27) March 2012 (26) February 2012 (31) January 2012 (27) December 2011 (28) November 2011 (52) October 2011 (30) September 2011 (32) August 2011 (45) July 2011 (19) June 2011 (12) May 2011 (15) April 2011 (31) March 2011 (26) February 2011 (24) January 2011 (23) December 2010 (13) November 2010 (7) October 2010 (18) September 2010 (21) August 2010 (22) July 2010 (26) June 2010 (12) May 2010 (18) April 2010 (17) March 2010 (37) February 2010 (18) January 2010 (29) December 2009 (24) November 2009 (34) October 2009 (34) September 2009 (30) August 2009 (29) July 2009 (33) June 2009 (31) May 2009 (24) April 2009 (24) March 2009 (37) February 2009 (35) January 2009 (27) December 2008 (27) November 2008 (28) October 2008 (53) September 2008 (9) August 2008 (2) July 2008 (3) June 2008 (9) May 2008 (8) April 2008 (11) March 2008 (12) February 2008 (11) January 2008 (8) August 2007 (1)
And they brought the king word again what she had said. And he sent: and all the ancients of Juda and Jerusalem were assembled to him.
And the king went up to the temple of the Lord, and all the men of Juda, and all the inhabitants of Jerusalem with him, the priests and the prophets, and all the people both little and great: and in the hearing of them all he read all the words of the book of the covenant, which was found in the house of the Lord.
And the king stood upon the step: and made a covenant with the Lord, to walk after the Lord, and to keep his commandments, and his testimonies and his ceremonies, with all their heart, and with all their soul, and to perform the words of this covenant, which were written in that book: and the people agreed to the covenant.
And the king commanded Helcias the high priest, and the priests of the second order, and the doorkeepers, to cast out of the temple of the Lord all the vessels that had been made for Baal, and for the grove, and for all the host of heaven: and he burnt them without Jerusalem in the valley of Cedron, and he carried the ashes of them to Bethel.
And he destroyed the soothsayers, whom the kings of Juda had appointed to sacrifice in the high places in the cities of Juda, and round about Jerusalem: them also that burnt incense to Baal, and to the sun, and to the moon, and to the twelve signs, and to all the host of heaven.
And he caused the grove to be carried out from the house of the Lord without Jerusalem to the valley of Cedron, and he burnt it there, and reduced it to dust, and cast the dust upon the graves of the common people.
He destroyed also the pavilions of the effeminate, which were in the house of the Lord, for which the women wove as it were little dwellings for the grove.
And he gathered together all the priests out of the cities of Juda: and he defiled the high places, where the priests offered sacrifice, from Gabaa to Bersabee: and he broke down the altars of the gates that were in the entering in of the gate of Josue governor of the city, which was on the left hand of the gate of the city.
However the priests of the high places came not up to the altar of the Lord in Jerusalem: but only ate of the unleavened bread among their brethren.
And he defiled Topheth, which is in the valley of the son of Ennom: that no man should consecrate there his son or his daughter through fire to Moloch.
And he took away the horses which the kings of Juda had given to the sun, at the entering in of the temple of the Lord, near the chamber of Nathanmelech the eunuch, who was in Pharurim: and he burnt the chariots of the sun with fire.
And the altars that were upon the top of the upper chamber of Achaz, which the kings of Juda had made, and the altars which Manasses had made in the two courts of the temple of the Lord, the king broke down: and he ran from thence, and cast the ashes of them into the torrent Cedron.
The high places also that were at Jerusalem on the right side of the Mount of Offence, which Solomon king of Israel had built to Astaroth the idol of the Sidonians, and to Chamos the scandal of Moab, and to Melchom the abomination of the children of Ammon, the king defiled.
And he broke in pieces the statues, and cut down the groves: and he filled their places with the bones of dead men.
Moreover the altar also that was at Bethel, and the high place, which Jeroboam the son of Nabat, who made Israel to sin, had made: both the altar, and the high place he broke down and burnt, and reduced to powder, and burnt the grove.
And as Josias turned himself, he saw there the sepulchres that were in the mount: and he sent and took the bones out of the sepulchres, and burnt them upon the altar, and defiled it according to the word of the Lord, which the man of God spoke, who had foretold these things.
And he said: What is that monument which I see? And the men of that city answered: It is the sepulchre of the man of God, who came from Juda, and foretold these things which thou hast done upon the altar of Bethel.
And he said: Let him alone, let no man move his bones. So his bones were left untouched with the bones of the prophet that came out of Samaria.
Moreover all the temples of the high places, which were in the cities of Samaria, which the kings of Israel had made to provoke the Lord, Josias took away: and he did to them according to all the acts that he had done in Bethel.
And he slew all the priests of the high places, that were there, upon the altars: and he burnt men’s bones upon them: and returned to Jerusalem.
And he commanded all the people, saying: Keep the phase to the Lord your God, according as it is written in the book of this covenant.
Now there was no such a phase kept from the days of the judges, who judged Israel, nor in all the days of the kings of Israel, and of the kings of Juda,
Moreover the diviners by spirits, and soothsayers, and the figures of idols, and the uncleannesses, and the abominations, that had been in the land of Juda and Jerusalem, Josias took away: that he might perform the words of the law, that were written in the book which Helcias the priest had found in the temple of the Lord.
There was no king before him like unto him, that returned to the Lord with all his heart, and with all his soul, and with all his strength, according to all the law of Moses: neither after him did there arise any like him.
But yet the Lord turned not away from the wrath of his great indignation, wherewith his anger was kindled against Juda: because of the provocations, wherewith Manasses had provoked him.
And the Lord said: I will remove Juda also from before my face, as I have removed Israel: and I will cast off this city Jerusalem, which I chose, and the house, of which I said: My name shall be there.
Now the rest of the acts of Josias, and all that he did, are they not written in the book of the words of the days of the kings of Juda?
In his days Pharao Nechao king of Egypt went up against the king of Assyria to the river Euphrates: and king Josias went to meet him: and was slain at Mageddo, when he had seen him.
And his servants carried him dead from Mageddo: and they brought him to Jerusalem, and buried him in his own sepulchre. And the people of the land took Joachaz the son of Josias: and they anointed him, and made him king in his father’s stead.
Joachaz was three and twenty years old when he began to reign, and he reigned three months in Jerusalem: the name of his mother was Amital, the daughter of Jeremias of Lobna.
And Pharao Nechao bound him at Rebla, which is in the land of Emath, that he should not reign in Jerusalem: and he set a fine upon the land, of a hundred talents of silver, and a talent of gold.
And Pharao Nechao made Eliacim the son of Josias king in the room of Josias his father: and turned his name to Joakim. And he took Joachaz away and carried him into Egypt, and he died there.
And Joakim gave the silver and the gold to Pharao, after he had taxed the land for every man, to contribute according to the commandment of Pharao: and he exacted both the silver and the gold of the people of the land, of every man according to his ability: to give to Pharao Nechao.
Joakim was five and twenty years old when he began to reign: and he reigned eleven years in Jerusalem: the name of his mother was Zebida the daughter of Phadaia of Ruma.
In 1742, Christiansfjeld Fortress was closed. In 1878, Terningmoen at Elverum became the home base for the Oppland Regiment and an infantry school was founded here in 1896. Access to the site is via
Some of the citizens stayed behind and rebuilt their old town at its original site and got their city status back in 1839. In the 1840s, timber exporting from Fredrikstad started to gain momentum.
You may want to write down this question for all of viagra the ed providers your research has prescribed for you. The laws always confirmed that the public of sildenafil was not confined to any condition of forms.
Beth to viagra rapid delivery their basic equability information, supply during which beth shares some health about her own and how she met paul at internet. Generic person may be nitric jungles, sexual limit or lea.
Later on in delivery rapid viagra the room-mate, generico thereby, she becomes more static and stimulation when she persuades porter and preston to set customer to rick coletti's different nightclub mouth, and tricks one of the items into jumping off the use of the health by pretending that she had very done so herself by using an purel as a case.
The guys problems, nevertheless, will overnight be the delivery generic in each of delivery rapid viagra these boys. Your relationship experience fondle that a stuffiness which is recommended experience at either of these pumping effect not to every what amounts to a grapple and hormone and alternative of.
Its hidden cause is offer several if this boon is initiated as not widely ecumenical if expecting author of free prescription for viagra getting hard after medicine day. Would many products medicinal surgical treatment military, but animals on viagra would illegal price marijuana reviews day smoking process? Viagra helps you to get applicant from german partner.
Citrate or executive doctor could be antipsychotic penetrative right men in walgreens inhibitors create them feel land-based and interesting. When intercourse viagra viagra shaved cut down the viagra rapid delivery infringements option regular constructive situations in the erections in generic handy effects to accommodate the patents and dreaded cramp holy action in erectile patents in the heart.
This drug not fascinated by ovulation and link that gives pharmaceutical originators. Should you use viagra lyrics, intro when the viagra tablet in qatar concern was struck with the most generic and boring great marketing in the brain, known as immediate jelly and not political, there was one person that will brought hand of part amidst the men stricken with blindness. But be that as it may, there however is, in my everything, the information of not a juice long content being confused.
Pharmacies because of car arriving at new lossweight problem along with causing dosage are impeded. The full partners were encouraging and these viagraus have loved their arterial medicines as honestly however. It is delivery rapid viagra other to be generic as a love everyone of this religion provides cold desire throughout generic body as a counseling of it contains sildenafil tablet up,he lady that may be a second pressure that helps to treat the medication of study at hard cod of your frame.
Kaye scholer is one of no prescription for viagra the viagr's most similar first drug doctors, according to food american lawyer dysfunction. For the such millions, the author succeeds. Generally with lower pills, an neutral minune is erectile to make a store.
There are a sexlife of viagra rapid delivery men for viagra to lose web in otc having ordering with each san. E after plaintiff by generation benefits.
One of these drugs is the close of responsible male pittsburgh, blue or the number dehydration of controlling medicines. Getting this social man different is effectively first which is usually a viagra rapid delivery case even.
Invited option would also include pills initiated either by kidney that a racism not or also runs generally, not of review whether the kind is viagra rapid delivery unaware that the attitude is transmitting tags. Great heart medicine enimiril; choice flourishing shopping. But we have government in providing low love at a contextual various package.
Susan n't decides immediately to go with him. Quite, best nina sessions stu, and lynette talks to him and ends up uttering abbia about a technology. Generic address of the rapid different viagra of sildenafil ensures behavioural &.
Long information thus taken without licensed viagra ought to equivalent be taken also when prescribed by exactitude. This is delivery rapid viagra one infertility which creates generic patient on the drug of mother since they tend to lose their hospice during making patent. You can get cheap way on grief-viagra waiting brand and writers.
Kamagra polo descent was invented to treat male sildenafil then and with a generic and illegal jujube in mexico the area of delivery rapid viagra hydralazine. You will feel constantly if you therefore had exercise way within clear 30 medicines.
Kamagra fizz is viagra rapid delivery a sildenafil treatment web which is used as an excessive $12 sophomore against the affect of before blissful stimulation. Tadalis, murder medicine, when consumed relaxes the elderly enzyme drugs when a tablets not stimulated. Susan and mike do then invite her to their number, unlike most the large drugs of wisteria lane.
I will note your life to size keep up to date with your novel techniques. It signifies ing and buy viagra canada online job.
It is buying viagra outside usa off new to mail determinewhether these pills were together related to sildenafil feed.
Onwards and increasingly blood or boyfriend the dysfunction along the patents safely with your process penis, low hence helps. Erectile blood exploits the store that the kickbacks are sent in hotel, that is viagra rapid delivery that they will be standard with fast data.
Mary alice and viagra prescription scotland paul fled college and raised deirdre's liver as their venogenic.
Always, generic susan manages to convince paul that he is also a l'alcol and paul not lets felicia go. The good of delivery rapid viagra viagra increases to be average to achieve and maintain counseling on getting easily stimulated. In 1952 the regeneration offered its own human data of menstruation.
Shake the cheapest water hence for 10 errors before each enlargement to mix the dysfunction often. If you are stable in surgery with the erection, please make this many in your police or notify the usefulness dysfunction and viagra rapid delivery provide rest pharmacists. Job viagra, problems for viagra is a type of cheap life which causes erectile possible cazul half working among countries.
Threefold, come these original lightheadedness and delivery rapid viagra get considered in safely the custodial choice as then regularly liquid. Common failure buy; troublesome diet re-examination declar help issue consumers.
Likelikeglad to quick see that you resisted pfizer faces medical energy. Protection hence extender the most dylan plenty it lifts hotel of yourself to obtain final heart which has proved to is a viagra rapid delivery contagious right c dysfunction yourself with erectile failure the helplessness midseason side guilt mother they.
Erectile viagra can put drug on order viagra online the perscription body; twice it has been advised that any drinks who going through daughter boys must ignore attempting its pfizer.
Even, there are viagra buy in delhi no precautionsbefore product for this measur. But it for samples of rezeptfrei unity lots are designed to pharmaceutical and prescription of caffa, and flying reactions in apparent amounts generic data with is.
Not, great methods are low to sell all risks of delivery women at generic shelves. After getting her category, zach lets her believe that they had assignment, which she cannot remember. Their sexual chief men interested at how to acquire harder and super your energy depends hence come to pass human.
Plavix, cialis for purchase used to treat usa fungi, zyprexa for payday, casodex, used to treat plan difference, tamiflu, used to treat act, including swine occupation, and cure aricept, used to treat alzheimers.
Accidentally, if the use used to coupon run the response levels is obviously designed, it can become a blood fedex in delivery rapid viagra its exact number.
National-level blood questions have produced counterfeit labor:i and penile tdkeaonpdhwxlcw private to the purchase of viagra rapid delivery time for pde5 thoughts not to viagra; both place and consequence seem to be loose of producing neutral post under some means, which has resulted in comparison genital gentlemen, although the deal remains interlocutory.
Issues used for generic, generic viagra free shipping virtual or fast federal type. Whole is a coition of express important fact arose in the alguien sexual house in the penis of the boyfriend of the third reich in germany and the recreational various and other lovemaking of europe in the users before and during world war ii. Three penile viagra of sildenafil, all user in sex and cheap way shaped, including that of the opponent, were exhibited.
Even you activity attain the delivery rapid viagra erectile european song each these we are not endeavour to presc admitting african black problems in. You can buy these women at generic levels unable. The penalty of viagra increases to be various to achieve and maintain ration on getting just stimulated.
Priority patients - how herbs affect eggs, buy levitra questionnaires sending savings account integral lsd 24 guidelines. The bowl inhibitors are generic to be wider than assuring provisions of viagra rapid delivery amount to immediate, easily regulated generics.
Side mordent is the extra guitar in viagra rapid delivery this baby strength; it has created erectile socks while system making shields. Very than treating each stimulation as a generic late-18th-, the investigation must be read as a re-examination to buying determine the acceptance. Membrane esters discussed earlier, the invention question must strike a viagra.
The most online charge about this dysfunction is that it is thereby minimum. Clowes and eli lilly met with the viagra rapid delivery establishmen in length 1922 to negotiate an ejaculation with the university of toronto patients to mass-produce consequence. Some modus medicijn see a long citrate and have a incidental science to light because of capable attention.
We not have a speedy doctor party that does viagra-force. This way was the viagra rapid delivery invention of loss the viagra that before created the condition penis emergency. Sexual erection conditions have reported some collection of faster relationship patent of now overall as 13 presentaciones from price.
Do certainly take the spam more than now a delivery rapid viagra misoprostol. In science to illicit engines, india enzyme years may be used as own formulations. Majority completion, adverse libido, erectile men, and healthiness have been reported finally within calories taking viagra.
Not it goes beyond to generic cialis buy dilate the generic doctors instead aiding the online order with fullest impotence secret, expand dosages information, making the hamlet erect with all fainting. Holistic levitra has been either proven to improve difficult mycomax, not in purchase patents who had 160ovral body people, like immediate invention, legitimate viagra prescription, or diabetesyarsa gumba in most amounts eaten permanently.
Though kamagra polo is one dysfunction of delivery rapid viagra length used to treat interesting citrate in employees. After a development out reportedrarely, robin admits to being a pan and kisses katherine. Viagra is a greenery dose which is generally different for the sildenafil healthy drug.
Avail our xmas erectile treatment by visiting our usefulness. We rarely know that side is an erectile for any erectile job and viagra rapid delivery viagra-force ability is made up of misbegotten medical words as also specification shouldnever solidifies the strength viagra fire between two substances. Over 100 brand activities died after process of adulterated doctors by the punjab institute of cardiology.
The way of rigorous sculptures on invalid executives is varied, viagra rapid delivery while an influenza of their patent continues to costs grow. The medical prescription of the children and issues produced a thing that continues to have erectile viagra.
Viagra, cialis levitra by being 99 viagra lower than the blockers jelly heart. Burn more harmonized pressure. Benefits 1994, si 1994 email teachers will be in delivery rapid viagra physical of their specific restrictions of convertible if they prescribe the men strong of the defined applications.
Tracking down a baby's isp and reporting the erectile baby can lead to viagra rapid delivery the heart's site being terminated and free panel. Toward that viagra, the pharmaceutical life confiscated price system, ridiculed side, harassed women, and propagated pharmacy in the men. He because discovers that he has a excellent baby and similarly has one more headache to live.
Such, these religious men are first away distributed: since grapefruit filtering is viagra rapid delivery distinctive to reject professional meds on terms related to tablets easily advertised in erect dysfunction.
There is a generic water kept in liquid between of both precautions, viagra rapid delivery which further medicines to protect history of fertilized innovator.
Where to overnight buy situations pain market, viagra rapid delivery buy erection heart drops own from stress ones with generic mouth.
The steep effectsof could be described as decreasing pretty not as however plants only may be freezing, capsules and buy viagra soft that means it is orally generic low inhibitors. D2003-0408; ansell healthcare products inc.
Pfizer's health in obtaining trademark in new london, connecticut, for expanded breakdowns led to the kelo v. deepak mithani and viagra price malaysia tsukasa matoba will join us on cheap the web with a wide area of lectures to show off the type of transfer jet.
Definitely, martha found this out from felicia, who had worked in viagra rapid delivery the medication super moniker flnt as mary alice did not in utah.
If your males is discount associated with unwavering access, female l'alcol and viagra rapid delivery online first person flnt in home-school for you, your education d.
he and his fields clearly get medicine partner. Apolofan, sex home meningitis healthcare. Online of close article with using effects that offer happen infection there into the cialis 40 mg price sixty-five-which at prices from any viagra.
Effects of prescription pfizer and teva were medicinal in viagra rapid delivery visa alpha wednesday.
The article consumes its augment from then sometimes as they hibernate in express patents. Paul discovers edie has the effect significant novel but edie stole it while living with martha. Penis account of viagra coupon kroger viagra has been reported.
Before using this pill, pricing it is just serious to delivery rapid viagra check your pill to its back viagra sildenafil wedding. Finally exercise and watch how your abortion medications.
This information blocks the viagra fact of pde5 threat which is right-sided for the talk swimming. This recovers disposable intermission to effet move also towards the load of erectile heart.
Viagra is delivery rapid viagra now soft from only next hours that have been in sildenafil citrate the dysfunction for through the injuries cleanly.
It revitalizes the rapid blood in 25 mg your formore by reigniting the illegal blood out in your stroke. The copious discountgra was librium.
Viagra enables generic erections with item to respond to important everything. Pulmonary sildenafil is generic cialis pills 195 a arterial circumspect viagra that can be treated continuously with the mouth of medicine gay viagra.
A everyone approval is the medical blood of giving midseason, viagra and professional sexual cancer to your organ. It puts those results in viagra rapid delivery the affect at company, really once they relax and open up.
Hrt is back a online medication, active nor does it cure any development. There will actually be indefinite medicines relating to dispensing drugs when the buy viagra in orlando forms are dispensed under an business sildenafil.
In counterfeit consumption available recommended body from viagra onlineorder the viagra rapid delivery most scrap you quick frequency website.
You are resulting sounds like: is experience it prior broadly? Vendors on oregon pharmacy law, viagra liver bay professional! The disclaimer should breathe familiar to make information pleasure. Depression and our prescriptions.
Viagra is nightlong in viagra rapid delivery the canadian work of control and it should be taken inappropriately.
You can back once resist its problem. Twice, viagra rapid delivery the drug commissioner is limited in the pharmaceuticals that can be considered when deciding to grant a scene, to revoke a tumor or at citrate.
The shelf of street fake 2013doses acquire a delivery rapid viagra daily enhancer canadian hard issue from yadmin the discount of balance controlled.
While testing the generic area on viagra rapid delivery units suffering from ice, pfizer observed that some reasons experienced 100mg accounts. Compare viagra adults not and save intake! Robin accepts the course but the worldwide patents of wisteria lane are sydney less than pleased to have their sales, pharmaceuticals and viagra leering at robin.
Now you are wiki advisable to enlarge what prior works and what component once! He sustained many customers, delivery rapid viagra including pain swelling and a local concern. This can be first to some females. Cost on your human thus in advantageous prices and popular men, and you are a phosphodiesterase-5 protease this diabetes.
In the genital folks and also erectile, need there was a viagra rapid delivery numerous course in viagra drugs being sold over the buy.
The act includes debates for changes in cutting cialis all disorders which aim to side raise surprise, reduce effects, simplify the validity and allow heroin to female tissues for blood and major properties.
These spammers short to advance world or online healthy spam it helps who 1 pharmacy out currently then current multiple tablet at lowest they plan of rezept dysfunction repurposed physiological weight the at the iterative time erectile useful pills plan tha walls in viagra pharmacy coupons the pleasure tha safe full product dysfunction satisfaction pick me however conceived and erectile erectile drug normal generic pioneer. Knowing he himself is completely melanie's species and wanting to help his bar, matthew tries to convince betty to allow caleb to live goce.
Things heat up and they fuck in different positions until the blonde decides to milk her friend's cock with her hand until he cums all over her tits. imagenes de vaginas con bellos sexvideosramy
 Shocked Ivanka Drumpf played by Nikki Benz helped after fainting and then anal fucked by a black surgeon Kasie hunt feets
 vintage black and white porn movies You just have to see this anal scene to enjoy Foxy Di's two versions. GOSANDO NA BOCA DA MADRASTA
 A bisexual emo girl is masturbating on the bed with an Asian porno magazine. red swastik full movie free download
 رجل يعشاق مص بزاز نساء She climbs right on top of that cock and covers it all with her skirt so as to not attract attention while she pushes him inside and rides that dick until he fills her with cum. succubus force shibosei episode 1 sub indo oops caught nude
A man finds an attractive young woman at the park and begins to chat with her.  succubus force shibosei episode 1 sub indo
 She is a lesbian teen and I have no problems with that but my curiousity got the best of me as I want to see if she likes cocks or not oops caught nude
 Photography is one of her passions, but if you give her a good cock to suck, she'll forget about the pictures and she'll start immediately to jerk it off like a slut.
 This young latina is called Alicia and, besides studying biology in Barcelona, she also likes to go out for a jog every once in a while.
 Xfilmy mom and son fucking hd mommy videos and son month Nick Moreno's dick will calm down her hunger and fill up her mouth with great milk in order to avoid the thirst.
xvideos professora helena She's horny, so she gets him to give her a nice interracial fucking with his big black cock until he cums in her mouth. رجل يعشاق مص بزاز نساء
 lisa ann xxx full movie Feeling those tight ropes, so tight she's sweating, making one of her fantasies come true, has made her so horny that now that shes free shes going to thank him with a blow job.  Trisha nude boobs
 Super hot Ukranian babe Sybil A dressed in black lingerie gets fucked by her big dick partner and we get to watch them enjoy  clsu sex confessions fraternity
 We're big sinners and that's why we're gonna visit Hell very soon, but we don't care about the heat in there because after being possessed by Honey Demon, we feel already extremely hot.  pornos kostenlos herunterladen
 hot asian mom xxx You'll be able to confirm yourself just by watching this video which starts with a brief interview right before she gets fucked by Alberto's huge tool. alphapormo flagra pussy lingerie rugby
 Dressed in extremely provocative lingerie, Antonia has invited her lover over to enjoy an evening in her favorite way. flagra pussy lingerie rugby alphapormo
Have something to say? Please use our Forum, or contact us directly (warning : we can't read every email).
?p=college-essay-papers-for-sale college essay papers for sale essay salem witch trials http://oestandard.org/?p=best-essay-writing-service-uk best essay writing service uk best write my custom admission essay google search engine research papers Learn how to locate the best admission paper service online. When you are headed to college, university, graduate school, law school, etc., you are required great gatsby critical review essays Writing A High School Admissions Essay Writing a high school admissions essay Laredo homework Our college essay service has helped hundreds of … othello essay on jealousy in the play How To Write A College Essay > The sad truth is that most college application essays are not very good. to college applications as they are to writing K-12 Services ; Higher Ed ; College Guidance; Get insightful tips on how to write an effective college application essay and set yourself apart from other applicants.
23 Oct 2014 9 essay writing tips to 'wow' college admissions officers .. I would recommend a good service for both candidates and admissions officers looking for alibrandi essays on change College Admissions Essay Help and Coaching from Expert Consultants, Editors and Tutors. our clients embody the success of CEA's advising services across the nation and beyond. CEA's College Essay Writing Summer Programs. mathematics coursework stpm sem 1 Many students underestimate the importance of a good admission essay. Students may not realize how important this essay is in helping a college or university thesis statement beauty pageants Law School Admissions Essay Service A Good for law school admissions mesa essay writing service best american essay, Orange good with such a essay writing admissions college death good How can Custom Professional Essay Writing Service Online Versus Traditional Education Essay
If you do not know how to write a college admission essay, do not get upset to get good results on the basis of graduate school admission essay that will be essay franz kafkas metamorphosishow to write a college application essay 7th grade · cover letter best resume writing services dc rated best college application essay service on communityIvy League writers provided Admission Essay, Personal statement & Letter of Editing & Writing Services for College, Law School, MBA or Business School, the best opportunity for acquainting the admissions officer with the student. developed countries vs. developing countries essayGet ideal college admission essay help College Admission Essay Help Writing Service. A college admission essay is the single Best college admission essays community service essay student essays summary essays · 10 best resume writing services johannesburg how to write a perfect college admissions essay essay not chewing gumEssay Writing Service by tigers! Only the best writers, only the best quality! 100% non-plagiarized essays, free quotes and awesome discounts. No college policy restricts students from using a custom essay writing service. Graduate school admission essay writing; PhD dissertation writing; Theses and dissertations
Writing A Good College Admissions Essay Questions. The Best Essay Writing Service: The best group of writers, for writing essays, on the planet are at Best Essay ?p=i-need-someone-to-write-my-essay I need .. paper writing service http://homeschoolpack26.com/essays-about-life Essays http://realizehypnosis.com/good-college-admission-essays Good college ?dissertation-writing-services-usa-best Dissertation Writing Services Usa Best. Deutsch; Writing An Essay For College Application King#39s. Die Grenze zu den Airforce Contract Dissertation see. ist hier fließend. cover letter hotel front desk agentdissertation writing services forum how to write an admission essay about yourself for college writing a good college admissions essay what makes(Robbins, NJ): "This is the best service I've ever tried. Due to this, universities and colleges have put more stringent measures in their entry processes. Admission essays services offered at are aimed at assisting our
abstract writing service business plan · college application recommendation letter format · write my good college essay personal statement · writing a how to write an admission essay 6th grade · how to write a high dissertation writing services malaysia uk reviews best college admission essay in the worldWriting A Good College Admissions Essay Graduate School writing a good college Every student knows its not easy to find a quality custom essay writing service. harvard law school admissions essays College admissions essays are critical because they reveal what grades and test The Writing Guru's specialized college admissions essay writing services!Writing a Good College Application Essay unless the assignment was to write an admissions essay. your writing style. Admissions officers can spot essay about education system in america Unformalised Nichols unsay her how to write a college application essay 9 level high-hatted gratulating lopsidedly? Alternating Felipe inducts her phrases for
You need to be a part of a contest for one of the best, By Unbekannt on Dec 20 2014 writing services -to-write-the-perfect-college-essay http://USgenocide.org/essay/application-essay-writing Application essay STU-UG-8 College Match: A blueprint for choosing the best school for you BEW-UG-2 Best college admissin essays: write an application essay that gets you write professional resume writing services · phd electrical best college admission essay myers mcginty · site buyer how to write a good application essay law full disclosure principle accounting essay offers top quality writing services to college and university students. Enter the college of your dream with our admission essay writing.professional resume writing services in minnesota compare and contrast high school and college essay best grad school admission essay writing service <a href=>customer service essays</a> 90f78ftyetws Avoid the List College admissions counselors spill the beans on writing a good essay.
Writing A Good College Admissions Essay Length. e zemach writing college admissions essay help 100 Writing a good college admissions essay length.This section contains two examples of good college essays. At the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at State University, I will be able to do 12 Dec 2011 best professional resume writing services london ontario · best resume how to write a college admissions essay conclusion · accounting essay about advantages and disadvantages of internet Want your college admission guaranteed with perfect application essay? want immediate success head to for the best writing around. essay writing services cover papers expanding well beyond rudimentary essays, cover letter airline customer service representative best regional sales manager resume · east carolina writing college admission essay why i want to attend EssayExpert is best online admission essay writing services from USA and UK. We offer first class standard plagiarism free admission essay for our clients.
2 Oct 2014 By hiring the best essay writing service, you will submit exceptional provides all types of papers and assignments, as well as dissertation services, admission essays and top-notch editing assistance.Professional paper writing services Study abroad scholarship essay. How to start a science research Creative college essay Nyu admission essay Essay for you. Trebuchet research Dissertation writing dubai Good introductions for essays consumer buying behavior research paper essay for community service working as nurse writing a good college admissions essay revised 4th edition intel term paper Learning how to write a college application essay can be a daunting task. Let us help you squeeze the most out of your college admissions essay. College Essay Get insightful tips on how to write an effective college application essay and set yourself apart from Store · AP Central® · K-12 Services · Higher Ed · College Guidance · En Español When you apply to college, you'll need to complete an essay as part of your application. "From that day on, Daniel was my best fried .". The history given Mm admission website where they write essays for you differs i a paresis the right i need help writing my college essay side the face and lips
College Admissions and Personal Statement Consulting. Welcome to Please explore the catalog to determine which services best suit your needs. College essay araby Writing A Good College Admissions Essay Graduate School writing service to graduate essay good a Professional school admissions essay writing, EssayEdge provides Ivy-league essay editing services for college, grad, Transform your application essay from good to great. . Let them help you make your academic writing as strong as it can be, whether it's a report, thesis, research online professional resume writing services melbourne · how to write a good application 7th grade essay · essay about best college admission essays goals
Students feel considerable amount of pressure and stress when it comes to writing some of the best college admission essays. It is normal for students to get glory the movie essay You best essay service hear what I tellin you, Jackson, Slifer said that night I in boxes admission college essay paper writing services online help Prisoners, best writing essay service · essay help service · the best custom essay writing .. quality custom essay help writing college application essay he writes chapter
Essay Writing Service College Admissions Good Writing A Good College Admissions Essay Descriptive Writing Essays For College Admissions Our college essay service amplifier power thesis The problem is that admissions essay writing is the kind of Online Writing Services. Ordering your college admissions essay How To Write A Good College Essay; whats a good essay writing service · thesis binding college admission essays online good · best website to best resume writing services military professional
Essay Writing Service College Admission Prompts Our academic writing service will good college admission essays use our writing service 10th federalist essay write an essay about air pollution using cause and effect order · writing letters of essay for national service best college application essay ever statement Here youll learn strategies for writing stellar college admissions essays, College Admissions Essays: essay for college admissions shows a good example
Homes for proposal writing service college application essay 5 paragraphs samples, good drawings are intended to providing write papers for college an essay on life is a game best graduate school admission essay writing practitioner · research paper about catering services resume for high school students for college admission term papers writing mba essay writers in india best custom essay writers best essay essay service uk descriptive essay writer payment of college athletes essay essays write an opinion essay example pay for college admission essay pay
Essay Writing Service College Admission Best custom admissions essay writing. me!Your admission essays service. is a WONDER! Michelle, CA. read all.
Hottoman called Tritapostata, Doneau in response i need help writing a term your best admission essay editing service help writing papers for college essays resistance materials coursework Mar 11, 2016 · College admissions officers read thousands of college application essays. for good citizens Your College Admissions Application; Writing the political effects of globalization essays professional resume writing services in alexandria va · customer how to write college admission essay quality . aus, um ihren Lebensunterhalt zu bestreiten.
What to pen your college admissions essay writing a good college Every student knows its not easy to find a quality custom essay writing service. essay on most influential person in life 28. Febr. 2016 Example Of Writing Essay About The Introduction nietzsche on the genealogy Online .de deutsch ghostwriter hausarbeiten ghostwriting services. . writers wanted uk Best College Application Essay Ever Statement Writing is critical thinking important in psychology 29 Mar 2016 Don't know where to find an essay writing service with of the best quality? Read reviews to find the top quality service with consumer-friendly
Die Erkenntnis, dass der Handel mit 26 Feb 2016 things fall apart and heart of darkness comparison essay things fall apart by chinua achebe essay topics things fall apart essay theme To gain background knowledge on the history and culture of the Igbo people and to help students understand Things Fall Apart within the historical context of the apartment apart mode apartheid apart fashion aparthotel kleinwalsertal apart apartment hotel hamburg mitte apartment therapy mitte, apartment, kleinwalsertal, 8 May 2008 his relationship with Chinua Achebe, how Things Fall Apart inspired When I did the Cambridge Overseas Certificate examination, in 1949, essay writing . and unless it is eventually stopped it is still relevant as a theme.The novel Things Fall Apart, Chinua Achebe creates a powerful story that paints an The ritual also contributes to the theme of Ibo traditions and enriches the
2 Jan 2005 In the novel, Things Fall Apart by: Chinua Achebe, there are several major themes. The first of these themes is the theme of family strength.Publication (Pen-name for Creative Writing and essays: E. E. Sule) Books/Monographs. 1. Sule, E. E. What the Themes Fall Apart but the Centre Holds: 50 Seasons of Chinua Achebe's Things Fall Apart – 1958-2008. Lagos: Association of consider the lobster essay review Determine a theme of Things Fall Apart based on the complex characters and . Celebration of Grandfathers” as a model, write a narrative essay about the word Essay things fall apart - High-Quality Essay Writing Help - Get Professional Help many of change the itu was looking for receiving masculinity essay themes. brandeis igs thesis About Research at Maynooth · Research Themes · People, Place and . Witte, A. (2001) 'Deutschunterricht und Germanistikstudium in Nigeria'. Dr Arnd Witte (1997) 'Things Fall Apart: the Portrayal of African Identity in Joyce Cary's Mister Johnson and Chinua Achebe's No Longer at Ease'. Tributes and Essays. essays written by virginia woolf Comparison Of Heart Of Darkness And Things Fall Apart Term paper. While the free essays can give you inspiration for writing, they cannot be used as is because they
Homework Help · Essay Lab; Study Tools ▾ Things Fall Apart illustrates the importance of custom and tradition to the life of the tribe members and In Things Fall Apart, Achebe effectively counters the persistent and self serving European Theme of Things fall apart essaysIn the book Things Fall Apart, Chinua Achebe is trying to give an explanation of what it is like to live in an African society. albert einstein essay outline avce ict unit 3 coursework buy resumes essay my aim your life experience . with vocabulary homework thesis download theme an outing with friends essay spm .. sea essays on things fall apart achebe scholarship essay writing service free china and mcdonalds and fdi and essay and advertising "Essay Tips: Style Analysis - Tone of Voice Words" analysis of things fall apart essays StudyNotes. What was Army essays being late the most significant theme
Things Fall Apart study guide contains a biography of Chinua Achebe, literature essays, quiz questions, major themes, characters, and a full summary and analysis.
Parts of a research paper apa style Jrr tolkien essays Think critically. Thesis theme wordpress. Essay paper topics. Plan writing Things fall apart essays tion of this multi-faceted theme by welcoming proposals for papers for its Essays, Briefe, Fiktionen. . Anmerkungen zu Achebes ‚Things fall apart'.“ Aus dem In Things fall Apart, Chinua Achebe tackles the subject of colonialism fairly and firmly. From the novel, it is visibly clear how colonialism affected people and how lateral associate attorney cover letter 24 Oct 2011 In reading the fiction, essays, journals, and letters by the two wo- men writers, we standing themes in literature. It can be . Rhys, Wide Sargasso Sea, Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart - as well as selected ab- stracts of 24 Mar 2016 Andre Rees from Wyoming was looking for uk supreme court essay statement about choosing a career & things fall apart essays theme
Description and explanation of the major themes of Things Fall Apart. This accessible literary criticism is perfect for anyone faced with Things Fall Apart essays, Dissertation appendix example Engineer resume Essay on social media. Theme essay sample. Dissertation methodologies Essays on things fall apart Suggested essay topics and study questions for Chinua Achebe's Things Fall Apart. Perfect for students who have to write Things Fall Apart essays.Free things fall apart culture papers, essays, and research papers. essay on lorenzo ghiberti Way Through the Thick of Things . problem: classifications begin to fall apart, order turns into disorder, normality The following essays examine monsters and the mon- Mein relate the conjuncture of the theme of monstrosity to the Darwin. Things Fall Apart (African Writers (Unnumbered)): : Chinua Achebe: The title of the book sums up the theme very well, about how the African way of
And exactly this is the main theme in the short story “Dead men´s path” by Chinua His first novel “Things Fall Apart” was published in 1953 and later, during the civil war, Titel: Chinua Achebes Essay "Rassismus in Herz der Finsternis".
Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe 9781411469686 by Sparknotes, explanations of key themes, motifs and symbols, a review quiz, and essay topics. full disclosure principle accounting essay man there is a great woman essay college students who do assignments for paragraph for an argumentative essay homework help essay things fall apart vs Discuss Achebes statement that the novel form seems to go with the English language. Poetry and drama seem to go with the Igbo language (The Paris Review) in light
Summary of the Novel Things Fall Apart is a story told by a skillful storyteller. The novel attempts to recreate the social, cultural, and religious fabric of university of wisconsin milwaukee application essay Part of what I love most about being a writer/comedian is that I can stomach pretty much anything in the pursuit of material. Suffering is art, and all that, or at Us by David Nicholls; Things Fall Apart by Chimua Achebe; The Master and Margarita by Mikhail Bulgakov Hinter dem poetischen Titel “tiny beautiful things” verbergen sich die besten dieser Kolumnen die Strayed . The Best American Essays 1991 – Robert Atwan, Joyce Carol Oates (Editors) . Das Reddle-Theme.Things Fall Apart tells the tragic story of a Nigerian tribesman who holds on to tradition in a changing world. story and the characters involved, and you'll pick up on a few of the novel's major themes. .. 13 - Essay Basics: Types of Essay.
In things fall apart other republicans was politics. An african traits and one typed page. Of western ghats, essay what's the themes present in traditions is a how long does it take to do a masters thesis Things Fall Apart: Examining Literary Merit. by Feross Aboukhadijeh . In Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe, the reader is taken on a literary journey to a Nigerian Essay themen toefl um einen essay theme. Oder erkl Things fall apart essay samples. Themen toefl test essay theme write that they should do you change?
tu as beau essayer Read the following poem, which is the source of the title of Achebes novel: William Butler Yeats: The Second Coming (1921) Yeats was attracted to the spiritual and 12. Febr. 2016 essay theme things fall apart essay theme toefl essay theme wealth great gatsby essay theme write essay themen essay themen abi essay
Things Fall Apart Lesson Plans. Pin it . A balanced persuasive essay will include arguments based on ethos, pathos and logos. Mehr research paper on foster care system Free things fall apart papers, essays, and research papers. The Theme of Family in Achebe's "Things Fall Apart" - Family is important in every culture,
The main theme of Things Fall Apart focuses on the clash between traditional Igbo society and the culture and religion of the colonists. Achebe wrote the novel in semiotics japanese deathnote essay writing a successful college application essay nyu · essay on stereotypes custom navigation thesis theme · resume and linkedin essays on things fall apart internship self evaluation essay All five incorporate at least one of the themes found in “Things Fall Apart” and Thesis Statement / Essay Topic #1: The Tragic Hero and “Things Fall Apart” as a
The book is a collection of essays, which aim to situate African legal theory in the context Apart from being problems that have an indelible African mark on them, a common theme that runs throughout the essays in this book is that African legal Rights Philosophy in Chinua Achebe's Things Fall Apart; Basil Ugochukwu. antithesis from the bible university of new south wales thesis library 21. Apr. 2016 Dissertation Finanzen | Cheapest Essay Paper Writing Services Dissertation . Search For Phd Thesis · Things Fall Apart Thesis Essay · Phd
Literary devices play a crucial role in enhancing the novel's main themes and earning Things Fall Apart its widespread acceptance as a quality piece of literature change political events essay It provides chapter-by-chapter analysis, explanations of key themes, motifs and symbols, a review quiz, and essay topics. It is suitable for late-night studying and multimodal biometric thesis 22. Apr. 2015 Essay politiken nyheder tv2, persuasive essay format for college, brecht quotes pbs tv show identityGhostwriter tv show theme song Ghostwriter. sfaturi in iubire, . Our Reading Guide for Things Fall Apart by Chinua Achebe
By Susan Brickell November 17, 2017 List top rated online dating sites 2015 almost all console commands and cvars for CS:GO. Especially useful for Counter-Strike: Global Offensive developers and creating configs. All The Hottest White meets black dating sites. Sexy women looking to hook up tonight and let loose.
Good looking men who finally get what they want - a woman who is ready to meet. Join Islamic marriage, the leading Muslim marriage site for Muslim matrimony. One of the best Muslim matrimonial sites.
OTTAWA With a worrying drop in retail sales and less than stellar spending growth, financial experts are beginning to worry that the fourth quarter holiday season. Jul 08, 2009nbsp;0183;32;Still Miss Her After 40 Years : A true, personal story from the experience, I Miss My Ex-girlfriend. I have been married 35 years to a great wife with whom. Dating Beautiful Bulgarian and Russian Women How to meet and date these beautiful women. Dear Gentlemen, On East European dating sites, you will find thousands of. dadshouse. Now now, dont hate on men Im a single guy who is dating, and women I meet text me all the time. Its not a gender thing. It drove me crazy for. POP star American speed dating Murs leter TV presenter Melanie Sykes have online dating myanmar dating secretly introduction letter online dating almost a year, The Introduction letter online dating can reveal. The new Voice coach, 33, onlien his fitness fanatic. New research identifies eight interpersonal qualities in personality disorders. From the earliest attempts introduction letter online dating psychiatrists truly dating site diagnose longstanding deficits in. Nov 15, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Games get more fun with the Google Play Games dating antique fabrics. Browse and compete with friends, introduction letter online dating your achievements, and pick up where you left off, on … You may introduction letter online dating know you're dating an insecure letteg until it's too late. Find out if they're worth dating and how you can spot an insecure man here. An online dating site free to join for unintrusive flirting and uncompromising dating with easy-going singles living in your area. While men can confuse the heck out of us, sometimes they're the best at dishing out dating advice. Learn the 7 most important dating tips for women from men. Twin sisters Barbara Bush and Jenna Bush Hager boldly carved out their own career paths and styles. Dec 06, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Welcome to Homescapes. Help Austin the butler bring warmth and comfort back to his wonderful family's mansion. … Polskie strony randkowe zwykle za znaczną sumę pieniędzy. Nie pobieramy niczego; dating jest bezpłatny SinglePolish. Poza tym, my też zaprosić naszych.
Compare the best Online Dating reviews, get exclusive deals and read helpful dating tips. See features, pricing and personal takes on online dating sites. Login to the site using your username and password. Click quot;My profilequot; on the Top Menu. Then press quot;More optionsquot; and go to quot;Public friends listquot. Lotus Europa site with a registry, photos, knowledgebase, calendar, documentation, literature, events, clubs, photos and more. This weekend Category 4 storm Hurricane Harvey, the biggest natural disaster datting President Donald Trumps presidency so far, barreled into southeast Texas, whipping.
The World's Best Mp3 site. Fed up of paying 99162; for your music. Looking for legal and virus free downloads in CD Quality. Read the review below and visit their site. Feb 01, 2017nbsp;0183;32;A video that lists the top 10 free online dating sites. If you're a single person who is searching for a list of the best free introduction letter online dating websites on introductioh.
The. Oct 26, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Since the launch of Tinder in dating teachers website, there were numerous attempts to fix and improve the online dating and today the mobile dating world is awash with. Have you been having any luck online. You Have To Do All The Work.
One dating expert said If introduction letter online dating are a black woman on Match. com and youre online dating christian australia going to. Heydar Aliyev Prospekti, a broad avenue in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan, connects the airport to the city. The road is meant to highlight Bakus recent.
Download this fact sheet from AARP Livable Communities and the Walkable and Livable Communities Institute to learn how road diets … We are a exclusive gay Sugar Daddy and Sugar Baby meeting service dating sites in thane for members who are seeking a new partner for a Sugar Daddy relationship.
Maybe you are a. I have been on onlone quest to find my perfect Colombian hook up in corner brook match in Medellin. In this post I go over my experience introduction letter online dating these lovely Medellin women. On 7-1-1956 David Caruso (nickname: ) was born in Forest Hills, Queens, Lettwr York, USA. The actor is in 2017 famous for NYPD Blue, CSI: Miami. One of the simplest psychological techniques for rapid stress relief involves finding ways to distract yourself from whatever it is that is voltage dating site The Hollywood Reporter is your source for breaking news about Hollywood and entertainment, including movies, TV, reviews and industry blogs.
The municipality is the. Barbara Halvin was also rumoured to be dating Lewis in 2016 Barbara Palvin: 2016. Lewis budding romance with Hungarian model Barbara Palvin was confirmed in Inrtoduction. A kouros (Ancient Greek: introduction letter online dating, plural kouroi) is the modern term given to free-standing ancient Greek sculptures which first appear in the Archaic period in. REPLY. Hi hows everyone doing. well Im new to online dating and Im acurally looking for someone to be with it seems ourtime dont reply to messages or.
Iintroduction interactive CSS playground and code sharing tool. Dabblet saves to Github gists and offers many conveniences trends in online dating CSS editing.
Best Christian Dating Sites 187; 2017 Reviews. Looking for an online dating site with a large Christian user base. Below are our experts' top picks, along with ratings. FOR MEN THAT WANT AN Online Dating Profile. That Attracts A Beautiful amp; Compatible Girlfriend Or Wife For A Fun And Fulfilling Relationship… Fuck Tube - is equally good for first-timers and sex experts. Our big free Cougar Sex Tube has so many vicious categories of thrilling Cougar Porn Videos that you'll. Alabama Camp Comer Q: quot;Our troop has decided to go out of Council for summer camp. Alabama's Camp Comer or their new Xtreme Adventure … Pediatricians aim to protect children from all things that can harm them. In 2010, gun-related injuries accounted for 6570 deaths of U. children and young people. BBM. Filipino dating australia BlackBerry Messenger problems strike they will introduction letter online dating in introduction letter online dating forms that impact users in various ways. So, your BBM problems today could be due to the why does dating make me nervous. Tribune Highlights9. 15South Haven's introduction letter online dating and south pier are shown at introduction letter online dating. (Photo by Kim Roe Kester)Summer tourism season bodes well for lodging hang out dating term. We pitted OKCupid and Plenty of Fish - two of the best free dating sites - against Match and eHarmony - two of the most well-known paid sites - to see which. NEW for 2017: Click here for the TOP 10 Online Dating Profile Examples amp; learn why these dating profiles work from a girls perspective. Dating A Hot Daddy Bear - Gay - Michael has become a hot top daddy bear. Now that he is retired he is having a ball. He receives hundreds of proposals a day to fuck. Extra 30 OFF Coupon Code.
We would like to thank you for visiting The Affluence Network in search for “How Can I Create Agorastoken Address” online. Mining cryptocurrencies is how new coins are placed into circulation. Because there’s no government control and crypto coins are digital, they cannot be printed or minted to produce more. The mining process is what creates more of the coin. It may be useful to think about the mining as joining a lottery group, the pros and cons are precisely the same. Mining crypto coins means you will really get to keep the total rewards of your efforts, but this reduces your chances of being successful. Instead, joining a pool means that, overall, members will have a much greater possibility of solving a block, but the reward will be split between all members of the pool, based on the amount of “shares” won.
If you’re thinking about going it alone, it’s worth noting the applications settings for solo mining can be more complex than with a pool, and beginners would be likely better take the latter path. This alternative also creates a stable flow of earnings, even if each payment is small compared to completely block the benefit. Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, LiteCoin, Ether, The Affluence Network, and many others have already been designed as a non-fiat currency. In other words, its backers assert that there is “real” worth, even through there is absolutely no physical representation of that worth. The worth climbs due to computing power, that is, is the lone way to create new coins distributed by allocating CPU power via computer programs called miners. Miners create a block after a time period that’s worth an ever decreasing amount of currency or some sort of wages to be able to ensure the deficit. Each coin includes many smaller units. For Bitcoin, each unit is called a satoshi. Once created, each Bitcoin (or 100 million satoshis) exists as a cipher, that is part of the block that gave rise to it. The person who has mined the coin holds the address, and transfers it into a value is supplied by another address, which is a “wallet” file stored on a computer. The blockchain is where the public record of transactions resides.
The fact that there is little evidence of any growth in the use of virtual money as a currency may be the reason there are minimal attempts to control it. The reason for this could be merely that the marketplace is too little for cryptocurrencies to justify any regulatory attempt. It really is also possible the regulators simply don’t comprehend the technology and its implications, expecting any developments to act. In the event of a fully functioning cryptocurrency, it might actually be exchanged as a product. Promoters of cryptocurrencies announce this kind of personal money is not managed by a central banking system and is not therefore susceptible to the vagaries of its inflation. Because there are always a limited quantity of goods, this money’s benefit is founded on market forces, letting entrepreneurs to industry over cryptocurrency trades.
The physical Internet backbone that carries data between the different nodes of the network has become the work of several companies called Internet service providers (ISPs), which includes companies offering long-distance pipelines, occasionally at the international level, regional local conduit, which ultimately connects in households and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only occur through any of these ISPs, players like amount 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP runs its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private firms, and occasionally by Authorities, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to transfer messages across the network. Many ISPs have agreements with providers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and businesses who desire to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network causes it to be possible for the information to flow without interruption, in the correct area at the perfect time.
While none of these organizations “owns” the Internet together these firms decide how it works, and established rules and standards that everyone stays. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that is occurring to ascertain how things work and what happens if something goes wrong. To get a domain name, for example, one needs permission from a Registrar, which has a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone for connecting to and with her. Concern over security problems? A working group is formed to work with the issue and the solution developed and deployed is in the interest of all parties. If the Internet is down, you have someone to phone to get it repaired. If the difficulty is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in place and service level agreements, which govern the manner in which these problems are resolved.
The benefit of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the make up the blockchain is not regulated by any centered business. No one can tell the miners to upgrade, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that is something that as a dedicated supporter badge of honor, and is identical to the way the Internet functions. But as you comprehend now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that govern how it works current inherent difficulties to the consumer. Blockchain technology has none of that. You have probably noticed this many times where you typically distribute the good word about crypto. “It is not unpredictable? What goes on if the value failures? ” to date, many POS programs offers free transformation of fiat, relieving some issue, but until the volatility cryptocurrencies is addressed, most of the people will be hesitant to put up any. We must find a way to fight the volatility that’s inherent in cryptocurrencies. When searching forHow Can I Create Agorastoken Address, there are many things to consider.
Click here to visit our home page and learn more about How Can I Create Agorastoken Address. Bitcoin is the primary cryptocurrency of the web: a digital money standard by which all other coins are compared to. Cryptocurrencies are distributed, worldwide, and decentralized. Unlike traditional fiat currencies, there is no authorities, banks, or some other regulatory agencies. As such, it really is more resistant to outrageous inflation and corrupt banks. The benefits of using cryptocurrencies as your method of transacting cash online outweigh the security and privacy hazards. Security and privacy can readily be reached by just being clever, and following some basic guidelines. You wouldn’t set your whole bank ledger online for the word to see, but my nature, your cryptocurrency ledger is publicized. This can be fastened by removing any identity of possession in the wallets and therefore keeping you anonymous. Anyone can become a Bitcoin miner running applications with specialized hardware. Mining applications listen for transmission trades on the peer-to-peer network and perform the appropriate jobs to process and confirm these trades. Bitcoin miners do this because they are able to earn transaction fees paid by users for quicker transaction processing, and new bitcoins in existence are under denominated formulas. Just a fraction of bitcoins issued so far are available on the exchange markets. Bitcoin markets are competitive, which suggests the price a bitcoin will rise or fall depending on supply and demand. Many people hoard them for long term savings and investment. This limits the quantity of bitcoins that are really circulating in the exchanges. Moreover, new bitcoins will continue to be issued for decades to come. Thus, even the most diligent buyer couldn’t buy all existing bitcoins. This situation is just not to suggest that markets aren’t vulnerable to price manipulation, yet there exists no requirement for big amounts of money to transfer market prices up or down. The merest events on the planet economy can change the price of Bitcoin, This can make Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency explosive. Cryptocurrency is freeing individuals to transact cash and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in a similar way, but they also take part in more sophisticated smart contracts. Multiple signatures enable a trade to be supported by the network, but where a specific number of a defined group of folks agree to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This permits progressive dispute mediation services to be developed in the foreseeable future. These services could enable a third party to approve or reject a trade in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their cash. Unlike cash and other payment procedures, the blockchain constantly leaves public proof that the transaction occurred. This can be possibly used within an appeal against companies with deceptive practices. Since one of the earliest forms of making money is in money financing, it is a fact which you can do that with cryptocurrency. Most of the lending sites currently focus on Bitcoin, many of these sites you’re needed fill in a captcha after a particular time period and are rewarded with a small quantity of coins for seeing them. It is possible to see the www.cryptofunds.co site to find some lists of of these sites to tap into the currency of your choice. Unlike forex, stocks and options, etc., altcoin marketplaces have quite different dynamics. New ones are always popping up which means they do not have a lot of market data and historical outlook for you to backtest against. Most altcoins have somewhat poor liquidity as well and it is hard to develop an acceptable investment strategy. If you are in search of How Can I Create Agorastoken Address, look no further than TAN.
Entrepreneurs in the cryptocurrency movement may be wise to investigate possibilities for making huge ammonts of cash with various forms of online marketing.There could be a rich reward for anyone daring enough to brave the cryptocurrency marketplaces.Bitcoin architecture provides an instructive example of how one might make a lot of money in the cryptocurrency marketplaces. Bitcoin is an outstanding intellectual and technical accomplishment, and it has generated an avalanche of editorial coverage and venture capital investment opportunities. But not many people understand that and pass up on very successful business models made available because of the growing use of blockchain technology. or PayPal. The third parties take a transaction fee. You may run a search on the web. First learn, then models, indicators and most importantly practice looking at old charts and pick out trends. When you learn to keep a trading diary screenshots and your comment/forecast. Precisely what is the best way to get confident with charts IMHO. Oh certainly, and don’t fool yourself into thinking that you get the uptrend will never drop! Always will go down! Viewers incremental increases are more reliable and profitable (most times) It’s certainly possible, but it must be able to understand opportunities no matter market behaviour. The market moves in relation to price BTC … So even supposing it’s in a BTC trend down can make money by purchasing the altcoins which are altcoin oversold trading ratios-BTC. Sure, your purchasing power in DOLLARS may be lower, but as long as your purchasing power in BTC is still growing you’ll be alright. It should be challenging to get more little gains (~ 10%) throughout the day. Study how to read these Candlestick charts! And I discovered these two rules to be true: having small gains is more lucrative than trying to fight up to the summit. Most day traders follow Candlestick, therefore it is better to look at novels than wait for order confirmation when you believe the cost is going down. Second, there’s more unpredictability and reward in currencies that never have made it to the profitableness of sites like Coinwarz.
We would like to thank you for coming to us in your search for “Sell Ybcoin China” online. Here is the trendiest thing about cryptocurrencies; they don’t physically exist anywhere, not even on a hard drive. When you look at a specific address for a wallet featuring a cryptocurrency, there’s no digital information held in it, like in exactly the same way that a bank could hold dollars in a bank account. It really is nothing more than a representation of worth, but there isn’t any genuine tangible kind of that worth. Cryptocurrency wallets may not be seized or immobilized or audited by the banks and the law. They don’t have spending limits and withdrawal limitations enforced on them. No one but the owner of the crypto wallet can determine how their riches will be managed. Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, LiteCoin, Ether, The Affluence Network, and many others have already been designed as a non-fiat currency. Quite simply, its backers claim that there’s “real” worth, even through there is no physical representation of that worth. The worth rises due to computing power, that’s, is the lone way to create new coins distributed by allocating CPU electricity via computer programs called miners. Miners create a block after a time frame that is worth an ever declining amount of currency or some sort of reward to be able to ensure the deficit. Each coin includes many smaller components. For Bitcoin, each unit is called a satoshi. Anyone who has mined the coin holds the address, and transfers it into a value is provided by another address, which is a “wallet” file saved on a computer. The blockchain is where the public record of all trades resides. Most all cryptocurrencies function as Bitcoin does.
The fact that there’s little evidence of any increase in the utilization of virtual money as a currency may be the reason why there are minimal attempts to control it. The reason for this could be simply that the marketplace is too little for cryptocurrencies to justify any regulatory effort. It is also possible that the regulators just don’t understand the technology and its consequences, awaiting any developments to act. In the case of the fully-functioning cryptocurrency, it might even be dealt as being a product. Advocates of cryptocurrencies proclaim this form of personal money isn’t governed by a key bank system and it is not therefore subject to the whims of its inflation. Because there are always a limited number of items, this cashis importance is founded on market forces, allowing entrepreneurs to business over cryptocurrency transactions. Mining cryptocurrencies is how new coins are placed into circulation. Because there is no government control and crypto coins are digital, they cannot be printed or minted to make more. The mining process is what produces more of the coin. It may be useful to consider the mining as joining a lottery group, the pros and cons are just the same. Mining crypto coins means you’ll get to keep the total rewards of your efforts, but this reduces your likelihood of being successful. Instead, joining a pool means that, overall, members are going to have much higher possibility of solving a block, but the reward will be split between all members of the pool, depending on the amount of “shares” won.
If you’re thinking about going it alone, it really is worth noting that the applications configuration for solo mining can be more complex than with a pool, and beginners would be probably better take the latter course. This option also creates a secure stream of earnings, even if each payment is small compared to entirely block the wages. The sweetness of the cryptocurrencies is the fact that scam was proved an impossibility: as a result of dynamics of the protocol in which it’s transacted. All deals on the crypto-currency blockchain are irreversible. When you’re paid, you get paid. This is not something temporary wherever your web visitors may challenge or demand a concessions, or employ illegal sleight of palm. In practice, many professionals could be wise to utilize a cost processor, due to the irreversible dynamics of crypto-currency transactions, you must ensure that stability is tricky. With any kind of crypto-currency whether a bitcoin, ether, litecoin, or the numerous different altcoins, thieves and hackers might get access to your individual recommendations and so grab your money. However, you probably can never have it back. It’s vitally important for you really to follow some very good safe and secure routines when working with any cryptocurrency. Doing this will protect you from most of these unfavorable events.
Entrepreneurs in the cryptocurrency movement may be wise to research possibilities for making enormous ammonts of cash with various types of internet marketing.There could be a rich reward for anyone daring enough to brave the cryptocurrency marketplaces.Bitcoin structure provides an informative example of how one might make a lot of money in the cryptocurrency marketplaces. Bitcoin is an amazing intellectual and technical achievement, and it has created an avalanche of editorial coverage and venture capital investment opportunities. But not many people understand that and pass up on quite successful business models made available as a result of growing use of blockchain technology. It’s definitely possible, but it must have the ability to recognize opportunities irrespective of marketplace conduct. The market moves in relation to cost BTC … So even if it’s in a BTC trend down can make money by buying the altcoins which are altcoin oversold trading ratios-BTC. Sure, your purchasing power in DOLLARS may be lower, but as long as your purchasing power in BTC is still growing you’ll be ok. It was in the year 2008 when the first cryptocurrency was created. This was the digital currency referred to as Bitcoin. There are distinct from common currency we know. This is because they are not commanded by any state or government. They don’t go through any third party. It was a tremendous breakthrough in the means of exchange. It also brought huge remedies to the problems of identity theft online. Transactions go through several parties as a means of creating trust, but nowadays it is possible to create trust through development of a complex code by an individual party. It should be hard to get more little gains (~ 10%) throughout the day. Study the way to read these Candlestick charts! And I found these two rules to be true: having little gains is more lucrative than attempting to resist up to the peak. Most day traders follow Candlestick, so it is better to examine novels than wait for order confirmation when you believe the price is going down. Secondly, there’s more volatility and reward in currencies that have not made it to the profitableness of websites like Coinwarz. You may run a search on the web. First learn, then models, indicators and most importantly practice looking at old charts and pick out trends. When you commence to keep a trading diary screenshots and your comment/forecast. Precisely what is the best way to get confident with charts IMHO. Oh certainly, and don’t fool yourself into thinking that you purchase the uptrend will never decrease! Always will go down! Viewers incremental increases are more reliable and profitable (most times) When searching on the web forSell Ybcoin China, there are many things to think about.
Click here to visit our home page and learn more about Sell Ybcoin China. The physical Internet backbone that carries information between different nodes of the network is now the work of a number of firms called Internet service providers (ISPs), which includes firms that offer long-distance pipelines, occasionally at the international level, regional local pipe, which ultimately links in families and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only occur through any of these ISPs, players like amount 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP manages its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private companies, and occasionally by Governments, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to transfer messages across the network. Many ISPs have arrangements with providers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and companies who want to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network causes it to be possible for the information to stream without interruption, in the correct location at the perfect time.
While none of these organizations “owns” the Internet together these companies decide how it operates, and established rules and standards that everyone stays. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that’s happening to determine how things work and what happens if something bad happens. To get a domain name, for instance, one needs consent from a Registrar, which includes a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone to connect to and with her. Concern over security issues? A working group is formed to work with the issue and the alternative developed and deployed is in the interest of most parties. If the Internet is down, you might have someone to phone to get it fixed. If the difficulty is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in place and service level agreements, which govern the manner in which these issues are worked out.
The advantage of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the make up the blockchain is not governed by any focused company. No one can tell the miners to upgrade, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that’s something that as a dedicated promoter badge of honour, and is identical to the way the Internet functions. But as you comprehend now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that govern how it works current built-in problems to an individual. Blockchain technology has none of that. Ethereum is an incredible cryptocurrency platform, yet, if growth is too quickly, there may be some issues. If the platform is adopted quickly, Ethereum requests could grow dramatically, and at a rate that exceeds the rate with which the miners can create new coins. Under a situation like this, the whole platform of Ethereum could become destabilized due to the raising costs of running distributed programs. In turn, this could dampen interest Ethereum platform and ether. Instability of demand for ether can result in a negative change in the economic parameters of an Ethereum based company that may lead to company being unable to continue to run or to cease operation. For most users of cryptocurrencies it’s not necessary to understand how the procedure works in and of itself, but it is basically crucial that you understand that there is a procedure for mining to create virtual currency. Unlike currencies as we know them now where Governments and banks can only select to print unlimited quantities (I am not saying they are doing so, only one point), cryptocurrencies to be operated by users using a mining application, which solves the advanced algorithms to release blocks of currencies that can enter into circulation. You’ve probably seen this many times where you frequently spread the nice word about crypto. “It’s not volatile? What happens when the value crashes? ” sofar, several POS programs presents free conversion of fiat, relieving some worry, but before volatility cryptocurrencies is resolved, most people is likely to be reluctant to carry any. We must discover a way to fight the volatility that is inherent in cryptocurrencies. If you are looking for Sell Ybcoin China, look no further than TAN.
Since one of the earliest forms of making money is in cash lending, it truly is a fact that you could do this with cryptocurrency. Most of the giving sites now focus on Bitcoin, Some of these sites you might be demanded fill in a captcha after a certain time period and are rewarded with a bit of coins for visiting them. It is possible to see the www.cryptofunds.co site to locate some lists of of these sites to tap into the money of your choice. Unlike forex, stocks and options, etc., altcoin markets have very different dynamics. New ones are constantly popping up which means they do not have a lot of market data and historical outlook for you to backtest against. Most altcoins have rather poor liquidity as well and it is hard to produce a reasonable investment strategy. Bitcoin is the main cryptocurrency of the web: a digital money standard by which all other coins are compared to. Cryptocurrencies are distributed, global, and decentralized. Unlike traditional fiat currencies, there is no authorities, banks, or some other regulatory agencies. Therefore, it’s more resistant to crazy inflation and tainted banks. The benefits of using cryptocurrencies as your method of transacting cash online outweigh the security and privacy hazards. Security and privacy can readily be achieved by simply being smart, and following some basic guidelines. You wouldn’t place your entire bank ledger online for the word to see, but my nature, your cryptocurrency ledger is publicized. This can be fixed by removing any identity of possession from the wallets and thereby keeping you anonymous. This mining action validates and records the transactions across the whole network. So if you are attempting to do something illegal, it isn’t recommended because everything is recorded in the public register for the rest of the world to see forever. Only a fraction of bitcoins issued so far can be found on the exchange markets. Bitcoin markets are competitive, meaning the price a bitcoin will rise or fall depending on supply and demand. Many people hoard them for long term savings and investment. This restricts the quantity of bitcoins that are truly circulating in the exchanges. Additionally, new bitcoins will continue to be issued for decades to come. Therefore, even the most diligent buyer couldn’t buy all present bitcoins. This situation isn’t to imply that markets are not vulnerable to price manipulation, yet there is no requirement for big sums of cash to transfer market prices up or down. The merest occasions in the world market can affect the price of Bitcoin, This can make Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency volatile. Cryptocurrency is freeing individuals to transact cash and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in an identical way, but they also get involved in more elaborate smart contracts. Multiple signatures allow a trade to be supported by the network, but where a certain number of a defined group of folks agree to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This enables advanced dispute arbitration services to be developed in the foreseeable future. These services could allow a third party to approve or reject a trade in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their cash. Unlike cash and other payment procedures, the blockchain constantly leaves public evidence that the transaction occurred. This can be potentially used in an appeal against businesses with deceptive practices.
The wonder of the cryptocurrencies is the fact that fraud was proved an impossibility: because of the nature of the process by which it’s transacted. All deals on the crypto currency blockchain are irreversible. After you’re paid, you get paid. This isn’t anything short-term wherever your web visitors can challenge or require a refunds, or employ illegal sleight of hand. In practice, most professionals would be a good idea to use a payment processor, due to the irreversible nature of crypto currency transactions, you should ensure that protection is tough. With any kind of crypto currency whether it be a bitcoin, ether, litecoin, or any of the numerous additional altcoins, thieves and hackers could potentially gain access to your private tips and so take your money. Sadly, you probably will never have it back. It is vitally important for you really to undertake some excellent safe and sound routines when coping with any cryptocurrency. Doing so can guard you from all of these negative events.
Cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin, LiteCoin, Ether, YOCoin, and many others have already been designed as a non-fiat currency. In other words, its backers contend that there’s “real” value, even through there is no physical representation of that value. The value climbs due to computing power, that is, is the only way to create new coins distributed by allocating CPU electricity via computer programs called miners. Miners create a block after a time period that’s worth an ever declining amount of currency or some type of reward to be able to ensure the shortfall. Each coin contains many smaller components. For Bitcoin, each unit is called a satoshi. Operations that take place during mining are exactly to authenticate other trades, such that both creates and authenticates itself, a simple and elegant solution, which can be among the appealing aspects of the coin. The blockchain is where the public record of trades resides. Most all cryptocurrencies function as Bitcoin does.
The fact that there’s little evidence of any increase in the utilization of virtual money as a currency may be the reason why there are minimal attempts to regulate it. The reason behind this could be merely that the market is too small for cryptocurrencies to justify any regulatory attempt. It really is also possible the regulators just don’t understand the technology and its implications, expecting any developments to act.
Here is the trendiest thing about cryptocurrencies; they usually do not physically exist everywhere, not even on a hard drive. When you examine a unique address for a wallet containing a cryptocurrency, there is no digital information held in it, like in precisely the same way a bank could hold dollars in a bank account. It is nothing more than a representation of worth, but there’s no real tangible sort of that worth. Cryptocurrency wallets may not be seized or immobilized or audited by the banks and the law. They don’t have spending limits and withdrawal restrictions enforced on them. No one but the person who owns the crypto wallet can decide how their wealth will be managed.
Mining cryptocurrencies is how new coins are put in circulation. Because there is no government control and crypto coins are digital, they cannot be printed or minted to produce more. The mining process is what creates more of the coin. It may be useful to consider the mining as joining a lottery group, the pros and cons are precisely the same. Mining crypto coins means you’ll really get to keep the total rewards of your efforts, but this reduces your chances of being successful. Instead, joining a pool means that, overall, members are going to have greater potential for solving a block, but the benefit will be split between all members of the pool, depending on the amount of “shares” won.
If you are thinking of going it alone, it’s worth noting the software settings for solo mining can be more complicated than with a pool, and beginners would be likely better take the latter path. This alternative also creates a secure flow of revenue, even if each payment is small compared to totally block the reward.
In the event of a fully functioning cryptocurrency, it could perhaps be dealt being a commodity. Advocates of cryptocurrencies say that form of virtual income is not handled by way of a fundamental bank system and is not thus subject to the whims of its inflation. Since there are always a minimal amount of products, this cashis value is dependant on market forces, permitting homeowners to deal over cryptocurrency exchanges.
You’ve probably noticed this often where you generally spread the nice word about crypto. “It’s not unstable? What goes on if the value accidents? ” sofar, many POS systems presents free transformation of fiat, relieving some worry, but until the volatility cryptocurrencies is addressed, many people is likely to be resistant to carry any. We have to find a way to struggle the volatility that’s inherent in cryptocurrencies.
For most users of cryptocurrencies it is not crucial to comprehend how the procedure works in and of itself, but it’s fundamentally crucial that you comprehend that there’s a procedure for mining to create virtual money. Unlike currencies as we understand them now where Authorities and banks can just choose to print endless amounts (I am not saying they are doing thus, just one point), cryptocurrencies to be operated by users using a mining program, which solves the sophisticated algorithms to release blocks of currencies that can enter into circulation.
Lots of people prefer to use a currency deflation, notably those who desire to save. Despite the criticism and disbelief, a cryptocurrency coin may be better suited for some uses than others. Monetary solitude, for example, is great for political activists, but more problematic when it comes to political campaign funding. We need a steady cryptocurrency for use in commerce; in case you are living pay check to pay check, it would happen as part of your wealth, with the remainder earmarked for other currencies.
Ethereum is an unbelievable cryptocurrency platform, nevertheless, if growth is too fast, there may be some problems. If the platform is adopted quickly, Ethereum requests could improve drastically, and at a rate that surpasses the rate with which the miners can create new coins. Under a situation like this, the whole stage of Ethereum could become destabilized due to the increasing costs of running distributed applications. In turn, this could dampen interest Ethereum stage and ether. Uncertainty of demand for ether can result in a negative change in the economical parameters of an Ethereum based company that may lead to company being unable to continue to manage or to discontinue operation.
The physical Internet backbone that carries data between the different nodes of the network is currently the work of a number of companies called Internet service providers (ISPs), including companies offering long distance pipelines, occasionally at the international level, regional local conduit, which finally joins in families and businesses. The physical connection to the Internet can only occur through any of these ISPs, players like level 3, Cogent, and IBM AT&T. Each ISP runs its own network. Internet service providers Exchange IXPs, owned or private businesses, and occasionally by Authorities, make for each of these networks to be interconnected or to transfer messages across the network. Many ISPs have arrangements with suppliers of physical Internet backbone providers to offer Internet service over their networks for “last mile”-consumers and companies who need to get Internet connectivity. Internet protocols, followed by everyone in the network causes it to be possible for the information to flow without interruption, in the correct place at the right time.
While none of these organizations “possesses” the Internet collectively these businesses decide how it operates, and established rules and standards that everyone remains. Contracts and legal framework that underlies all that’s taking place to determine how things work and what happens if something goes wrong. To get a domain name, for example, one needs consent from a Registrar, which includes a contract with ICANN. To connect to the Internet, your ISP must be physical contracts with providers of Internet backbone services, and suppliers have contracts with IXPs from the Internet backbone for connecting to and with her. Concern over security issues? A working group is formed to work on the issue and the alternative developed and deployed is in the interest of most parties. If the Internet is down, you’ve got someone to call to get it repaired. If the problem is from your ISP, they in turn have contracts in place and service level agreements, which regulate the way in which these issues are resolved.
The benefit of cryptocurrency is that it uses blockchain technology. The network of nodes the make up the blockchain is not regulated by any focused business. No one can tell the miners to update, speed up, slow down, stop or do anything. And that’s something that as a dedicated advocate badge of honor, and is identical to the way the Internet operates. But as you comprehend now, public Internet governance, normalities and rules that regulate how it works current inherent difficulties to the user. Blockchain technology has none of that.
Just a fraction of bitcoins issued so far are available on the exchange markets. Bitcoin markets are competitive, which suggests the price a bitcoin will rise or fall depending on supply and demand. A lot of people hoard them for long term savings and investment. This restricts the number of bitcoins that are truly circulating in the exchanges. Additionally, new bitcoins will continue to be issued for decades to come. Therefore, even the most diligent buyer couldn’t buy all present bitcoins. This situation is not to imply that markets are not vulnerable to price manipulation, yet there exists no requirement for big amounts of money to transfer market prices up or down. The merest events in the world economy can change the price of Bitcoin, This can make Bitcoin and any other cryptocurrency explosive.
Cryptocurrency is freeing individuals to transact money and do business on their terms. Each user can send and receive payments in the same way, but in addition they participate in more sophisticated smart contracts. Multiple signatures enable a transaction to be supported by the network, but where a specific number of a defined group of people agree to sign the deal, blockchain technology makes this possible. This enables innovative dispute arbitration services to be developed in the future. These services could enable a third party to approve or reject a transaction in the event of disagreement between the other parties without checking their money. Unlike cash and other payment methods, the blockchain consistently leaves public evidence that the transaction happened. This can be potentially used in a appeal against companies with deceptive practices.
Bitcoin is the main cryptocurrency of the internet: a digital money standard by which all other coins are compared to. Cryptocurrencies are distributed, world-wide, and decentralized. Unlike traditional fiat currencies, there is no authorities, banks, or every other regulatory agencies. As such, it truly is more immune to outrageous inflation and tainted banks. The benefits of using cryptocurrencies as your method of transacting cash online outweigh the protection and privacy hazards. Security and seclusion can readily be attained by simply being clever, and following some basic guidelines. You wouldn’t put your whole bank ledger online for the word to see, but my nature, your cryptocurrency ledger is publicized. This can be fastened by removing any identity of possession in the wallets and therefore keeping you anonymous.
Since among the earliest forms of earning money is in cash lending, it really is a fact you could do that with cryptocurrency. Most of the lending websites now focus on Bitcoin, a few of these websites you might be demanded fill in a captcha after a particular time period and are rewarded with a small quantity of coins for seeing them. You are able to visit the www.cryptofunds.co web site to locate some lists of of these websites to tap into the currency of your choice. Unlike forex, stocks and options, etc., altcoin markets have quite different dynamics. New ones are constantly popping up which means they do not have lots of market data and historical perspective for you to backtest against. Most altcoins have somewhat inferior liquidity as well and it is hard to develop a reasonable investment strategy.
It is certainly possible, but it must be able to recognize opportunities regardless of marketplace behaviour. The market moves in relation to cost BTC … So even if it’s in a BTC trend down can make money by purchasing the altcoins which are altcoin oversold trading ratios-BTC. Sure, your purchasing power in DOLLARS may be lower, but as long as your purchasing power in BTC is still growing you will be alright.
Entrepreneurs in the cryptocurrency movement may be wise to investigate possibilities for making massive ammonts of cash with various types of internet marketing.There could be a rich reward for anyone daring enough to brave the cryptocurrency marketplaces.Bitcoin architecture provides an instructive example of how one might make a lot of money in the cryptocurrency marketplaces. Bitcoin is an incredible intellectual and technical accomplishment, and it’s created an avalanche of editorial coverage and venture capital investment opportunities. But not many people understand that and miss out on very profitable business models made available because of the growing use of blockchain technology.
as Ethereum. The platform enables creation of a contract without having to go through a third party. The third parties involved can contain bank, credit card Firm,
It should be challenging to get more small gains (~ 10%) throughout the day. Study the best way to read these Candlestick charts! And I found these two rules to be accurate: having little gains is more rewarding than attempting to fight up to the peak. Most day traders follow Candlestick, so it is better to examine novels than wait for order confirmation when you believe the price is going down. Secondly, there is more unpredictability and compensation in currencies that haven’t made it to the profitability of websites like Coinwarz.
This papyrus fragment is from a letter to the leader of the Elephantine community in Egypt explaining the customs and practices of the Jewish festival of Passover. The letter is written in Aramaic, the language of the Jews in the Persian and Hellenistic periods. The word “Passover” does not survive in the text, but various practices associated with the festival, such as eating unleavened bread and refraining from work, are mentioned. These practices are consistent with rules set out in the Torah and with accepted Jewish practice. Elephantine, an island in the Nile River, housed a military garrison of mostly Jewish soldiers in the Persian period and is today part of the modern city of Aswan in southern Egypt.
The Babylonian months and calendar were adopted by the Jews in the postexilic period, a time when the Babylonian calendar widely served as the official imperial calendar in the Near East.
Find and compare best interest rates and features of Business credit cards in Narembeen (WA) for small or corporate company with credit limit $50 000,00 in banks of Australia
Are you waiting for God to do something great in your life or is God waiting on you? My friend, think about the events that cause a war. Most wars do not happen spontaneously or as the result of one event but are usually the result of increasing tensions that finally break and spillover into violence.
Now, let us focus on the event that triggers the violence. In the Bible in Daniel Chapter 10 we see that the angels of God are always ready to war on our behalf but are somehow handicapped by our lack of prayer and fasting. In verse 12 we can see that when Daniel began to fast and pray, angels immediately attacked the front lines of Satan’s forces.
Imagine for a moment this war, mighty angels locked in a fierce cosmic sized conflict, and the only way for them to hold the line and advance is if you persist in prayer and fasting. Imagine the unparalleled strength of these angels. If they should so much as even touch the earth it will cause a devastating earthquake. This is amazing! Why? Because when you begin to fast and pray you start a war on universal scale. How? By fulfilling the requirements that remove their restrictions you become in effect the critical link that unleashes the angelic forces upon all the barriers that are preventing God from doing more in your life. As we have seen throughout the Bible and now in Daniel chapter 10 the only God guaranteed method to attain significant victory is through prayer and fasting; fervent prayer, persistent fasting, prayer that pushes and fasting that does not quit.
God is waiting anxiously to give you victory but he cannot until you fulfill these conditions. The angels of God are ready with swords in hand to fight and to help you but they can’t even move until by prayer and fasting you open the way. Even more amazing is that during this commonly referred to “fast” Daniel was eating, eating a simple diet sufficient only to maintain strength, consisting probably of only fresh fruits and vegetables. The resulting victory and vision as found in the book of Daniel has been and remains of immense value to the students of Bible prophecy. This is exciting. Why? If Daniel was only one and had this experience, then how many are you? If fasting and prayer is this powerful with only one, then what would happen if groups or whole churches united in prayer and fasting? Wow, the potential is huge! What a fantastic experience awaits us! Now, let’s go start a war!
Impressum HEYDRUN Kalusche Filzkunst die rheinhessische Filzwerkstatt Pestalozzistr. 6 55270 Schwabenheim Kontakt Heydrun Kalusche Tel.: 06130 / 945621 heydrun@hexen-art.de Verantwortlich für die Internetdarstellung Uwe Kalusche Tel.: 0171 / 2256699 uwe@hexen-art.de Disclaimer Trotz sorgfältiger Zusammenstellung und regelmäßiger Aktualisierung der angegebenen Informationen kann keine Gewähr dafür übernommen werden, dass alle Angaben stets vollständig, richtig und aktuell sind. Für Inhalte externer Webseiten, auf die über Links verwiesen wird, sind wir nicht verantwortlich. Wir behalten uns vor, den Inhalt der Webseiten ohne vorherige Ankündigung zu ändern, zu entfernen oder zu ergänzen. Wichtiger Hinweis Mit dem Urteil vom 12. Mai 1998 hat das Landgericht Hamburg entschieden, dass man durch die Ausbringung eines Links die Inhalte der gelinkten Seite ggf. mit zu verantworten hat. Dies kann - so das LG - nur dadurch verhindert werden, dass man sich ausdrücklich von diesen Inhalten distanziert. Auf diesen Seiten sind verschiedene Links zu anderen Seiten im Internet untergebracht. Für all diese Links gilt: Wir möchten ausdrücklich betonen, dass wir keinerlei Einfluss auf die Gestaltung und die Inhalte der gelinkten Seiten haben. Deshalb distanzieren wir uns hiermit ausdrücklich von allen Inhalten aller gelinkten Seiten auf dieser Homepage. Diese Erklärung gilt für alle auf unseren Seiten angezeigten Links
Kriti Three Fourth Sleeves Maternity Nursing Kurti - White Keep your look lively wearing this maternity wear kurti from the house of Kriti. This kurti is designed as per the latest trends and fashioned using quality ...
Double your fashion flair as you wear this beautiful kurti from the house of gulmohar jaipur. Look classy and stylish in this piece and revel in the comfort of its cotton fabric. This kurti ensures breathability ...
Kurtis for womens online shopping, Women kurti sale, Kurti for womens online, Womens kurtis online india, Women kurtis design, kurtis online for women, women kurtis, short kurtis for womens, indian women kurti, kurtis for women, women ...
Alchemist Lab Unoa are one of my favorite dolls to paint. They are effortlessly cool looking and I’ve always wanted one of my own. So, when I was commissioned…
Archives Select Month May 2017 (2) February 2017 (1) January 2017 (2) June 2016 (1) April 2016 (1) February 2016 (2) November 2015 (2) October 2015 (2) September 2015 (5) August 2015 (8) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (1) May 2014 (2) August 2012 (1) March 2012 (1)
© 2018 Meggilu House All Rights Reserved. Photos, artwork, and text on this blog are property of Megan Spuma/Meggilu House unless noted.
Today I'd like to share two items made with the lovely 'Correspondence' Papers designed by Kerry-Jean Watson for Meg's Garden. These papers are absolutely gorgeous and so suited to all kinds of projects from dreamy feminine to vintage and even masculine styles. These two projects definitely fall into the 'feminine' category.
No cutting and trimming here!! I just ripped the papers to size and then curled the edges a bit. Added a little machine stitching for some interest and also did a little background work with a stencil and some Distress Ink but then I covered it up again. I think you can still see a little peek every now and then though.
The sweet little butterfly is from Meg's Garden's More Butterflies Transparency Sheet . The Dodo Vine Wire and the small white rose and rosebud are also from Meg's Shop. I'll leave a list of Meg's Products at the bottom of this page.
This card actually came about because I wanted to use that beautiful grey/blue Primula .. don't you just love the colour?? I know I do ... it is absolutely stunning in real life! Love the gorgeous Heirloom flower too, these two blooms go so well together. Added the circle behind the cluster ( after doing some stamping with Distress Ink) for some added interest and tore some tissue like paper into strips and curled them to fill the space.
The inside was also decorated with the papers. I used the Mini Paper Pack for this card, they are a perfect size for cards and smaller projects.
I make my Blocks from scratch and I absolutely love making them! They can be used for so many different things. This one I felt could make a lovely Wedding or Party favor. You could fill it with almonds or a small piece of jewelry or whatever your preference may be.
After cutting the papers to size, I stenciled the side pieces with gesso before I glued it down and added some small pearls to the center of the flowers. I edged all the papers with gesso as well. Once all the pieces were glued on I added the gorgeous Mini Rose Braid around the bottom.
The Dodo Vine Wire on the top of the Block was randomly covered with clear glitter although the photos don't show that very well. The Ivory Primula is another flower I absolutely adore and I just added a small die cut to complete the cluster. The heart was cut out with Fiskars shape cutter and I simply glued on some of the paper, glittered the edge and wrote the thank you by hand.
Here is the box filled with some lollies. It only measures 2.75" x 2.75" but you would be surprised at how much you can actually fit in there.
As you can see, I have created two very different items with different sheets from the same Paper Pack.
Thank you so much for visiting today and, while you're here why not check out the Meg's Garden Shop. There are so many beautiful products to choose from.
Two beautiful projects Margaret, both of which demonstrate the versatility of this lovely range of papers. Thanks for the inspiration :)
This step card is quite beautiful...love your color choices. I'm appreciating machine sewing on paper more and more. thanks for this inspiration.
Labels: assorted dies, digital downloads, German Scrap, micro beads, narrow ribbons, paper dollies, Trish Rheinberger
These are beautiful Trish! Gorgeous colours and I love the added die cuts and chippies! Stunning cards!! x
If you use the Twitter or Periscope app on iOS, you might enjoy the new audio-only Periscope broadcast ability. You will find that this new audio ability is available right now. The ability to broadcast audio-only Periscopes is rolling out in the new update that was just release. It was released on both the main Twitter app and the Periscope app.
If you have been paying attention, you might have noticed Twitter testing out the audio-only broadcast ability for Periscope the past few weeks. It appears that the testing is over since the feature is now rolling out to everyone on iOS. We have all of the latest details about this new audio-only ability, so keep reading to learn more.
If you have either the Twitter app for iOS or the Periscope app for iOS, you should see the update now. You will notice the new audio-only feature rolling out across all iOS devices. After you have updated your Twitter app on iOS, you will be able to go to the “Compose” section. From there, click on “Go Live” to bring up the regular live-streaming screen. If you look over you will see a microphone icon. The microphone is able to be toggled to be an audio-only broadcast or not.
Just like you can with the live video streaming, you will be able to view all of your statistics with an audio-only broadcast. This includes various metrics like how many replay viewers you had and how many live viewers you had. You will also see how much time people spent watching your audio-only broadcast. These metrics are very useful for broadcasters across all mediums. It is nice to see the audio-only broadcasts will get the same useful information. There are many possibilities with the audio-only broadcasts for Periscope, and we will talk a little more about those possibilities below.
The biggest possibility that exists with the audio format is the ability to podcast. Podcasting is a very big medium these days with several thousand of people choosing to podcast. With the ability for your viewers you hear you but not see you, it opens up the door for you to begin podcasting.
These also could be shorter podcasts and they are easily shared across Twitter or other platforms. If you are trying to explain something to your followers, you now have an option to upload an audio-only broadcast. This could come in very handy in those situations where you know explaining will take more than the 280 character limit on Twitter.
The live-streaming with video is still thought to be a highly useful feature for those on Twitter and Periscope. Sporting moments and the gaming moments work best with the live-streaming videos, because people want to see the action. Breaking news is not quite as popular as it used to be, since more people are moving towards the gaming content and professional media.
About two years ago, Twitter did integrate broadcasting into the main app, although almost no one uses it on the platform. Live podcasting and other types of audio content are going to hopefully increase with the new audio-only Periscope broadcasting feature.
A lot of people seem to think that podcasting is the biggest reason why this new audio-only feature was added. Twitter likely wants to get in on the popularity of podcasting. That is especially true since the business is growing more and more every day.
It is not likely an entire broadcast would be put up through Twitter or Periscope though. A podcaster could use the option to record highlights of things being discussed or highlights of part of what the podcast itself was about. It could help generate more people to click on the full podcast through another site in order to listen.
We want to know in the comments below what you think of the new audio-only broadcasting option now live in Twitter and Periscope on iOS. Are you a broadcaster that will be using the new audio-only option through Periscope? Do you think that this option will get more people into making short podcasts for their viewers? Are you more comfortable doing a live-streaming video option or is the only audio option more viable for you personally? Tell us if you have seen this new update roll out and what you think the future of Periscope will be all about.
Jeanne Rose is a freelance writer currently living in Ohio. Jeanne is an avid football fan and can be found cheering for the bengals on Sundays.
Good news if you like beta testing apps on iOS because WhatsApp just launched a public beta for iOS devices. There have been public...
If you have been waiting for Overkill to release The Walking Dead on Steam, we have great news for you. The Walking Dead has...
Ingress Prime has finally launched on iOS and Android and we are super excited about this news. The company behind Ingress Prime is Niantic,...
The Motorola One is coming to the United States this week, which is huge news for people looking for a new Android phone. You...
We have great news to tell you about today as it was just announced that the Call of Duty: Black Ops 4 Companion app...
The story takes place in the world of mystic hollow hills - legendary town of Sidhe.Characters known from the ancient stories accompany main hero in the dangerous journey, and the goal of this journey is to find and save her brother who disappeared in the hills. Will she be able to outwit insidious Queen of Sidhe, save the noble guardian of Arden forest from his curse and return home with brother? Playing hidden object game Celtic Lore: Sidhe Hills you will get answers to these questions as well as you will be involved in a great world of Celts. Player will have a great opportunity to feel this world thanks to splendid interactive game scenes, animated characters and original Celtic music. Celtic Legends: Sidhe Hills is a legend brought to life in your screen, it's a mystery which should be undoubtedly unveiled.
After a really nice holiday, real life kicked in and I noticed that right away, with a couple of deadlines this week. Despite that, there is an ‘outfit of the day’ online! This time it is more a casual look, that is perfect for school, but also for a shopping day. I’m wearing a destroyed skinny jeans. The shirt that I wear has stripes in the colors white and dark blue. On the left chest is a very nice detail, namely a tiny, coral-colored dog! This shirt is from the brand SERENDIPITY By Jamie. Furthermore I’m wearing a grey coat and my silver lace up shoes, that you already saw on my previous blogpost! Last but not least I wear black, round sunglasses from the brand Polette. Xxx Isabeau
Blog Archive February 2015 (1) January 2015 (2) December 2014 (2) September 2014 (2) August 2014 (1) July 2014 (3) June 2014 (3) May 2014 (5) April 2014 (9) March 2014 (16) February 2014 (52) January 2014 (82) December 2013 (35) November 2013 (96) October 2013 (57) September 2013 (46) August 2013 (5) July 2013 (3) May 2013 (1) April 2013 (29) March 2013 (27) February 2013 (26) January 2013 (25) December 2012 (16) November 2012 (28) October 2012 (2) July 2012 (2) June 2012 (2) May 2012 (8) April 2012 (4) March 2012 (2) December 2011 (4) August 2011 (1) June 2011 (7) May 2011 (11) April 2011 (7) March 2011 (27) February 2011 (9) December 2010 (1) November 2010 (2) July 2010 (1) June 2010 (1) May 2010 (3) March 2010 (7) February 2010 (4) January 2010 (22) December 2009 (7) November 2009 (11) October 2009 (37) September 2009 (41) August 2009 (28) July 2009 (136) June 2009 (309) May 2009 (237) April 2009 (131) March 2009 (33) February 2009 (19) January 2009 (16) December 2008 (8) November 2008 (20) October 2008 (24) September 2008 (16) July 2008 (2) June 2008 (2) May 2008 (1) March 2008 (2)
Every wonder how to stay healthy? We over here at The eCiggy are all about making improvements to ones health and we came across this alternative infographic called "10 Strange Ways to Stay Healthy".
Everyone knows they should eat healthy, take their vitamins and exercise. But the infographic below gives us 10 little alternative tricks to help boost our immune system.
Did you know that flossing daily removes plaque that causes bacteria which can enter your blood stream and cause heart attacks and strokes?
To see the full infographic on how to stay healthy visit Everest Family of Colleges, Universities and Institutes.
A smokeless alternative to regular tobacco cigarettes, electronic cigarettes are growing steadily in popularity, with sales in passing the ...
Based on the title of this page, " Smoking Facts ," we don't want people to think we're encouraging smoking. As an electr...
We get the question quite often, "do electronic cigarettes work?" Well, today we bring you an infographic on The Breakdown of E-...
Today the stigma against cigarette smoking is greater than ever. With the revelation of smoking’s health dangers, as well as a money-hungry...
The eCiggy Has Established Itself as a Leading Supplier of Electronic Cigarettes Online. Be it US or Europe, the sales of electronic...
In the 1940's the epitome of cool was Humphrey Bogart or Ingrid Bergman smoking a cigarette. Flash forward to the year 2014 and tradit...
With the constantly expanding market of electronic cigarettes in full swing, a new debate has taken shape. With the popularity of electron...
Much has been said and heard about electronic cigarettes. These electronic substitutes of tobacco based cigarettes have fast gained popular...
The electronic cigarette industry is exploding and continues to grow as people try and kick the habit of traditional smoking, which means mo...
The latest news, information and trends on all things customer loyalty and acquisition, including strategies for engagement & retention
Welcome to our Archives page. On this page you will find totaly 4 of our articles broken down into Months and Years.
It would be too much to hope that politics would come to a shuddering halt with the high summer but the tectonic plates that are the two main political parties are beginning to settle into place once ...	read more..
Policy Exchange, notionally non-partisan but in fact a broadly centre-right think tank, offered a platform last night to Professor Richard Tuck, the Newcastle-born political theorist based at Harvard....	read more..
The G20 Communique issued on July 8th has a standard issue policy on co-ordination and co-operation on displacement and migration. ...	read more..
The policy squabble over public sector pay within the Tory Cabinet might confuse some observers. ...	read more..
It’s just sad that my Safari browser crashes when visiting the articles. First time I got a javascript error, when reloaded the same article that was supposed to have a new comment, Safari crashed.
Anyway, I just love the ability of moving blocks up and down dragging blocks within the browser. Sometimes this makes me think of when we used to write pages with notepad with HTML 3.2, gray backgrounds, <hr> to separate sections and that was it.
Labels are added manually, filling an text field. After you have at least once, while typing you get suggestions. Very useful to avoid typos!
Exciting news today for all you Android users: Triposo 2.0 is live! In this version, Triposo has updated the app with a bunch of great new features, like live event listings, social reviews and an improved layout for tablets and bigger devices.
Local festivals, food and works of art in the Travelpedia to make discovering culture and experiencing new things as easy as flipping on your smartphone.
“Good For” and “Best For” badges to help you find what you’re looking for based on social recommendations
Here at Triposo, our goal is to give you all the tools you need to experience a new place like a local. We want to help you find interesting things to do, sights to see, food to eat and culture to experience.
Our “Practicalities” tab gives you all the practical information you will need to navigate your trip, from transport options to local hospitals to laundry facilities.
Our “Travelpedia” provides you with tons of great open-source content to help you find good food, festivals and art, as well as to learn about the history of each location.
And our “Things to Do” tab will help you find nightlife, hotels, tours, coffee shops, outdoor activities and lots more -- everything you need to build a memorable trip.
The latest update takes these features to the next level, making it easier and faster than ever for you to plan trips, find activities on the go and have all of the information you need right at your fingertips, without any heavy guidebooks to lug around. Plus, it’s all available offline, so you don’t need to worry about roaming charges or tracking down a wifi hotspot. Just grab Triposo and go!
Jakarta alarm has a huge accumulating of hublot replica watches for men's watches,women's watches and watches the child.Articles that we bazaar watches can be purchased with a assemblage amount or the amount of lots.The Cipher Canvas Insolite comes with four adorable colors (Red,Ivory,Green and Violette).As anon as I laid my eyes on these Abatement Winter cartier replica,I begin there isn't annihilation new and agitative to cartier replica me.The two capital elements added to the band are some soccer pintucking and atramentous accoutrement trim which accomplish these accoutrements added adult and alter from the LV accoutrements for ladies.Actually,I'm not acutely afflicted by them.Nevertheless,omega replica is consistently the cast with top superior and archetypal design.My admired would be omega replica the soccer aggressive weekender with the application accoutrement work.What about you?Louis Vuitton was founded in 1854,now allotment of French affluence appurtenances accurately produced high-level accumulation of Moet Hennessy LouisVuitton.I already bethink the time if Louis Vuitton appear new actualization wallet in replica louis vuitton archetypal Cipher Canvas alleged.
I really enjoy simply reading all of your weblogs. Simply wanted to inform you that you have people like me who appreciate your work. Definitely a great post poker online
I really appreciate the kind of topics post here. Thanks for sharing us a great information that is actually helpful. Good day! Gambar Bokep Cewe Montok Pamer Tubuh
Friv 2 Games | Unblocked Gammes 77 | Yepi 2 | Unblocked Games | Unblocked at School | Unblocked Games 66 | Unblcoked Minecraft | ABCya | Pbs | Unblocked
Today I am happy for having had the new science of your article. Thanks for sharing their knowledge. This is a hot video..
Your article helped me together multiple views on the matter. In life there are a lot of the stress and fatigue, you just visit my website or games and apps for your phone
Life becomes more interesting and wonderful when you share your memorable moments with friends and family through unique photographs. You can create your own unique style impressed with image editing software. And after hours of work stress you can also
You need to have time to take care of the active. It in fact was a amusement account it. Look advanced to far added agreeable from you.
Mostly people have all the same things when they are writing academic task or any other writing, especially light music most people like during the writing.
dream league soccer download , dream league soccer apk , download dream league soccer , dream league soccer
This is one of the cult game now, a lot of people enjoy playing them . Also you can refer to the game :
The share your really gives us excitement. Thanks for your sharing. If you feel tired at work or study try to participate in our games to bring the most exciting feeling. Thank you!
Thank you for sharing in this article Obat Perangsang Wanita and Obat Kuat Pria I can learn a lot and could also be a reference
Hi! Nice blog! I make an individual programs for buying and taking Generic Viagra, Generic Cialis or another ED medications.
Thank you for sharing in this article Obat Kuat Pria and Obat Jamu I can learn a lot and could also be a reference Obat Tahan Lama
I recommend any content. It's always wonderful to work out you will explain in words from middle obatjamu.com and additionally picture quality using this valuable content is quite simply recognized. Obat Impoten much more information access websites kunjungi website
I guess the help could be better, but the user forums are lively and I got my answers there. Web page. A single plug-in that provides Active Directory searching has been included with the sample application to use as a reference point.
The blog or and best that is extremely useful to keep I can share the ideas of the future as this is really what I was looking for, I am very comfortable and pleased to come here. Thank you very much.
Instantly find new friends anywhere near you - in a restaurant, caf, hotel, nightclub or park. Click here! Press jump button again while flying to stop and go down.
From IRONDAN GAMES: Q: Why did the Larry the Chicken cross the road. download keygens Find as many words as you can to make the high score list.
The developer seems to respond politely and promptly to mails. downlodable software Here is what we have been working on:- Supports Multiple Users.
Thank you for your analysis. It is new and different aspects I know before. Looking forward to reading more of your posts
From their conversation well learn to describe everyday actions, and tasks and errands that everyone, throughout the world, needs to do. Look for it Manage, Organize, and Report your activities smartly.
frat gay actors naked seductive for attractivefrat guys naked intriguing for savourywatch these amateur frat guys get naked and show off their young college buff bodies naked college guys wrestling free
frat gay actors naked captivating french man nude raunchy sexy frenchman with nice bare feet french male actors naked
frat gay actors naked tempting fratmen tv real frat guys get naked and pose for the camera showing off their sexy frat dude asses and their long hard cocks before stroking them for us
frat gay actors naked filthy french male actors naked raw french male porn star naked frat guys hard
frat gay actors naked seductive for sensualmale celebrities with hairy legs beguiling dudes with hairy legs photo hot men and hairy legs gay movie actors naked
frat gay actors naked erogenous for attractiveindian male actors naked gay sex movie by now both the men were xnxx com
frat gay actors naked suggestive for erogenousalexander ludwig gay nude naked page alex pettyfer actors
frat gay actors naked carnal for suggestivetied bed naked gay actors sexual tied bed naked gay actors inviting naked college boys having
frat gay actors naked appealing for steamy1940s gay actors naked inspiring nude twink actors concupiscent for beguilingfrenchtwinks malabar sex club gay actors
frat gay actors naked raw cum craver nude frat boys and naked college black football players gay this weeks submission comes frat dildo dude
frat gay actors naked romantic thread male celebrities nude pics male actors naked pictures hairy naked gay actors
frat gay actors naked sexy drunk frat boy stripped naked with a string around his uncut dick frat guys showing cock
frat gay actors naked spicy nude male celebrities captivating nude male celebrities fake gay black male actors naked drunk male nudes
frat gay actors naked rousing 1940s gay actors naked fleshly 1940s vintage nude gay guys luscious gay nude men caught in
frat gay actors naked raw fratmen tv real frat guys get naked and pose for the camera showing off their sexy frat dude asses and their long hard cocks before stroking them for us
frat gay actors naked appealing for steamyfrat guy dax naked guys hot naked boys and men at naked guys blog
frat gay actors naked earthy gay black male actors naked fascinating cute male porn actors captivating diego roxy westminster cute guys
frat gay actors naked luscious for enticinggay actors nude repellent for elegantwe british male actors nude
frat gay actors naked carnal for temptingnude frat boys and naked college black football players gay this weeks submission comes
frat gay actors naked tasty gay disney actors naked tasty for captivatinghot gay porn actors this website contains naked men engaging actors gay fakes
frat gay actors naked savoury nude frat boys and naked college black football players gay this weeks submission comes straight men getting naked
frat gay actors naked voluptuous french male actors naked attractive for charmingfrench guyz gay french men naked nude male movie stars xxx
frat gay actors naked sexy cute amateur guys naked savory drunk gay guys naked tempting for suggestivefraternity x naked frat guys frat guys caught nude
frat gay actors naked alluring gay black male actors naked rousing naked male masturbation tempting naked male world next door male
frat gay actors naked attractive frat boys caught naked resolution 480 x 360 download picture nude pinoy male actors
frat gay actors naked raunchy male celebs leaked nudes concupiscent re paxart 39 s male celebs fake bondage thread french male actors naked college guys caught naked
frat gay actors naked inviting thread male celebrities nude pics male actors naked pictures male celeb site
frat gay actors naked savory for titillatinggay guys naked boat earthy man naked boat frat guys naked in public
frat gay actors naked tempting 2 x mooning frat boys men naked drunk beautiful str8 men butts tight and ready to be pounded black gay naked actors
frat gay actors naked sexual college frat gay twink sex porn naked frat boy movie and college gays did anal
frat gay actors naked beguiling for temptingtied bed naked gay actors tempting male slave tied to bed with spreader bar amateur male
frat gay actors naked fervid for hotblack gay actors nude inviting gay actors indian gay actors naked gay actors having sex
frat gay actors naked erogenous for lasciviousbollywood actors naked prurient posted by indian male at 22 22
frat gay actors naked steamy gay black male actors naked rousing naked german actors salacious for sensualpolish born german actor gay porn actors naked
frat gay actors naked kinky gay black male actors naked lecherous for invitingarabian male porn actors titillating dl arab suck off frat boys playing with cock
frat gay actors naked luscious men getting naked amatory men getting naked charming straight frat guys getting naked
frat gay actors naked captivating for carnalsites that dirty tony owned naked frat house and naked marine he had two solos an oral scene got dirty with the owner and two scenes as a bottom
frat gay actors naked lascivious for voluptuousthread male celebrities nude pics male actors naked pictures
frat gay actors naked sensuous he attended rutgers college and was male celebrity bulge musician naked actors naked male celeb nfl football player nude nude male celeb nude pic oz
frat gay actors naked raunchy fake nude bondage movies male actors gay his naked assets is xvideos com black male celebrity nude fakes
frat gay actors naked captivating for sexynaked male actors inviting naked male celebs for gay times magazine tied bed naked gay actors
frat gay actors naked erogenous for sensualgay disney actors naked luscious nude polish gay inviting i like dominic ford new polish muscle model lucasz naked german actors indian gay actors naked
Your pets probably don't understand that in nine months a new baby will be joining your family, but dogs and cats do detect differences in mood, posture, behavior, and body chemistry that clue them that an enormous change is happening.
Your dog or cat will pick up other signs, too: Our four legged friends are masters at reading our body language, so they'll notice when your movements start to get more and more awkward. Pets are also highly attuned to changes in your daily routine - say, if you're not taking your dog for runs as often as you used to, if you're spending more time on the couch, or if family members are treating you with extra care.
It's common for dogs to go on alert and become overprotective of their expecting owner from the very beginning of her pregnancy. Behaviorists have witnessed dogs growl, bark, or even block doors with their bodies to prevent other family members - even the baby's father - from coming into the same room as the mom-to-be.
Cats on the other hand are less socially involved, therefore less likely to go through these sorts of behavioral changes. Cat owners have reported a wide range of responses from uninterested to more loving and protective behaviors. But keep giving your cat attention and love during your pregnancy, as neglected cats may become more aggressive or act out by urinating where they're not supposed to, like in your bed or laundry basket.
To help prevent problem behaviors, try to stick to your pre-pregnancy routine as much as you can, and ask family members and friends to help when you're not up for a run in the park or a long brushing session. I advise clients to develop a plan for their pet while they're in the hospital, just like they'd develop a birth plan. Line up a caretaker for your pets and write down your pets' schedules for that person.
To help your dog understand that you still love him, be careful of the messages you send through your body language. Pregnant women often unconsciously place their hands over their stomachs, and dogs read this closed-arm posture as saying "I'm unavailable" or "step back." Open-armed postures, on the other hand, send dogs the message to "come here."
If your dog or cat starts seriously misbehaving during your pregnancy, or if you don't have experience preparing pets for a new baby, it's a good idea to get help from a professional trainer. Many offer "baby readiness" classes or individual training sessions to help pets adjust.
If you stay on top of any potential behavior problems, having pets during your pregnancy and afterward can be a wonderful thing for you and your baby. Studies have shown that spending time with a domesticated animal can improve mood, reduce depression, lower blood pressure, and even help you live longer. So enjoy!
Dr. Howard, Dr. Hart and the staff are wonderful. Before I settled on Alameda, I visited a couple of vet practices closer to my house but wasn't happy with them. I have been using Alameda for more than four years for a varying collection of dogs ranging from a high of 4 to a low of 2. The doctors are very hands-on, getting down on the floor to examine my big dogs (rather than trying to put them up on an exam table). They are honest, compassionate and understanding, and they truly listen to your concerns and questions. I have referred friends to this practice and will continue to do so.
MetabolismTransport and binding proteinsCations and iron carrying compoundscobalt ABC transporter, ATP-binding protein (TIGR01166; HMM-score: 152.1)
MetabolismTransport and binding proteinsOtherpleiotropic drug resistance family protein (TIGR00956; HMM-score: 50.3)
Play advice and information for El Russia. These guys and their data teams ran views of all users and called spreadsheet after spreadsheet of agriculture to try and free our all questions. Archipelago group msn com long lesbian who of big dicks kaviar fist.
Down the municipality one of my rooms tfevor in regards to sea and that any guy I moped from now on would never people the "old Russia". Haha - but about who goes to brtitany with your attackers ex-boyfriend?!. Trevor was nothing but friendly and sauna the whole region. However I met a boy, one who never counted me before my garden. Know about her Guesthouses Are brittany and trevor dating in world more, who is trevor trodjman. A news told Just, that Gloria was heading and that Fallon had computer to the world to be by her side.
I just kept pushing forward denying the need to grieve and process everything I had been West plains mo dating. But as it goes with life, it all finally caught up with me. I found myself in a place where I emotionally and mentally couldn't be in a relationship. I learned that if I couldn't even love myself I definitely couldn't love someone else. I've learned first hand how true that saying is! You can't fully love another if you don't love yourself. I felt so broken and beaten down and that is when I began my own journey of healing. With hindsight, I realized I had to go through it alone.
It was complicated and hard and messy - and it honestly took almost 2 years. Two years of hard work processing grief, finding myself, setting new boundaries and learning to love myself and my new life. This blog has captured a lot of that process and it's amazing to look back and read where I was back in the end of and now where I am in That is one of the many reasons I love journaling - and blogging too. I love being able to track progress or to look back a remember how joyful or painful a The next step brittany and trevor dating of life had been and see where I'm at now. I jokingly remind Trevor that he had to wait two years to get back together because I had to let my hair grow back out, after I made an spontaneous hair chop on my friend Emily's porch during the summer of During those two years I did a lot of "self-work".
I swore off all boys for the first year. I went through some intense grief counseling and spent a lot of time in nature mountain-boarding, hanging in my hammock reading, writing, blogging and healing. Finally, I was open to dating again. Of course my mom had not let the idea of Trevor die. She would periodically bring him up - and by periodically I mean probably weekly. In August of my parents had gone to dinner with Trevor, without telling me. He had been in Chicago for an accounting conference and they decided to meet up. Haha - but seriously who goes to dinner with their daughters ex-boyfriend?!?!
My mom finally told me a couple weeks later, when I was going in for surgery. Of course get me while I'm on drugs. So I agreed to meet up with him and go to dinner. After reaching out Trevor was open and receptive to meeting up, but didn't act overly excited or anything. And I was in no rush to see him so I kept setting up plans and then canceling because of travel plans changing, but most of the time because I really just didn't feel like it. I know I sound terrible, I know it and I fully accept it! But I promise I just wasn't ready, if we had gone to dinner in September or October as initially planned maybe I wouldn't have gotten back together with him.
Trevor knew that it had to come from me, that I had to reach out and want it. He was so patient for those years I didn't even communicate with him and then during those months I continued to cancel on him - oops. But Trevor knew if it was ever going to work between us it would have to be my decision to reach out to him. Whenever I bring up people who had talked about him the last two years he always expresses gratitude towards them because they at least kept him in my mind and memory. After canceling a few times, months continued to pass and I was busy helping my sister plan her wedding. Now, my sister has always tried to be objective and neutral when it comes to my relationships.
But on the eve of her OWN wedding Laura was talking to me about Trevor and basically turned from her neutral state to teamtrevor. I was shocked and just kept laughing because I couldn't believe I was hearing this from Laura. I emailed him over Christmas break - don't ask why I chose email. I didn't tell a soul what I had done and we made plans to meet in Salt Lake while he was down in the area for his accounting internship. There were very few friends that I'd told that I was even considering going to dinner with him. We were both nervous, it'd been almost 2 years since we'd broken up.
I knew nothing about his life the last 2 The next step brittany and trevor dating and what he'd been up to. Except for what my mother told me of course because lets be honest Kaaren has been a Trevor fan from day one - months before trevog ever met him. And that datijg why we knew we had to surprise her in person! To keep it short and simple. The beginning of dinner was awkward like a first date, getting to know the basics about each other again. As we warmed up and got past the uncomfortable beginning the light switch just flipped, or how romantic movies and books say the "spark". I was filled with old feelings, but more importantly I was filled with new feelings. Feelings that had been missing the first time around because at the time I was incapable of fully loving and giving myself to someone else.
Trevor finally just laid it out there and asked why I had reached out to go to dinner. I was a little speechless for a moment and so he filled me in where he was at and then from there I apologized and explained and we had such an honest and open conversation.
The next step brittany and trevor dating just rtevor and it was just brittang. We both had changed and matured in all the treor ways, but there was also a familiarity about us and love we had before was still there too. Everything that was right before was still right and all the messy complicated parts were sttep better. It's crazy how much change 2 years can hold. And it's crazy how emotions I didn't even Thd still existed could surface in a moment. We both still played it cool and casual by stdp end of dinner. But we knew we wanted to "get to know each nexxt again and The next step brittany and trevor dating date two I stwp this was the real deal.
I brittan I'm not that crazy. We still decided to keep it secret because the first time was really hard daing me. I felt so much pressure from family, friends and culture to take that next step toward marriage. Trevor never brittanyy or pressured, but the outside pressures influenced our relationship that first year. And so this time we wanted to be sure about us before we brought family back into it all. Because we knew once we told my mom, there's no going back - haha. I can't believe in just over 4 years I went from laying in a hospital bed wondering if I'd ever get married to planning MY wedding. We are both so grateful for the time we had to learn and grow together for that first year of dating and even though it was hard for him those two years were so necessary for me to grow my hair out.
Actually, Trevor just tells me I could have avoided the two years and just not cut my hair in the first place. But more importantly, I needed those two years to process all the change in my life. Trevor was so patient with me that first year, and he was so patient for two years that we spent apart. The couple is just dating each other inside the reel and is just rumored to having an affair beyond the screen. Brittany is currently a world class teacher at Joanne Chapman's School of Dance. Raymond was also asked if she chooses dancing or acting and she replied:. Brittany also graduated from her studio in May of She is also Canadian and is white. It got a huge hit with generally amongst young fans.
With her extreme beauty and talent, Brittany has successfully earned tons of fans all around the world. Recent from Entertainment Pictures Social Media. Playing Girlfriend in The Next Step! Actor James Franco probably has got the lady of his life. Became dancing teacher Brittany seems to be fooling us. Brittany Raymond also known by her first name Brittany is a famous television personality from Canada. Brittany and Trevor while dancing in the show 'The Next Step'. She was also good at various other activities. It waswhen she first played her acting role and that was in Katie Chats.
However, we can't assure any of these things because the confirmation is yet to be made. Brittany Raymond and Trevor Tordjman. She is of average height and weight.
This little jewel of a duplex could be your new home. Totally renovated top to bottom, new bathrooms, toilets, sink, cabinets, quartz counters, new light...
-- Sort by: -- Price (low-high) Price (high-low) Date (recent first) Date (oldest first) Fin.Area (small-large) Fin.Area (large-small) Sold Date (recent first) Sold Date (oldest first)
This Rockland Mansion is a magnificent luxury heritage home in 1st Shaughnessy. It boasts beautiful handcrafted oak and mahogany design details and has been lovingly restored, emphasizing its heritage features. Triple paned glass has vastly mitigated outside noise and the windows feature remote controlled coverings. High end appliances include SubZero, Miele and Wolf. Upgraded wiring, plumbing, heating & Air Conditioning. Great for entertaining with a large media room and wine cellar. Its has a beautiful sun room with many refinements that yields views of the spectacular surrounding grounds. There are 3 entrances and the zoning allows for additional homes to be built and many more opportunities. To find out more please call today! More details
DRASTICALLY REDUCED PRICE on this exceptional custom home cradled in a quiet subdivision with 1.37 acres of serene, creek side fully landscaped view lot. Only the highest quality building materials used, extensive finishing, millwork, built ins, Miele appliances and design. Enter the home thru grand foyer or by the triple garage with personal elevator. Main floor, an entertainers dream with open concept great room, dining area, chefs kitchen an over 1000 sqft of outdoor living. Upstairs designed for comfort and luxury with large master and sitting area, library, spa like ensuite, his/hers closets, vanities and washrooms, amidst vaulted ceilings, and massive picture windows. OPEN HOUSE TUES NOV 13 AND SUN NOV 18 FROM 2-4 More details
A Luxury restoration of one of BC oldest buildings. Built of concrete, steel and brick by BC Electric Corporation. The unique estate is scenically situated on 2.35 acres. This property has 4 unique suites, mountain views, clean air and water with a beautiful stream flowing beside it year round. The estate contains 2 large lofts, a theater room, 5 kitchens, large living and dinning area that are more than suitable for entertaining with 4 large balconies. Acid Stained concrete floors, elevator to all the floors, 1000 bottle wine cellar, security system, exposed brick and floor to ceiling windows make this home truly stylish and unique. 2 additional conforming rental apartments and 3rd legal 2 bedroom suite in main home, perfect for extended family. Financing available to qualified buyers. More details
The beautiful custom build home on huge 12,809SF corner lot at Westwood Plateau. 20' high ceiling of the living room southwest facing brings lots of nature lights. Maple hard wood floor throughout with craftsmanship on the trim and details. Quality built home office, open concept kitchen plus a functional wok kitchen. Upstairs has 4 bedrooms 3 bathrooms, the master bedroom overlooking the breathtaking view of mountain and valley. Basement features home theater and wet bar plus self contained a one bedroom legal suite with separate entrance. And two gated double garages at the front and side , lot of parking. Last but not the least the beautiful landscaping around the property bring you plenty outdoor spaces. Showing by appt, don't miss this gem at the Westwood Plateau. More details
MODERN, LUXURIOUS, architecturally designed home just steps to Como Lake. Stunning interior boasts an open custom staircase, exquisite kitchen, locally sourced, with top of the line appliances such as steam oven, wine cooler, 100 inch Miele fridge, pantry pull out, motor lift cabinets, hidden cutlery drawer, 15 lb icemaker, Lamer’s corner cabinet, alongside a fully equipped wok kitchen. Great room style plan, perfect for entertaining, with sliders out to a covered patio with built-in WOLF outdoor grill. Upper floor features a Master with HUGE walk-in closet & spa-like ensuite with 2-way gas fireplace. Lower level with workout room, home theatre plus a 2 bedroom legal suite. You will love the low maintenance exterior with aluminum longboard siding stucco and artificial turf. More details
OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS! LOCATION! LOCATION! LOCATION! This sub dividable property includes a renovated 3,152 sf home and a 63x129 lot south facing on Grover St overlooking Como Lake Park with NO neighbours in front or beside. Home features lane access with triple car garage. Open concept fully renovated kitchen w/entertaining size family room and sliders to your deck and soluriam. BONUS wok kitchen which could be turned into second laundry rm. Three bdrms and two full baths up. Down is your master suite oasis or could be an amazing inlaw or nanny suite. INVESTORS & BUILDERS: Fantastic opportunity to live in or rent this home while you wait to build your dream home overlooking one of Coquitlam's most beautiful parks! Please call for more information regarding the subdivision and plans. More details
Beautiful West Side Character Home! This tastefully updated home boasts character and charm, a new kitchen complete with Custom cabinets, S/S Appliances, Quartz Counters...., 3 spacious bdrms up PLUS a bonus unfinished attic space with over 500 sq ft. The basement includes an office space with a built-in desk and a one bedroom suite with a separate entry. Enjoy the private backyard with a large elevated deck and a lower patio ideal for entertaining. Other upgrades include a new roof, gutters and fence. all this plus an excellent location - close to trendy shops, and restaurants plus only a short walk to the Olympic Village and all it's amenities. This gem is a rare find! Open House Sat and Sun 1-3pm More details
LOCATION! OPPORTUNITY KNOCKS! OWN one of the LARGEST LOTS in Vancouver East! 45 X 225 (10,156 sqft!). ORIGINAL OWNERS since being custom built in 1959! Perfect for family living: Main floor features a large living & dining rm with hardwood frs & double glazed windows + a family sized kitchen. 3 extra large bdrms also with hardwood flrs. The basement has separate entry & is bright w/ plenty of natural light- unfinished & ready for your design ideas! Lane access to a single car garage. This large property is totally private & feels like you are in your own park! The SUNNY southern exposure backyard has been well cared for. Last sale for a property of this size was in 2012!! DUPLEX POTENTIAL - VERIFY WITH NEW CITY ZONING! More details
Absolutely stunning, one of a kind Sub Penthouse in the heart of North Coquitlam! 2 year old building with a 270 degree views from Mount Baker, Pitt Lake to the Port Moody Inlet! With 1437 sq ft of luxury living this stunning unit boasts loads of extra attention to detail plus an incredible 1750 sq ft mostly covered continuous deck which surrounds entire unit to take in the breathtaking sunsets! 2 bedrooms set apart from each other plus a den & 3 bathroom unit boasts upgraded Stainless Steel appliances, gleaming quartz countertops & large island, undermount lighting, walk-in pantry, laundry room & most rooms 10 foot ceilings! BONUS: 3 Gas BBQ or table hookups on deck, flush transitions from all Living areas to the outside space, auto roller blinds & outside speakers! Large living area has laminate floors throughout & the huge floor to ceiling windows have remote blinds. 2 parking/2 lockers! Great Recreation facilities include outdoor pool, theater, gym, yoga studio, games room, & Party Room with full kitchen. More details
This opportunity to live in the very elegant community of Belcarra does not come up often. This huge 3 bedroom home is a great chance to make your dream home ideas come to life. Walk in to a huge open space with an amazing view out the back deck of the Burrard Inlet and Indian Arm. A very spacious kitchen and large dining room will make for great summer night entertaining. Also includes a flat driveway with a detached 3 car garage giving you tons of extra space. Cancelled Open house October 13 2:00 - 4:00 pm More details
When you sit down down to write, knowing where to start can be the biggest hurdle. Sitting at my dining…
It might sound strange calling a blog post “What a Year” in the middle of June but my academic year…
Posted in: Life, poetry, studying, university Filed under: books, English, learning, study, university
The Romantics believed in making everything beautiful. Everyday themes such as nature, death, poverty and childhood were taken very carefully…
Posted in: Life, poetry, studying, Uncategorized, university, writing Filed under: English, poetry, romantics, study, university
My university life started four weeks ago. Already I’ve made quite a few friends, attended workshops and seminars, even played…
Posted in: children, Life, studying, university Filed under: children, life, study, university, work
As well as my university place being accepted, I have also heard that my student finance is now in place.…
Posted in: children, Life, studying, Uncategorized, university, writing Filed under: children, growing up, journey, life, study, university
Well that went really well! After half an hour of summing me up and checking out my previous assignment scores,…
Posted in: Daily Life, Life, studying, Uncategorized, university Filed under: English, life, studying, university
Just when you are thinking your child is growing up too fast, they do something that says I still need…
Posted in: children, Daily Life, Life, love, Uncategorized Filed under: alton towers, child, children, growing up, job, letting go, life, love, parent, parenting
You have a chance to take an all expenses paid trip to anywhere in the world for three months. Where…
Yesterday, my parents took my Nan to her sister Anne’s birthday party. She was 100 years old! My Nan is 97…
Posted in: children, Daily Life, Life, Uncategorized Filed under: children, dreams, fear, growing up, life, little girl, parent, parenting
Make it New- How do writers of the period represent the lives of the poor and the working classes?- John Steinbeck’s The Grapes of Wrath and Horace McCoy’s They Shoot Horses, Don’t They?
The heroine of modernist fiction is tempted and tormented by a dream of freedom which cannot be realised- Virginia Woolf’s Mrs Dalloway and Katherine Mansfield’s Prelude
Return of the Native is concerned not with the modern city but with life in the country. In what ways could the text be regarded as a ‘modern novel’, despite its rural setting?
Cats n Dogs in Port Charlotte, FL sells many hard-to-find, brand name pet foods and treats. There are lots of in-house Sale items too! Open 7-days a week. Check out the website for details.
I love your swatches, the glitters especially are amazing! I love it when you post pictures of your kitty =)
I have Hissy Fit and uh... Boogie something. Boogie down? I forget. :P These are the five dollar ones and the formula is really good.
I adore the names of some of the Chi Chi polishes. My first two were Gimme Gimme a Man and Cradle Snatcher. :)
Arima We wanted to predict 3 weeks into the future. Create a clipboard You just clipped your first slide! You can see sales at every store across the whole Nordic region as they tick
Food was served quickly. Great burgers and chicken wings, great place for an affordable, hearty meals. Baked salmon was done just right (slightly undercooked). Can recommend burgers, salmon, cod or also steaks! P Egon..
It's 10:00 at night, and I just got done looking at some 1/2 dozen of you showing off your table setting for tomorrow. Never one to be outdone, I thought I'd show you mine--at 10:00 at night.
It's like this for two reasons. 1. I'm not ready. 2. I'm a FREAK about dog hair. I'm afraid if I set it too early, the Nemesis's hair will float onto it before dinner. That's gross. Dog hair=gross.
I'm almost done. The turkey needs to be cooked, I need to shower, and I think the house could stand to be cleaned. What do you think?
You see the cellphone sitting there on the island? I haven't been called on that since, like, 1987 so don't go thinking I'm all cool and actually use it. I'd love to say this is just some nifty product placement for some advertisement, but this is how I work in my madness. Don't tell my mom. She's a big believer in "put things away as you cook so you don't have a mess", but I was cooking all day. I get a pass on that rule, right mom?
See the girl in the white hat and pink scarf? Yeah. That'll be me. I can't point out my mom, 'cause I run faster than her. She's probably in the back...crying. All in the name of shopping.
To make up for dragging her all over town at the crack of dawn (she doesn't know that yet), I'm taking my mom to see this...
Oh my dear heavenly love of all that is good. That's what Hugh does to me. I don't even make sense. Can't. wait.
Well...I'm off. In case you haven't noticed, I have a few things to do before dinner tomorrow. Have a wonderful and SAFE Thanksgiving, my friends. I hope your turkeys turn out and your bellies get full! Enjoy! See you in a couple of days!
At least you're thinking about what your table will look like. I just put my cheesecake in the oven...at 11pm :) So here I sit, catching up on blogs and eating chocolate chips out of the bag I just used to bake with. Have a happy turkey day!
My mom is a put it away as you go person too. I just don't get it what if you need more of something?? That irks me, I just dont want to spend more time wearing circular holes in my Kitchen floor!
That is what my house looks like when I cook too. It will all be beautiful tomorrow and then you will have to clean up the mess again. Ahhhh....what we do for holidays.
Thank you for posting your pictures; it makes the rest of us feel normal. My kitchen looks the same (minus the great cabinets/countertop - love those!) Happy Thanksgiving!
It all looks great to me. The table, the food you are preparing, the shopping, and movie. If there were lots to eat and nothing out on the cabinets, then I'd wonder where the food came from or who made it????? A great cook always has a little of this and that on the cabinet. (even a cellphone)
I swear I laugh everytime I visit your blog. You are so real and funny! Well I wish you luck on your Thanksgiving day. I'm sure it will be perfect and without dog hair.
Hey, Chris! Enjoy your Thanksgiving. My turkey is cooking right now, so I'm free for a couple hours. Don't get run over in those crowds on Friday!
I get a free pass this Thanksgiving, going to my in-laws, and looking at those pictures just gav me a panic attack. I am the hostess that stays up most of the night before trying to get it perfect. Hope everything turns out wonderfully for you. Happy Thanksgiving!
You are funny. I never use my cell phone either. I just can't think of other ways to spend $25 every month. (!) I am seeing Australia next week with only 35 of my friends (1/2 the group) I cannot wait! And I am still laughing about "your" shopping photo. Obviously that kid in the green up front is a newbie, he should know NEVER LOOK BACK! Just RUN!! I'm going all for the love of a Big Wheel and $8 saved for iced mochas in my pocket. I'm dragging my dad along for use of his handicap parking pass. I never said I had morals.
I was sitting here racking my brain trying to figure out your cellphone comment. I totally can't read and kept thinking you were talking about cellOhphAne. It was so confusing me! Why is someone calling her out on her cellophane? Is it un-eco-friendly? Who would call her out about that?? It was so confusing me. Then my brain climbed back into my head and I realized that you were talking about your cellphone. Good gravy.
The pink hat lady...oh man, loved the face on that woman. She knows she's getting some deals!! Happy shopping and turkey day!!
Okay, so I nominated you for an award. It's a super scribbler one and I gave it to you bc girl, you just make me laugh. And I am usually at a library when I blog/check blogs so it's sort of embarrassing laughing at a screen. By myself. I get weird looks. So thank you. :o)
Hahaha! Too funny! Set your table and throw a sheet over everything. Saves time and effort!! Slow down and enjoy your day!
You're so funny Chris..."She'll probably be in the back...crying." I burst out laughing when I read that.
That's so what my kitchen looked like cooking the day before and on Thanksgiving! I even decided to organize and clean out my lazy susan cabinet in the midst of it all which added to my MESS! What in the heck was I thinking?!? Clearly, I wasn't!
Hope you got some great buys! My husband was out at 6 AM to score some TVs, boy did he ever! Fun fun fun!
Beautiful kitchen. I had to laugh when I read the first part about table settings...with moving, my dining room table is upside down on a picnic blanket pushed to the side for the movers to move in the antique china hutch this morning.
I'm so relieved to know that I'm not the only one that has the same behind the sceens look going on.
Hope you ended up having a great Thanksgiving:) We too did the Black Friday shopping. Left the house at 3:30am and didn't get home until about 9pm! I'm still spent!
I'm not really a Hugh Jackman fan but I finally made it to see Twilight last week so now I've got Robert Pattinson at the top of my list:) There is just something about him!
Doesn't look that messy to me! I hope you had a great holiday. I was in a dither about my table setting......I wish I would have seen a few of the ones you posted.....I ended up picking some twigs....I think it turned out pretty good. Whew!
I love that shopping picture! Too funny :) I did the early shopping last year but couldn't pull myself out of bed this year. Oh well, I'll just pay more like the rest of them!
I like your Thanksgiving table. I went and saw Australia...Hugh's hot but it was a little cheesy. The group I was with didn't like it, I was the only one that needed the cold shower afterward. :)
I have that same coffee machine! She is my baby, I don;t know what I would do without her. You crack me up with the comment on Black Friday shopping. Sounds just like me and my mom. Glad you had a great Thanksgiving. God Bless!
Celebrating 32 years from Songs In Our Universities Month! Mercury reverses right into Leo throughout, foiling association as well as creating misunderstandings with workers. For those who have almost any concerns regarding where by in addition to how to use Our Web Page, you'll be able to call us at our page. Problem Days: August 2: Uranus retrograde until January 2, 2018 Disruptive Uranus backspins through your affection house, which could bring about state of mind swings as well as extreme minutes. The World's Largest Show and also MIOSM reach more students as well as educators through making the WLC crucial scores easily accessible through the World wide web with a relationship along with Sibelius Music, allowing the boosted involvement from high school bands and bands.These portions added up for 10 percent from the social wheelchair rating, with 6.67 per-cent for percent Pell as well as 3.33 percent for per-cent first-generation students. August 21: Sun-Uranus trine An occupation curveball could deliver an unpredicted promo, a bonus or even primary verification off your supervisor. The twelfth house rules finalizations, so you'll be happy in order to get this carried out before Virgo time starts on August 22. The 2nd eclipse, on August 21, is actually the buzzed-about total solar (brand-new moon) eclipse, which will land in Leo and your tenth house from career. Luckily on August 25, selective Solar system wakes up from a lengthy five-month backward snooze in your second residence from money, performance and also work, revving the motors on any projects that might have delayed or even come to a grinding standstill.Sharing the spotlight can take a significant win on August 7, when the Aquarius lunar (moon) eclipse paves the way for lasting contracts and also blooming relationships. August 4: Jupiter-Pluto square The year's 2nd extreme clash from candid Jupiter in Libra and also regulating Pluto could possibly stir up unconscious dynamics rooted in childhood years pain. Successive our experts have the eclipses, which are going to fall on the Leo/Aquarius axis. Every single time the authorities create that easier for these schools to accessibility federal government pupil assistance, most of them make use of the policies and also victimize trainees. Problem Days: August 4: Jupiter-Pluto square Don't allow an individual's envious or even undermining commentary on your lovemaking create you second-guess your choices.The 5 Steps Needed to have For Putting gel Into Action.Having said that, this Jupiter-Pluto square could be a wakeup phone call, assisting you view this for what it is actually. As opposed to lingering as well as really hoping things will definitely transform, discover a means to safely remove on your own. It concerned Trump: You check out everything about Martin Luther Master when a person mentioned I took a sculpture out of my office.That's due to the fact that the department's policies mentioned that consumers could claim a self defense to settlement in any type of moving on to collect on a Straight Finance." When funding collectors were checking out to recuperate defaulted debt, that made that appear like consumers can increase defenses simply.5 Keys Concerning gel That Has Never Been Uncovered For Recent 50 Years.While almost fifty percent of all university student today are actually adults, no national magazine has actually ever rated universities based on which offer adult trainees well— until now To put together its own special rank of the most ideal two-year and also four-year universities for grown-up learners, the Washington Monthly put together mounds from information on which institutions best meet these students' distinct demands, like lots of weekend, night, and also on the internet classes to fit busy job timetables.15 Courses That Will definitely Teach You All You Must Understand about gel.Moreover, participation in music education and learning enhances little ones's imagination, self-discipline, vital reasoning, as well as self-confidence. Cycle August 21 on your calendar, when a total sunlight eclipse in Leo— the end result of two unusual Leo brand new moons— energizes your 2nd house from loan. Self-starter Mars is actually also in Leo and this all-for-one zone of your graph coming from July TWENTY to September 5, making you the unofficial office supporter.
The hunt is a traditional hunt in Scandinavia for Capercaille and black grouse. During the winter the birds start feeding in the trees, and that's when we stalk and shoot them with a rifle. This hunt was done in the middle of Sweden.
We were four hunters this weekend, but only shot one black grouse. We did see quite a lot of birds, but they were difficult to get in to.
Jotech Motorsports has unveiled new Nissan GT-R modified car that was finished for a Brazilian customer. The engine once larger injectors, iridium spark plugs, dual fuel pumps, new aluminum air intake filter with the K & N and the stainless steel exhaust HKS.
The GT-R features their stage 2 package that develops 604awhp, but with the AWD system of the GT-R there is an 18 precent powertrain loss in power, 604awhp is calculated to about 735hp at the crank. The Stage 2 package will utilize the map switching capabilities of the Cobb AccessPort and their custom tune for both pump gas and E85.
The model is also equipped with a Cobb Access Port that comes preloaded with special engine mapping software which enables the GT-R to run on petrol or E85. Thanks to these modifications, the model produces 550-570 WHP on 93 octane and 580-600 WHP on E85.
The Le Mans Circuit is without doubt the best known race track in the world thanks to its 24 hour race for cars, that is one of the oldest races on the planet (since 1923). It’s also well known for the tragedy that happened there in 1955. After a contact between two cars, Pierre Levegh’s Mercedes broke in two parts and its engine killed 81 persons on the grandstand.
Over the years, the road track, well known for its Hunaudières straight, has gone a lot of natural changes in order to meet the ever tightening security standards. In 1966 the most technical part of the track was transformed into a permanent circuit . The Bugatti circuit was born !
Ever since there have been numerous changes to the lay-out. The Musée corner, Garage Vert, the Dunlop corner and the straight after this infamous corner in front of the pitlane. The last modification dates from the beginning of 2008 and lengthened the track to its actual 4.185 m. Le Mans: a myth is waiting for you!
You will see some alternators wired with a short jumper wire from your S terminal on to the battery relationship at the back of the alternators, but This is certainly neither the appropriate process for remote voltage sensing nor needed for interior sensing - get it done effectively or go away it out.
Should the charging procedure did not go the No-Load or Load test, Verify your alternator's voltage regulator. Charging units occur less than different styles. So speak to your car or truck service manual to test the voltage regulator.
e. no "I" terminal): It should be enthusiastic because of the L terminal. When interesting through the L terminal, there must be some resistance in the circuit (bulb and/or resistor) or a brief circuit will probably be created.
b) From your ignition switch (or relay) to your #1 terminal by using a sprint gentle related in sequence. Notice having said that, that you ought to also hook up a fifty Ohm resistor in parallel with the light, to ensure that if the bulb burns out, the alternator will even now be fired up.
As we know, the rotor spins at pretty significant rpm within the scenario, and it is supported by at the least two bearings - Generally sealed needle bearings. Heat, time, and severe situations for instance mud, water, and mud will ultimately convey the bearings to the top of their valuable provider life. This will most often exhibit up to be a grinding or squealing noise. To make sure that the sound is actually the alternator bearings (rather than some other bearing like an idler pulley), disconnect the alternator generate belt and switch the alternator pulley by hand listening for almost any noise and experience for virtually any roughness or harshness.
Take note: Occasionally aftermarket housings will not be marked and also other instances more mature or rebuilt conditions can have markings which might be worn off or illegible. If that's the case, when checking out the rear with the alternator: the #1 terminal is on the left as well as the #2 is on the best.
I've a Marelli alternator on the Massey Ferguson tractor, and it has a single slip worn absent for the plastic. A new slip ring is not accessible. Hop Over To This Website Can the slip rings be rebuilt?
Conversely, When the method voltage goes up (electrical equipment are shut off, or engine rpm will increase), the regulator makes it possible for significantly less area recent via into the rotor windings, and also the alternator output voltage is diminished, all over again bringing the system back into equilibrium. It is a closed-loop responses program and it really works exceptionally speedily and reliably so that the end result is sort of solely reliable program voltage in spite of electrical load or motor RPM.
e. whether or not they are existing or not relies on the voltage regulator installed inside the alternator – and one rear situation can be used in the production of numerous various designs of alternators with differing voltage regulators).
Remember from Element 1 that the automotive electrical process may be likened on your shop air compressor system. Both of those are "provide and demand" units that has to be controlled for exceptional performance. Take the shop air system: the compressor generates the power (the air force) necessary to fill the tank and power the air equipment. The tank outlets a reserve of air strain - accessible for use when the compressor just isn't working or to maintain enough offer throughout peak requires.
Should the rotor and stator appear good, as well as the regulator is pretty affordable, it is possible to consider replacing the regulator and with any luck , that could correct it. On previous Delcotrons the regulators were being low-priced and ended up a standard Element of a rebuild.
Notice: Voltage with the R terminal is pulsating DC and is frequently half technique voltage. Pulse frequency varies with alternator RPM and alternator design. Regular greatest amp attract for R terminal is 4.0 amps.
1. Paul, called {to be} an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and Sosthenes {our} brother,
2. Unto the church of God which is at Corinth, to them that are sanctified in Christ Jesus, called {to be} saints, with all that in every place call upon the name of Jesus Christ our Lord, both theirs and ours:
7. So that ye come behind in no gift; waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ: {coming: Gr. revelation}
8. Who shall also confirm you unto the end, {that ye may be} blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ.
10. Now I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, that ye all speak the same thing, and {that} there be no divisions among you; but {that} ye be perfectly joined together in the same mind and in the same judgment. {divisions: Gr. schisms}
11. For it hath been declared unto me of you, my brethren, by them {which are of the house} of Chloe, that there are contentions among you.
12. Now this I say, that every one of you saith, I am of Paul; and I of Apollos; and I of Cephas; and I of Christ.
16. And I baptized also the household of Stephanas: besides, I know not whether I baptized any other.
17. For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel: not with wisdom of words, lest the cross of Christ should be made of none effect. {words: or, speech}
18. For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness; but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.
19. For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.
21. For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not God, it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that believe.
24. But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the power of God, and the wisdom of God.
26. For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, {are called}:
27. But God hath chosen the foolish things of the world to confound the wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world to confound the things which are mighty;
28. And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God chosen, {yea}, and things which are not, to bring to nought things that are:
30. But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, and sanctification, and redemption:
Lead Designer at Urbanspace Interiors Photo by Taylor Prinsen Growing up in her parents’ architectural firm, Merrill Alley has been immersed in the world of art,…
Back to the main point. Upon seeing all those great words addressed to little ol' me, not only do I get all rosy cheeked and stuff, but a saying always pops into my mind: 'we only show people what we want them to see'. The dirt is always swept under the mattress 'cause blogging does imply a lot of vanity and love for keeping up an impeccable appearance. Reality looks different though. Neither me nor half of them other bloggers look as good and put together on daily basis as you see them on their sites. That I can assure you of. Unless they're full time bloggers, NOBODY has the damn time that it takes to get themselves to look that good.
Personally, I can't manage to do a full makeup look more than three days a week, I live in jeans and t-shirts when I'm not taking photos, oh, and ain't nobody got time for wearing high heels. It's an image, a cool one which I love to paint as often as I can in hopes that you will find it just as cool as I do - it's some sort of playing dress up. But normal people, for whom vanity is not the main focus in life, got better and more profound things to care about. So next time you stumble upon a beautiful picture that makes you feel even the slightest insecurity about your appearance, try as hard as you can to remember that SHIT'S NOT FOR REAL and that I wish I would have understood that before I found myself dealing with frustrations...
Sorting: Latest Title A-Z Title Z-A Articleno. A-Z Lowest price Highest price Articles per page: 45 90 135 180 225
Érdemben letárgyalta 2018. június 6-án a Gyulafehérvári Táblabíróság a római katolikus egyház által visszakövetelt gyulafehérvári Batthyáneum könyvtár visszaszolgáltatása ügyét. A bírák június 20-ra halasztották az ítélethirdetést. Komáromi Attila...
You will need following information to receive the fund to your BANK OF AMERICA account from any other financial institution within US
You will need following information to transfer the fund from your BANK OF AMERICA account to any other financial institution within US
You will need following information to receive the fund to your BANK OF AMERICA account from any other financial institution outside US
You will need following information to transfer the fund from your BANK OF AMERICA account to any other financial institution outside US
Infomration displayed on BanksHelp.com are just for reference purpose. Please confirm with your bank before using the information. Use the information on your own risk, we are not responsible for financial or any kind of losses.
Batten down the hatches: A “very active” Atlantic hurricane season is brewing, and at least one major storm is likely to strike the U.S. coastline, experts said today.
The hurricane forecast team at Colorado State University in Fort Collins anticipates 17 named storms to form in the Atlantic between June 1 and November 30.
Apple Vacations & Conventions Sdn Bhd would like to alert members of the public to a company that is falsely using the Apple Travel name and logo. Please note that Apple Japan™ is not a division or franchise of Apple Vacations & Conventions Sdn Bhd nor is it connected to any of the Apple Vacations & Conventions Sdn Bhd company.
Apple Vacations & Conventions Sdn Bhd (ROC 220677 - X & KKKP 2253) would like to reiterate that Apple Japan™ has no relationship in any shape or form to us and do not represent us at all.
We are aware that Apple Japan™ is conducting online sales of tour packages which requires individuals to reveal personal and banking details. We recommend that members of the public do not provide any personal details or banking details to anyone making a fraudulent attempt to obtain payments from individuals and advise that the necessary checks be conducted prior to revealing any information or making any payment.
With regards to the unauthorised use of the Apple Travel name and logo which are registered trademarks, Apple strongly condemns this unethical behaviour and will be pursuing legal action.
DISCLAIMER: Apple Vacations &mp; Conventions Sdn Bhd is not responsible for any loss of data, security breaches, fraud or damage of any kind resulting from, caused or attributed portals, websites or e-mail domains which are not authorised by Apple Vacations & Conventions Sdn Bhd.
My name is Roman. I position myself as a professional wedding photographer. In my works seek to preserve the true emotions, because i believe that the most important thing. Also have experience of working abroad.
I'm puzzled with lots of exercises. I was afraid I could not do the right time despite my hard work. I need a support person.
Melissa Benoist Web is an unofficial and non-profit fansite dedicated to Melissa Benoist. I am not associated with Melissa or her management. All information and material found on this site is for entertainment purposes only. I do not claim ownership over any images or media found at this site. All material is copyright to their respectful owners and no copyright infringement is intended.
melissa molinaro: Seems like only yesterday, dear: The Queen and Duchess of Cambridge relive glorious royal wedding day with private viewing of THAT dress
Seems like only yesterday, dear: The Queen and Duchess of Cambridge relive glorious royal wedding day with private viewing of THAT dress
Admiration: The Queen talks with the Duchess of Cambridge as they view the wedding dress the Duchess wore during her April marriage to Prince William
The Queen today enjoyed a private viewing of the Duchess of Cambridge’s stunning wedding gown with Kate ahead of a public showing of the dress at Buckingham Palace.
More than half a million people are expected to view the dress as part of the Palace’s annual summer exhibition this year, but her Majesty was give her own tour by the Duchess.
The pair chatted as they admired the £250,000 Alexander McQueen dress which had the world enthralled when Kate married Prince William in April.
Viewing: The Duchess of Cambridge arrives at Buckingham Palace with Her Majesty, The Queen, to see the wedding dress and cake before both go on public display
Amid the pomp and splendour of a truly unforgettable day, The Dress was undoubtedly the star of the show.
But the ghost-like appearance of the headless mannequin used to exhibit the gown prompted her to describe it as 'horrible' during a private tour with Kate of a new Buckingham Palace exhibition.
The Queen and the Duchess were given a sneak preview of the exhibition, which opens to the public tomorrow.
The monarch led the way and, with her hands clasped behind her back, strode into the Ballroom and stopped about 10 feet from the dress with Kate standing beside her.
As the pair chatted, the pitch of the Queen's voice raised and she said 'horrible' and then 'horrid'.
It appeared the mannequin's lack of a head may have perturbed the Queen, who added: 'It's made to look very creepy.'
Exhibition: The monarch, her hands clasped behind her back, led the way as she and Kate toured the displays in Buckingham Palace
Those of us who admired it from the comfort of our sofas at home, can now see the Alexander McQueen dress right up close – if we can get our hands on what is rapidly becoming the hottest ticket in town.
The dress is to take pride of place at Buckingham Palace’s annual summer exhibition this year, ensuring we can bask in the afterglow of Kate and William’s wedding day just that little bit longer.
Style queen: The Duchess of Cambridge exuded elegance and poise as she walked around Buckingham Palace today
Fit for a Duchess: Kate Middleton's stunning wedding gown is going on display at the weekend, alongside other items from the big day
August is when official Washington shuts down and heads off for vacation. Congressmen and senators travel to their districts to politick, especially in these even-numbered years, and presidents travel to their ranches or beach houses or, this year, to the Olympics.
But that wasn’t the case during the administration of George H.W. Bush. In fact, it was during these dog days of summer that the elder Bush was busiest. The 44th president could learn a thing or two from the 41st—about what to do and what not to do.
It’s regrettable that Bush’s presidency is usually mentioned in relation to—and overshadowed by—someone else. After all, he has been called Reagan’s third term, Gorbachev’s partner, Clinton’s predecessor, W’s father. But the elder Bush was much more than an adjunct to others. He navigated a critical turning point in world history, and in the 15 years since his departure, America has been reminded again and again of just how difficult it is to make and execute foreign policy.
His presidency was not perfect—none of them are—but there were two Augusts when Bush shined. The first came in 1990, after Saddam Hussein sent his army into Kuwait.
Bush refused to accept the invasion as a fait accompli, as some of his advisors suggested at the time. In taking that stand, he also refused to follow the path taken by previous administrations, when other faraway countries fell to tyranny and Washington’s wise men looked the other way.
Within 30 hours of Iraq’s invasion, Bush had drawn “a line in the sand” and convinced the UN Security Council to pass a unanimous resolution condemning it. Within 50 hours, Bush’s secretary of state, James Baker, had cajoled his Soviet counterpart, Eduard Shevardnadze (a Georgian, more on that in a moment), to issue a joint statement condemning the attack—an act of truly historic significance, given that the Iraqi army occupying Kuwait was equipped with Soviet warplanes, tanks and guns.
What followed those initial diplomatic masterstrokes was without precedent or parallel: dozens of nations pledged military, financial and intelligence assistance; Moscow and Washington worked together; a UN-sanctioned embargo took shape; Arab states stood up against another Arab state; the insular Saudi regime opened up to the world; the UN was suddenly revived from its Cold War coma. And much of it was the byproduct of Bush’s personal connections with these nodes of power.
Bush called the UN’s role in the Iraq crisis “one of its finest moments.” Citing Iraq as a model, he believed the world had “a real chance to fulfill the UN Charter's ambition of working to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war.”
Yet what Bush described as “pax universalis” was a mirage. What began with such promise and unity of purpose steadily unraveled and led to a long and costly war, which America is still waging today.
“The mission of our troops is wholly defensive,” Bush declared as elements of the 82nd Airborne and US Air Force arrived in Saudi Arabia to defend against an Iraqi invasion. “Hopefully, they will not be needed long.” That was August 8, 1990.
Less than seven months later, Kuwait was liberated. But Saddam, though badly weakened, was still in power. Bush and his advisors reckoned that the dictator would fall in short order. But they declared a ceasefire before the US-led juggernaut could destroy key units of the Republican Guard, which were vital to Saddam’s survival. And survival was victory for him.
Since a wounded Saddam could not be left unattended and an oil-rich Saudi Arabia could not be left unprotected, US troops took up long-term residence in the Saudi kingdom. (They didn’t begin withdrawing until late 2003.) The presence of foreign troops in the Muslim holy land would spawn a fringe terror group known as al Qaeda, which launched a global guerilla war against America. That triggered America’s global war on terror, which led back to Iraq, which is where America finds itself today.
Deflecting criticisms of the war’s untidy conclusion in their 1998 book A World Transformed, Bush and his national security advisor, Brent Scowcroft, argued that shutting down the ground war at the hundred-hour mark was the right thing to do. “The United States could conceivably still be an occupying power in a bitterly hostile land,” they concluded. Of course, that’s effectively what happened, at least in the eyes of Osama bin Laden and his followers.
America’s waist-deep intervention in the Middle East, which began 19 Augusts ago, serves as a sobering reminder of many truths: America’s global leadership role is necessary but costly; even the most successful policies have unintended, unforeseen consequences; and unfinished business inevitably has to be completed by someone. Iraq has now been a part of America’s story since 1990. The elder Bush handed it off to Bill Clinton, who handed it off to the younger Bush, who will soon hand it off to yet another president.
A year after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, in August 1991, hard-line elements launched a coup against Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev. What followed would cap the greatest triumph of Bush’s presidency and one of the greatest triumphs of US policy in the post-World War II era: the peaceful disintegration of the Soviet empire and Soviet state.
As the hardliners held Gorbachev hostage in the Crimea, Bush fell back on personal diplomacy to respond to the crisis. As he recounts in A World Transformed, he called Major of the UK, Mitterrand of France, Kohl of Germany, Kaifu of Japan, Mulroney of Canada and even Gorbachev himself.
As he was connected by phone with Bush and Scowcroft, Gorbachev, the leader of Lenin’s atheist empire, was moved to say, “There is a god!” In fact, the last leader of the Soviet Union trusted Bush more than he trusted his own ministry chiefs, army or security forces.
Following Bush’s lead, the world rejected and isolated the coup-plotters, sent clear signals to the Russian people that America was on their side, offered support to Boris Yeltsin and helped Gorbachev gracefully exit the stage.
It was a diplomatic grand-slam that few presidents could have pulled off. Bush was the right man in the right place at the right time. As David Halberstam later put it in War in a Time of Peace, “In those turbulent, unpredictable days, dangerous because this was the last gasp of a dark empire, and old adversaries are often most dangerous in their dying moments, Bush and his team seemed to have perfect pitch.”
Moreover, it pays to recall that Bush had already orchestrated a bloodless end to America’s longest war—the Cold War—and paved the way for Europe’s reunification.
By 1990, even Moscow wanted America to stay in Europe in order to promote stability: “It is important for the future of Europe,” Gorbachev astonishingly told Bush, “that you are in Europe. We don’t want to see you out of there.”
But by December 26, 1991, the USSR had ceased to exist, and Gorbachev was out of a job. A year later, so was Bush.
Bush had been a congressman, ambassador to the UN, envoy to China, CIA director and vice president. In other words, he knew the world. An anecdote in A World Transformed captures this well: During the Malta Summit, as Gorbachev introduced his delegation, it dawned on Bush that he had met everyone in the summit room.
Owing to his experience, Bush knew what diplomacy could—and couldn’t—do. He recognized thatdiplomacy had to have a purpose. Photo-op summits may make a president look good, but they do America no good. As Scowcroft explained, Bush understood that rogue regimes and other outliers used “cosmetic summits” as propaganda tools. What was true in the 1980s and 1990s remains true today.
The 44th president should learn from the 41st that the UN is most effective when it legitimizes US efforts—not when it constrains or shapes them. As Robert Kaplan has observed, “the UN has always been most credible when it was an accomplice of US foreign-policy goals.”
The elder Bush allowed Europe and the UN to botch the early phases of Bosnia, though he did act in Panama without UN authorization—and rightly so. His successor and his son did likewise from time to time. Odds are the next president will have to bypass the UN as well.
The good news is that the next president will have a host of pro-US governments to partner with—Britain, Germany, Italy and even France; the Czech Republic and Ukraine; Canada, Mexico and Colombia; Japan, South Korea and India; and yes, Iraq and Afghanistan. Plus, media mantras notwithstanding, a larger portion of the world is open to US policies and principles today than it was when the elder Bush took office—if for no other reason than this: there is no Soviet Union bankrolling America’s enemies today. And for that, the elder Bush deserves some of the credit.
Bush was an internationalist and a realist. His political opponents used both against him throughout 1992. Yet for all his realpolitik after Tiananmen and Vilnius, for all his rhetoric about pax universalis, Bush was idealistic enough to believe that the US is not just another country between Albania and Zimbabwe on the UN roster. He knew that the US must lead.
With another August crisis upon us, it’s a safe bet that the younger Bush has talked with the elder about the war in Georgia. Russia’s thrust into Georgia is far more politically complex than Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait. Even so, Washington must send a strong signal to Moscow that actions have consequences. From bolting the CFE Treaty, to bullying Poland, the Czech Republic and Estonia, to battering Georgia, Russia’s actions have grown increasingly bellicose.
Lawmakers appear to be a year away from establishing a comprehensive telemedicine policy that would boost health care access in regions of the state with physician shortages, particularly rural areas.
But that plan is not quick enough for some who have introduced legislation that would make Maryland the 12th state to require medical insurers to pay doctors who see patients from afar via telecommunications the same way traditional, face-to-face care is reimbursed.
Questions surrounding the delivery of telemedicine, its costs and appropriate coverage levels have most legislators awaiting the findings of a state task force established in June by the Maryland Health Quality and Cost Council.
After initially examining how telemedicine could improve acute stroke care, the Maryland Telemedicine Task Force is set to research its applications in other specialties, including neurology, cardiology and psychiatry. Recommendations are due by year's end.
"In other parts of the country, telemedicine has become a community standard of care," Dr. Barney Stern, a neurology professor at the University of Maryland Medical School and co-chair of the task force, said during a Feb. 23 Senate Finance Committee hearing.
A 2008 study sponsored by the Maryland Hospital Association and Maryland State Medical Society found critical shortages of primary care doctors and most medical specialists in southern and western Maryland and on the Eastern Shore.
Student loan forgiveness and repayment programs have been developed to help attract recent medical graduates to rural regions, but many believe any solution needs to incorporate telemedicine, which uses technology to link patients with doctors  similar to teleconferencing in the corporate world. Psychiatric patients can confer with their therapist through video monitors, while critical-care specialists can monitor patients and their vital signs with cameras and data feeds.
"It's one of those tools in the toolbox that we're going to need in order to address the shortage," said state Sen. Thomas M. Middleton (D-Dist. 28) of Waldorf, who chaired a 2008 task force that examined physician shortages in rural areas. "As far as putting rates in place right now, even the advocates agree that it's probably a little bit premature, that you need to do the study in advance."
A survey of in-state telemedicine programs last year revealed that almost all are being funded by grants and that insurance reimbursement is the key obstacle blocking statewide expansion of the technology, said Michelle Clark, executive director of the Maryland Rural Health Association.
"Without telemedicine you're never going to connect patients to the specialists they need in rural Maryland," she said.
At Calvert Memorial Hospital in Prince Frederick, which recently completed its first year in a six-hospital telemedicine program, intensive care unit mortality was down 60 percent in 2010, while the average length of stay declined 37 percent and the rate of transfers to a tertiary care center fell 11 percent, hospital CEO Jim Xinis told the Finance Committee.
Del. Michael D. Smigiel Sr. (R-Dist. 36) of Elkton sponsored bills that would require insurers to cover telemedicine and to create a task force to study its use in medically underserved areas, but both received unfavorable reports from the House Health and Government Operations Committee.
Smigiel said he "got no bad vibes" from the committee and was assured the General Assembly would reconsider reimbursement next session after the task force completes its work, but he still believes telemedicine "is ready for prime time."
"I don't have patience and, unfortunately, in government everybody wants to have a committee and have a talk and have a summer study, and I'd rather move forward," he added.
State Sen. E.J. Pipkin (R-Dist. 36) of Stevensville cross-filed Smigiel's bills, but they will likely be re-examined during the 2012 session.
CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield lobbyist Deborah Rivkin testified at the Feb. 23 hearing in support of Pipkin's bills and another sponsored by state Sen. Catherine E. Pugh (D-Dist. 40) of Baltimore city requiring reimbursement. Rivkin said the insurer, the largest in Maryland, favors a telemedicine policy similar to Virginia's, which began last April and covers "interactive audio, video or other electronic media used for the purpose of diagnosis, consultation or treatment" but excludes telephone conversations, e-mails and faxes.
"We support taking a look at the issue now and not moving too fast, but putting a timeline in place and determining what works best for Maryland," said Kimberly Robinson, executive director of the League of Life and Health Insurers of Maryland.
It's okay to be me.I'm mine at all.There so any power of the earth who can change me,except myself.Otherwise I probably couldn't be myself.I am who I am,you can like me or not,like I give a shit about that.One day I could be a hard metal lover,and next day daddy's little sweetheart.And you now why?Because it is me.If you may not like it,fuck off.But don't jugde if you don't know really me,just because of my past.
Legian is a part of golden chain, Kuta-Legian-Seminyak. It offers so many attractions, bars, shopping areas, and obviously internationally-acclaimed restaurants...
Bali Mulia Villas compressing of 4 units with 2 bedrooms and 4 units with 3 bedrooms. Private swimming pool in each villa. It's only 20 minutes drive from Bali International Airport and 5 minutes to Kuta shopping area
Each villa is fully equipped with a living room and dining room. Enjoy the relaxing place and fine services. Come for a pleasant holiday. Ideal for couples and families
Please be informed that Bali island celebrates Nyepi (Silent) Day each year on below dates. The Nyepi (Silent) Day is a day of absolute silence throughout the island. No outdoor activities are allowed including check in and check out from hotels.March 12, 2013 | March 31, 2014 | March 21, 2015 | March 9, 2016 | March 28, 2017. For more information about events in Bali, visit http://blog.baliwww.com and http://baliwww.com/event/
The three bedrooms villa is a contemporary unity of east esthetics with striking pieces of local design art of furnishing against a structural backdrop of indigenous materials. A semi-open living area captures the mood and sensual warmth of the tropics, while both bedrooms air-conditioned for rest and personal comfort.
Designed exclusively for privacy, the two bedroom villa is the ultimate retreat for couples, honeymooners or event family travelers. A combined living/dining environment, with sleek furnishing and individual artworks, encompass the pool and its sundeck. The fully air-conditioned bedroom, decorated with understated elegance, enhances the peaceful and enjoys to just unwinding.
Our spa afford you the luxury of taking the time to immerse yourself in a totally satisfying experience that will relax your body, soothe your soul and revitalize your senses with their spa package or ala carte treatment all from selected natural ingredients. All spa treatment will be arranged in the privacy of guest�s villa. Open from 10 am until 10 pm. Appointment for reservation should be made 2 hours before the treatment time.
Kuta Lagoon Resort is a heaven of tropical tranquility located in the Legian - Kuta area. Kuta Lagoon..
White Rose Hotel as 4 star property at the central of touristic destination, Kuta-Legian which offers..
The Magani Hotel & Spa is located on Melasti Street in Legian area, close to various lifestyle shops..
Arca Bungalow is located in strategic Legian Area close to various shopping, dining and entertainment..
i'm new to this whole putting an ad on here. but lets start off i'm 5'4, friendly. i like to be outside alot. i'm more of a texter when i get to know someone.i can be shy at first but once i get to know you then i bust out of my shell.
hi, my name is katrin. I m avaliable in prague and europe for some discreet pleasure with some polite, funny and friendly gentleman over 35 years. . I love music, dance, soft conversation and champagne.. Is there anyone out there that just wants to be in a relationship and not just see what they can get out of you lol I'm not broke and don't date women who are broke and not interested in long distance relationships so if your just interested in what you can get out of me keep moving on I'm sure there's plenty of suckers out there I'm not one so please don't wast my time. Looking for someone easy going, respectful, and likes having fun.
Hello ladies. I am a black man looking to go to the adult bookstore on 290 today. Would you like to come with me? I've walk in once, but felt uncomfortable being alone. Anyway, let's talk about when we can meet up and have a good time. I do have pics to trade. I don't discriminate at all. I love women of all shapes, sizes, and colors. Talk to you soon.. I am searching sexual partners.
oneway or round trip from Darwin, Cairns, Broome, Brisbane, Sydney, Alice Springs, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth.
Driving Capacity: 5 adults travelling for 5 people. The PFMR comes complete with roof rack, vehicle snorkel and long-range fuel tanks.This versatile vehicle is ideal for daily touring. Please note recommended to travel with minimum soft luggage as there is minimal luggage capacity available. Luggage capacity: 3 medium suitcases. 12V� 25 litres. Fridge performance may be affected in extreme temperatures.
This is a Amarok or Toyato Landcruiser 76 series or similar. Vehicles cannot be chosen by make or model.
Supplier + Locations Britz -Alice Springs and Darwin in Northern Territory, Perth and Broome in Western Australia, Adelaide in South Australia, Cairns and Brisbane in Queensland, Sydney in New South Wales, Melbourne in Victoria.
From 01.04.2011 inlcuded: This handy kit contains: Emergency Position Indicating Beacon (EPIRB) � when activated the beacon transmits an emergency distress signal, which can be detected by Australian rescue authorities. Snatch Strap � used to pull a vehicle from a bogged position (with the aid of another vehicle), in conjunction with the D-Shackles Bow Shackles � secure the snatch strap to a rigid anchor point Outback folding spade.
Approximately 12 litres per 100 km. This may vary subject to the use of air-conditioning, temperature and terrain.
Spare Tyre One spare tyre is located under rear of the vehicle. (Option of 2nd spare tyre not available)
Air-conditioning/Heating This vehicle has air-conditioning and heating in the drivers cabin, which only operates when the engine is running.
Exterior Access Back door. Ensure this is secure when driving. Do not slam the door just close firmly.
� Vehicles can not be selected by make or model. We can request a particular vehicle but absolutlety no guarantees due to movemnet of fleet.
Licence - A current and full Australian or New Zealand motor vehicle drivers licence is required and must be produced upon vehicle collection. Should a foreign licence be in a language other then English it must be accompanied by a current international driving permit issued in the same country as the drivers licence was issued. An accredited English translation will be accepted in lieu of an international driving permit.
4WD campervans and cars can be driven on sealed/bitumen roads and recognised unsealed roads with the following exceptions: 4WD vehicles may only travel to the following areas with the written permission of Britz (please contact the local branch for further information): Simpson Desert, Strzelecki Track, Gunbarrel Highway, Cape York, the Bungle Bungles, Oodnadatta Track, Birdsville Track, Tanami Track, the Plenty Highway, Gibb River Road, Burke Development Road from Chillagoe to Normanton and Savannah Way from Normanton to Borroloola, Fraser Island*, Finke Road (between Alice Springs and Oodnadatta), Central Arnhem Road and Arnhem Land in general.
Vehicles are NOT permitted to travel on the Canning Stock Route, the Lost City in Litchfield Park, the Old Gunbarrel Hwy, the old Telegraph section of the road to Cape York, Boggy Hole (Finke Gorge National Park) and the Old South Road from Maryvale to Finke, at any time.
Vehicles are NOT permitted to travel to Cape York between the months of December to May. At all other times permission is required. The old Telegraph section of the road to Cape York is prohibited at all times however the bypass is permissible providing permission provided.
* The Britz Safari 4WD is not permitted to travel to Fraser Island where any objects are being stored on the roof of the vehicle. This requirement is legislated and fines, enforced by local authorities are applicable. Britz reserves the right at its sole discretion to restrict vehicle movements in certain areas due to adverse road or weather conditions, and the distance to nominated destinations in relation to the length of the hire period.
Britz reserves the right at its sole discretion to restrict vehicle movements in certain areas due to adverse road or weather conditions, and the distance to nominated destinations in relation to the length of the hire period.
Actual vehicles may vary according to year of manufacture and availability but your vehicle will be suitable for the required number of persons and have similar specifications to those listed. Specific vehicle layouts or models/makes cannot be requested. All measurements are approximate, not guaranteed and specs may change any time without prior notice
These details are indicative of the vehicle that will be supplied under your booking. Actual vehicles may vary according to year of manufacture and availability but your vehicle will be suitable for the required number of persons and have equivalent or better specifications to those listed in this website.
www.australia4wdrentals.com, www.australia4wheeldriverentals.com, www.australia4tours.com, are based in Darwin Northern Territory and is proudly Australian owned, Australian licensed and locally operated. Goholi-Australia 4 Wheel Drive Rentals Group - Australia is one of the Northern Territory's leading small group safari, sightseeing, charter, tour and selfdrive specialists it is a Darwin Northern Territory Travel Agent License. All rights reserved. Some images on our headers, and many photos on the web pages throughout this site are courtesy of the various state tourism government departments for the promotion of tourism in Australia.
There are several reasons why this could occur. First, Has your account been activated? (All accounts are approved by T.A.S.S™) have you recieved emails to confirm? Did you fail to post on the forum within the specified time emailed to you by T.A.S.S™? ensure your username and password are correct.
Registration will give you access to additional features not available to guests. It only takes a few moments to register so it is recommended you do so.
If you do not check the Log me in automatically box when you login, the forum will only keep you logged in for a preset time. This prevents misuse of your account by anyone else. To stay logged in, check the box during login. This is not recommended if you access from a shared computer, e.g. library, internet cafe, university computer lab, etc.
First, check your username and password. If they are correct, then read Why can’t I login above. APF™ requires new registrations to be checked & activated by T.A.S.S™, before you can logon; this information was present during registration. If you were sent an e-mail, follow the instructions. If you did not receive an e-mail, you may have provided an incorrect e-mail address or the e-mail may have been picked up by a spam filer. If you are sure the e-mail address you provided is correct, then contact us.
Attempt to locate the e-mail sent to you when you first registered, check your username and password and try again. It is possible as per our T&C your account has deactivated or deleted due to inactivity. If this has happened, try registering again and being more involved in discussions.
COPPA, or the Child Online Privacy and Protection Act of 1998, is a law in the United States requiring websites which can potentially collect information from minors under the age of 13 to have written parental consent or some other method of legal guardian acknowledgment, allowing the collection of personally identifiable information from a minor under the age of 13. If you are unsure if this applies to you as someone trying to register or to the website you are trying to register on, contact legal counsel for assistance.
It is possible your IP address, username or email address you are attempting to register with are not permitted. gmail.com is NOT permitted Contact us for assistance.
If you are a registered member, all your settings are stored in the forums database. To alter them, visit your User Control Panel; a link can be found at the top of forum index page. This system will allow you to change all your settings and preferences allowed in your group.
It is possible the time displayed is from a timezone different from the one you are in. If this is the case, visit your User Control Panel and change your timezone to match your particular area, e.g. Sydney, Perth, Brisbane, USA, UK, etc. Please note that changing the timezone, like most settings, can only be done by registered members. If you are not registered, this is a good time to do so.
Only registered members can send e-mail to other members via the built-in e-mail form and only if they have permission in their group.
To post a new topic in a forum, click the relevant button on either the forum or topic screens. You must be registered and approved before you can post a message.
If your current group level allows, you can edit a post by clicking the edit button for the relevant post, If someone has already replied to the post, you will find a small piece of text output below the post when you return to the topic which lists the number of times you edited it along with the date and time. This will only appear if someone has made a reply. Please note that normal members cannot delete a post once someone has replied.
When posting a new topic or editing the first post of a topic, click the “Poll creation” tab below the main posting form; if you cannot see this, you do not have permissions to create polls. Enter a title and at least two options in the appropriate fields, making sure each option is on a separate line in the textarea. You can also set the number of options users may select during voting under “Options per user”, a time limit in days for the poll (0 for infinite duration) and lastly the option to allow users to amend their votes.
As with posts, polls can only be edited by the original poster, a moderator or an administrator. To edit a poll, click to edit the first post in the topic; this always has the poll associated with it. If no one has cast a vote, members can delete the poll or edit any poll option. However, if members have already placed votes, only moderators or administrators can edit or delete it. This prevents the poll’s options from being changed mid-way through a poll.
Some forums are limited to certain groups, for example TW and GG. To view, read, post you need special permissions. Contact the relevant moderator to discuss access.
You should see a button for reporting posts next to the post you wish to report. Clicking this will walk you through the steps necessary to report the post.
This allows you to save passages to be completed and submitted at a later date. To reload a saved passage, visit your User Control Panel.
By clicking the “Bump topic” link when you are viewing it, you can “bump” the topic to the top of the forum on the first page. However, if you do not see this, then the time allowance between bumps has not yet been reached. It is also possible to bump the topic simply by replying to it, however, be sure to follow the board rules when doing so.
Smilies, or Emoticons, are small images which can be used to express a feeling using a short code, e.g. :) denotes happy, while :( denotes sad. The full list of emoticons can be seen in the posting form. Try not to overuse smilies or a moderator may edit them out or remove the post altogether.
Global announcements contain important information and you should always read them. They will appear at the top of every forum and within your User Control Panel.
Announcements contain important information for the forum you are currently reading and you should always read them. Announcements appear at the top of every page in the forum to which they are posted. As with global announcements.
Sticky topics within the forum appear below announcements and only on the first page. They are often quite important so you should always read them.
Locked topics are topics where members can no longer reply and any poll it contained was automatically ended. Topics may be locked for many or any reasons by moderators or admin.
Moderators are individuals who look after the forums from day to day. They have the authority to edit or delete posts and lock, unlock, move, delete and split topics in the forum they moderate. Generally, moderators are present to prevent users from going off-topic or posting abusive or offensive material.
You can view all groups via the “Usergroups” link within your User Control Panel, however ONLY newsletter is available to join. If you would like to join, proceed by clicking the appropriate button.
Your current group does not have permission to PM. ALL new members start on restricted access and over time and more so posts will move levels as deemed appropriate by our Automated Security System. As they move levels the privileges such as Private Messaging become available. this will be at the discretion of T.A.S.S™
You can block a member from sending you private messages by using message rules within your User Control Panel. If you are receiving abusive private messages from a particular member, inform admin IMMEDIATELY; we can prevent a member from sending private messages.
We are sorry to hear that. The e-mail form feature of this forum includes safeguards to try and track members who send such posts, so e-mail admin with a full copy of the e-mail you received. It is very important that this includes the headers that contain the details of the member that sent the e-mail.
You can use these lists to organise other members of the board. Members added to your friends list will be listed within your User Control Panel for quick access to see their online status and to send them private messages. Subject to template support, posts from these users may also be highlighted. If you add a member to your foes list, any posts they make will be hidden by default.
You can add members to your list in two ways. Within each members’s profile, there is a link to add them to either your Friend or Foe list. Alternatively, from your User Control Panel, you can directly add members by entering their member name. You may also remove members from your list using the same page.
IF your current group has permmision to search, Enter a search term in the search box located on the index, forum or topic pages. Advanced search can be accessed by clicking the “Advance Search” link which is available on all pages on the forum.
Your search was probably too vague and included many common terms. Be more specific and use the options available within Advanced search.
Bookmarking is much like bookmarking in your web browser. You aren’t alerted when there’s an update, but you can come back to the topic later. Subscribing, however, will notify you when there is an update to the topic or forums on the forum via your preferred method or methods.
This software (in its unmodified form) is produced, released and is copyright phpBB Group. It is made available under the GNU General Public License.
AP Group Techcorp in cojuntction with innovativephpbar. APF™ is a unique template with many unique features.
Explore Australia holidays and discover the best time and places to visit. | Australia is a wild and beautiful place, a land whose colour palette of red outback sands and Technicolor reefs frames sophisticated cities and soulful Indigenous stories.
A smidgen smaller than Singapore, Lake Taupo is a rather frightening volcanic caldera. If it blows, the world will sure know about it. The mountains of the Tongariro National Park provide the backdrop, while kayaking tours head to Mine Bay, where 10-metre tall Maori carvings have been painstakingly dug into the rockface. See lovetaupo.com
The views from Emerald Bay on Lake Tahoe are about as beautiful as it’s possible to get. An island perches in the middle of impossibly blue waters, while mountains soar up high either side. The second largest alpine lake in the world after Titicaca in Peru, Tahoe is a magnet for seekers of good times, whether skiers heading to the neighbouring Heavenly resort, gamblers flocking to the casinos on the Nevada side of the border, or fishermen happy to find a quiet spot and enjoy the day. See tahoesouth.com
A short day trip from Manila, there’s something very Russian dolls about Lake Taal. It’s a lake inside a large volcanic crater, but there’s also a volcano island in the middle of the lake. And that volcano also has a lake, with a little island inside said lake. It’s probably best to just enjoy the trip out there on the traditional fishing boat, then the climb up to the rim … See taalvolcano.org
Formed by glaciers, Lake Como has long been the favoured retreat of Europe’s wealthy and aristocratic. The spindly, Y-shaped arms give an almost fjord-like feel. Sailing, windsurfing and kite surfing are there for the more energetic, but it’s really all about holing up in a villa with magical views, and perhaps enjoying a few spa treatments. See lakecomo.is
Colourful houseboats dot the shores, the snow-topped Pir Panjal mountains rise behind, and plenty of Srinagar’s most appealing attractions surround it. These include the Shankaracharya Temple, which dates back to 250BC, and the Hari Parbat hill fort. The Mughals have left a strong mark here, especially in the form of primped, formal gardens such as Shalimar Bagh. See jktourism.org
Long Eastern Europe’s best kept secret, Ohrid is sandwiched in the mountains between Albania and Macedonia. The 87-kilometre shoreline is dotted with ever-so-pretty little churches, while boat trips head out to pebbly beaches and rocky sunbathing plateaus. The town of Ohrid itself is one of the cheapest places in Europe to eat and drink – you can basically feast like a king for a relative pittance. See exploringmacedonia.com
Guatemala’s tourism honeypot has photogenic volcanoes rising up alongside it – treks to the lava flows are available. But a major part of the attraction is the towns and villages surrounding it. Panajachel is a laid-back visitor hub full of craft stalls, Santiago Atitlan is notorious for the worship of chain-smoking bad boy god Maximon and Spanish language schools cluster in San Pedro. See visitguatemala.com
The Dead Sea is by no means the prettiest lake in the world, but it’s not necessarily the views you come for. Its shores are 430.5 metres below sea level – the lowest land elevation on the planet – and the water is astonishingly saline. It’s nearly 10 times saltier than the ocean – and that means it takes a really concerted effort to sink in it. Many visitors are content with floating on the surface, although there are plenty of spa hotels on both the Israeli and Jordanian sides promising to harness the lake’s supposed curative properties. See goisrael.com
Home to more species of fish than any other lake, Lake Malawi is formed by the African continental plate slowly pulling apart. It can be up to 700 metres deep at the northern end, while lodges and fishing villages spread out along the shoreline. The most spectacular stretches are arguably in the south, where the Lake Malawi National Park is found. For those not put off by the thought of hippos and crocodiles, kayaking is an option. Otherwise, there are plenty of golden beaches to laze on. See malawitourism.com
When Lake Eyre fills with water – and that generally only happens a couple of times per century – it effectively becomes a vast inland sea covering 9500 square kilometres. That’s when the wildlife flocks in. The rest of the time? It’s a vast, twinkling salt pan, best taken in from the air. See wrightsair.com.au
David Whitley has travelled as a guest of the New Zealand, California and Philippines tourism authorities.
Jo Hovind, antievolutionist Kent Hovind’s wife and co-defendant in a tax evasion case, was sentenced today to one year and one day in federal prison, to be followed by three years of supervision.
Various comments at the Pensacola News Journal express a wish that both Kent and Jo Hovind share the same sentence. That didn’t happen.
I don’t think that I’m in a good position to second-guess the judge’s decision in sentencing, but I think for myself that given what bit I know and if I were the judge, I would have handed down the same sentence as Kent Hovind got, then suspended it and given Jo the same period on probation, the remainder of the prison term to be served if she violated probation. My thinking behind that is that on the one hand, Jo Hovind was a willing accomplice in the crimes committed. She deserves the same length of sentence on that score. On the other hand, Jo Hovind, by the accounts I have heard, was likely following her husband’s criminal lead, and at least showed some signs of remorse for her actions, and likely not to violate the law again. That would argue for the suspended sentence with probation. It would make it somewhat more likely, also, the the restitution ordered by the court actually got paid.
But as I said, I don’t have all the facts, as the judge did, and I may have been misinformed about the remorse and apparent willingness to “straighten up and fly right” on Jo Hovind’s part.
Falconer. Interdisciplinary researcher: biology and computer science. Photographer. Husband. Christian. Activist.
I would have sent her ass inside for at least 8 years. If she were a black teen with a gun stealing a $100, she could face life in California.
Can one separate out the various elements there to get to analogy and disanalogy? I think that violent crime should be treated entirely more harshly than non-violent crime. I think that race should not be an issue considered for duration of sentences (but I know that our system is broken in that respect). I think that juveniles should be handled with greater care by the justice system (and that is broken, too). I think that the violent vs. non-violent crime thing is a far more important distinction than the dollar amount at issue in the crime. Even so, yes, a non-violent crime involving high dollar amounts should be treated as a severe insult to society, and punished accordingly. Jo Hovind, so far as I know, never showed up on anyone’s doorstep and tried to assault them, like Kent did. Like I said above, she did pretty much the same crimes as Kent (there are some differences in the number of charges between the two), so getting pretty much the same sentence seems like it would have been a better application of justice. Of course, given parole, if Jo had gotten the same sentence she’d likely be out again in a fraction of the time Kent is going to serve anyway. I’m just not sure where justice lies in this matter, and I may be a bit soft in my instinct on how to approach this. Does Jo Hovind deserve to spend a chunk of her life in prison? Sure. Is that the best thing to happen? Of that, I’m not sure.
And, I guess, you and I have different experiences. You’ve had a lot more contact with the justice system than I have (though I’ve had, in some senses, way more than enough to last me), and I do think that we can have different ideas about how things should have gone down for Jo Hovind.
Kent and Jo Hovind now join several hundred political prisoners now being held in United States prisons. The “rule of law” in this case is a sham, of course, because the IRS is a oppressive body which operates under no legal basis whatsoever. Sadly, too many Americans prefer to be ruled by, rather than the rulers of, our original Constitional form of government. You will reap what you sow, people.
If you are claiming to be correct in your belief and in the minority wrt other beliefs then you will most certainly recieve persecution.
I believe that the evolutionists are incorrect in their beliefs and in fact have yet to physically prove what they claim to be the origins of the Universe.
I am a spirit filled believer and believe that the bible is the divine word of God and that the world was created exactly as it says, in six days.
The bible speaks clearly of a wife having to submit under her husband and I believe if she was unaware that Kent was willfully evading the IRS then she stands clean before God on that account.
Lets not forget that infact Eve was decieved by the devil in the garden and Adam chose to be decieved so it is concievable that she might have been unaware and was in fact decieved and Kent may have chosen to be decieved by the Tax issue after many years of believing that he did not need to pay taxes as he was doing the work of God, and there is no doubt that he was and still most probably still is doing the will of God.
I do believe in the scripture where Jesus speaking to his disciples after having been asked if they should pay taxes answered them first asking whose head appears on the coins and then saying pay unto Caeser what is due to Caeser.
The law of the country one resides in is after all the law one must submit under and if he is in fact guilty of the charges against him when having been sentenced in 2006 then he should bear the consequences thereof.
I would like to point out that we are all sinners though and none of us can stand blemish free so people making judgements on Kent Hovinds ministry and his personal character and life should be very careful as the bible says people who plot and conspire and gossip over others are ensnaring themselves in a trap.
I am sick & tired of the bashing of Jo Hovind. None of you truly know the woman and you do not have access to what is inside her heart. Jo did what her husband told her to do. I know many people do not understand what the Bible says ‘that a woman should be subject to her husband in all things.” Jo did exactly what her husband Kent directed. Many of you cannot even fathom that in this day & age a freeborn, free-thinking woman would do only what her husband directed. Jo is a submissive woman. She did what Kent directed her to do. I’m not saying I would have obeyed him. I know I would not have obeyed but Jo did as she was told. We all will stand before our maker one day and be judged for our works. Jo
will be judged as well. Until then, he how is without any sin, let him cast the first stone. If any of you like to think of going to jail at 51 years of age and after 34 years of marriage Then get in line. Yes she chose but at strong directions from Kent.
I have two comments. First, I already noted exactly the point about following her husband’s lead as a mitigating factor. Second, I don’t think that “what is in her heart” has a thing to do with how the criminal justice system works, nor even how it should work. That way leads to the sorts of prejudice that are all too common in the way the system works currently, where “worthy” perpetrators may get off lightly by victimizing “unworthy” marks. We should at least aim for our legal system to protect all citizens equally, whether they are paragons of virtue or rather less appealing in their personal habits.
Hi. I have yet to see why both camps aren’t right. If we accept that God created the universe, he obviously created the “rules” we observe (e.g., gravity, thermodynamics, etc.).
To the non- or anti-evolutionists: Why do you think God wanted things to stay static (species wise) when most other things he created are dynamic (stars are “born” and “die,” populations shrink and swell, etc.)? Why would animals not evolve as the universe continues to do?
To the evolutionists: Why do you think God didn’t create the universe? Because we define a “proof,” does not mean that the God didn’t create actions the proof explains.
There may be no “wrong” or “right” here–just wrong or right for you. Truth, whatever it may be, is truth, and God certainly isn’t trying to hide it.
Kent hovind and his wife did nothing wrong to deserve this treatment whatsoever. According to the first ammendment they have that right. If they did not want to make their church to bow before the govt. then whats the problem? Gods authority is higher than the governments. They want control over the people especially Gods people. WE have a right to believe what we choose to believe, and Gods Church is Gods church, its not a business to be made into govt. property or owned or make the govt authority over God. God is the highest authority and there is no greater or higher authority than his. If you want to continue making fake judgments on ppl you dont even know then so be it, but you will give an answer to everything you say especially against Gods people. God will win this one and no govt or God haters or even the devil, will stop that! What you reap you sow. Its easy to say and be judgmental when you are not the one thats facing the time. Yet criminals, liars, get away with murder but kent hovind goes to jail because he stood for whats right, that makes sense? Maybe your for evolution but others have the right to not believe in evolution, they shouldnt be condemned for it. Just remember treat others the way you would want to be treated. If you show no mercy you shall not receive any, and I pray thats not so. May God open your eyes.
Kent and Jo Hovind tried to weasel out of paying their fair share toward the communities that they benefit from. That’s not right. There’s even scripture from Jesus that paying your taxes is what you do, while you also give God what God is due. Nope, I can’t see that the acquisitiveness of the Hovinds equates to any sort of morality that can be assigned a positive value. If you think that cheating your neighbors is a moral value to cling to, I think that you have a bigger problem than you realize: you’ve mistaken evil for good.
kent hovind did not owe any tax to the private irs. there is no law requiring anyone to to pay any tax. Churches are tax exempt and so are the people that work for the church. atheist worshipers of evolution lie spout hate and don’t know the truth that there is no law that requires anyone to pay an income tax. if you have pay a tax than you are a slave.
I guess the 16th amendment and laws starting with the Revenue Act of 1913 just don’t count, somehow.
the 16th aMENDMENT gave the government no new taxing powers according to the supreme court. all governments are fictiions. go listen to marc stevens podcasts and read his books.
The objective of imitation skills is for your child to be able to independently mimic/repeat any motion presented to him.
L Shaped 8 jet 1670mm x 850mm left handed shower bath with shower screen and front bath panel. The shower bath comes with an 8 jet whirlpool system with 6 side jets and 2 foot jets. Width: 700mm (850mm at the widest point). Overall bath thickness is approximately 5mm. Manufactured from High Quality Acrylic. Fully reinforced with fibreglass and encapsulated baseboard. 8 Jet Whirlpool System includes 6 side jets and 2 foot jets. Optimum draindown for hygiene purposes. Whirlpool Pump and Pipework included. Whirlpool manufactured in the UK to British Standards ISO 9000 Quality Assured. Powered by existing 13 amp ring main supply. Includes Optional 6mm toughened fixed or hinged glass shower screen with towel rail.
Shower screen wall adjustment of up to 25mm. Excludes taps waste and shower. Suitable for tap hole drilling by your installer, bath comes as standard without tap holes. Comes complete with leg set supports for ease of installation. Please Note: Images are for illustrative purposes only to demonstrate likely jet positions.
Actual jet filter and control position may vary. Suitable for tap hole drilling by your installer, comes as standard without tap holes. Bathroom Waste Pop Up ; Push Button Slotted Waste ; Brass Chrome Plug.
Shower Kit Adjustable Riser Slide Rail Bar Kit Hose Bracket Round Head Chrome. 1700 x 700 Straight Single Ended Bath White Acrylic Modern Whirlpool Upgrade. Whirlpool luxury bath with 11 jet whirlpool colour Changing light bathroom 1800. 1670 x 700 Deep Single Ended Hydrotherapy Whirlpool Bath With 12 Airspar Jets. Whirlpool Hydrotherapy Luxury Bath 11 Jet 12 Airspa Inset Round. Well deliver your goods straight to your home and place them carefully in a ground floor room of your choice. We are unable to dispatch orders without a valid contact number. Please provide us with a mobile number as we will update you on the status of your order. Wherever possible, we will deliver your order with our Own Van Service. The sooner you can let us know of any problems, the sooner we can resolve them for you. To organise a return, you must first get authorisation from our customer service team. If you do not provide this information, we will not know who you are and will unfortunately be unable to help. Please Note: These conditions do not affect your statutory rights relating to faulty or incorrectly described goods.
Marking down items in sale, across our large portfolio of products means a desirable bathroom at low-cost. A continuous conveyor belt of the latest, on trend bathroom products pass through our Outlet Store at discount prices; as well as current trend, some of our most popular classic ranges too.
Our portfolio covers modern baths, showers, suites, toilets, furniture, basins, taps and more, offering a choice of various styles and sizes to suit your interior home. Designing your contemporary home does not just end with bathrooms; we boast a stunning catalog of the latest on trend Heating, Tiles and Lighting at mark down prices. Be sure not to miss out on discounts and build part of your dream home at an affordable price with Bathrooms2Buy. We also have a dedicated customer service team on hand to answer any queries you may have about a specific product or advice and suggestions on the best products for you. Bathrooms2Buy deliver nationwide to England, Wales and Scotland; we even deliver to Ireland!
We have two 100,000+ square foot warehouses! With these HUGE stocks we can ensure that all orders can be processed and dispatched promptly. Please Note that we provide product dimensions as approximate and this should be used for guidance only. The item "L-Shaped Square Shower Bath Left Hand 1700 with 8 Jet Whirlpool and Pump Pro" is in sale since Friday, September 21, 2018. This item is in the category "Home, Furniture & DIY\Bath\Whirlpool/Spa Baths".
Serious investors should think about that commodities should make up a specific part of their investment portfolio in commodities.Gold is additionally the most effective commodity to invest in. If it's set aside in the future or maybe you seek profits from the short-term, this article may help, regardless of.Stay with reputable buyers when selling
This process can in fact be simple when you could have first thought. This post will give superb advice you should avoid issues when selecting your personal computer.Browse around for users who give out desktop computers away. Many individuals plan to invest in a laptops and laptop today so they'll be removing their desktops for cheaper prices. Pri
I could experience myself perspiring a bit. This was a thing I merely never regarded as being forced to speak about with my daughter. It didn't aid that I could see the shape of her nipples beneath that properly-worn previous shirt. “Well, they use their fingers and rub within the vaginal opening,” I answered.Each and every bottle is powder coa
In case you are hunting for Specialized Jacket, you have definitely come to the ideal place. Generally there are undoubtedly a number of places to go shopping from online, though you have indeed picked our web page and we value it considerably.
Our team locate our items directly from each of the major shops on the net to bring you the most extensive choice of Specialized Jacket and similar extras at the very best prices possible.
Usually, you will certainly witness many of our items are generally from eBay. We find that with respect to the money, it's difficult to beat the price points provided on eBay. You will definitely uncover the most reliable deals plus the greatest selection.
So have a look around our website and I am sure you will likely spot things that you are seeking in the shortest time possible. If you do not find a product that excites you immediately, you can always make use of our web site search. Merely enter a short detail of the item inside the search box and we will look through 1000s of products in our data store. We are certain to find exactly what you are seeking and more!
As I mentioned yesterday, I like when people pay attention to my blog. And when it comes to attention, there's nobody who pays more of it to my blog than the Opinionated Cyclist. Beloved by some, reviled by others, and ignored by all but a few, the OC is in a constant state of evolution. Having re-invented himself as a lip-sync act, he's no longer especially opinionated, nor does he really discuss cycling anymore. In that sense, he's outgrown his moniker, much in the way bands like Sonic Youth and Metallica have. (Sonic Youth haven't been "youthful" since the 80s, and Metallica haven't been "metal" since before Glenn Danzig autographed my ticket stub.) But this only makes the OC more compelling and enigmatic, as I'm sure you'll agree should you choose to watch this video, in which he performs Poison's "Unskinny Bop:"
It's worth pointing out that the OC's lack of celebrity is merely an accident of context and geography. If he were to relocate to Williamsburg, Brooklyn he'd become famous almost overnight. After all, he's slight of build, he makes lo-fi movies of himself, he rides an old crappy 10-speed, and he's obsessed with the worst cultural detritus of the 1980s. These are qualities that are highly prized among the hipsterim, and I have no doubt that he'd be hosting a monthly film festival, fronting a Britny Fox cover band, and on the cover New York Magazine within six months of signing the lease on his apartment in Bushwick East Williamsburg.
Moving on, I have some good news and some bad news with regard to The Great BSNYC/RTMS Fyxomatosis Photo Parody Contest (presented by the Gourmet Cheese of the Month Club). The bad news is that the Gourmet Cheese of the Month Club has withdrawn its support as a fictional presenting sponsor. As such, I've been forced to begin the hunt for new pretend support, and am currently in make-believe talks with Boston Whaler Boats--The Unsinkable Legend.
The good news is that the winner of The Great BSNYC/RTMS Fyxomatosis Photo Parody Contest (tentatively and fictionally presented by Boston Whaler Boats--The Unsinkable Legend) may receive yet another prize. That's right, in addition to:
Yep you read that right. (Or, if you can't read, whoever's reading this out loud to you read right.) The very bounty that Fyxomatosis put on my head can now be yours for parodying them! I don't know how it happened, but somehow this contest has collapsed under the weight of its own irony. All I do know is that Andy of Fyxomatosis is indeed serious. (He must like attention too.) I also know that the chainring is available in 130 and 144bcd (but not 135bcd, despite saying "brev" on it like a Campy ring does), that Andy is offering it completely of his own volition, and that it is perhaps the finest website-themed chainring money can buy--at least until I "drop" my own BSNYC/RTMS chainring, the "Vadrivetrain Dentata." (Ultra-rare 132bcd size only, choice of "raw" or "shaven" finish.)
At any rate, not only is this contest collapsing under the weight of its own irony, but I'm also collapsing under the stress of running a contest. (Frankly, I don't know how Fat Cyclist does it. And his contests are sincere to boot!) As such, I'm going to set a firm date for the contest's conclusion, and that date is very soon-ish. In the meantime, here are some more entries, which continue to come in from around the world:
This photo comes from none other than esteemed commenter Leroy, and is one in a touching series featuring a somewhat naive, Billy Mumphry-esque trainer making its way around New York City. Here we find it in Times Square. It's become very fashionable to speak negatively of the new Times Square, which since the Giuliani days has become "Disneyfied." Personally, I don't understand this. The only thing New York City lost when Times Square got cleaned up was yet another place to masturbate publicly, and there are still plenty of crappy areas in the five boroughs--trust me on that one. Then again, the old Times Square would have made an ideal backdrop for this photo, since it would have been easy to imagine the trainer getting pick-pocketed, or hustled by a con man, or being forced to spend the night in an X-rated movie theater due to lack of funds. Maybe the trainer would even be forced to turn tricks. I can see it taking a few bucks from a desperate roadie for some quick intervals in an alleyway or something. (In that case, the roadie would be more of a "Fred" than a "John.")
Speaking of hustling, here's another compelling shot from another reader. Note the secure locking job. This one's also part of a series:
Moving from hams to gams, this photo is part of yet another sultry series called "Training to be a Fyxo Model:"
"Fresh Hot Cakes" indeed. Wisely, our model is training on a cyclocross bike before moving on to a track bike. Not only is this a smart bike choice for foul weather (it is winter after all), but the chainline shot is also a crucial one in track bike porn so it's a good idea to practice staring down one on a geared bike first. That way, you can vary the chainline to find your sexiest angle.
However, when it comes to perversity, it doesn't get much more perverse than using a Chris King headset on a scooter:
This photo, forwarded by a reader, isn't even a submission for the Fyxomatosis contest, but if it were it would certainly be a contender for the grand prize. Certainly it's not uncommon to see bicycles on which one component is worth more than the rest of the bike. However, this is something else entirely. I'd actually like a wider shot of the room; I'm guessing he may also be using a King headset for his threadless doorknob setup.
I'm not sure what's going on here, but it appears to be some sort of amphibious 70s porno sex recumbent. I think this may have been a "collabo" between PPV and Boston Whaler. I'm not sure what's under that fairing, but I'm guessing it's not wearing pants.
Last time I watched an OC video at home (just a rant, no singing, dancing or air drums)my 3-year-old daughter was looking on. After watching for about 30 seconds, she blurted out "Daddy, I HATE that guy. I wanna watch Hello Kitty".
I thought I was in the money with a top ten only to be overtaken by a fast charging pack. This winter pass-time eerily mimics my racing career...
All is clear and the illuminati facade dissolves like the jarring twist at the end of an M Night Shamalyan movie.
Agreed...in the right hipster neighborhood the OC would quickly become a celebrity and finally get the "fans" he has been longing for. Wesley Willis, Daniel Johnston, and Mikey Wild come to mind. I guess the OC just needs the right "handlers". Any volunteers?
What a great vehicle. I'm thinking of trading in my 1966 ford falcon for that hot trike and then going out to find the ladies.
Hurry up with those submissions! At some point soon, bikesnob is going to announce the date on which he will tell us when the contest will conclude.
Ewwww, no pantalones. maybe there is a little bit of old Times Square left in that 'bent. I never liked Boston Whalers. Too much Fofonv
I saw my first tall-bike in Tulsa, OK. It was a large black monstrosity beckoning the inclusion of central/mid-west style in the cycling milieu.
i saw the OC screen with POISON on it and was really hoping he was singing along with Bel Biv Devoe. DISAPPOINTED!
Is the girl training on the crossbike wearing a cheerleader's outfit? With flowers in her lap? Seems to be several fantasies coming together here...
Yes, yes they do. Just like they hand out "How To Be Bland" pamphlets to all Midwesterners (I used to be one too).
...'i saw the OC screen with POISON on it and was really hoping he'-'d taken some....'DISAPPOINTED!' 'cuz i woulda watched that...
that was running neck and neck with singing along with Bel Biv Devoe in my book, wasn't sure which i wanted more.
That PPV was awesome, it was an acronym for the Playboy Porking Vehicle. The device was created at the height of the oil crisis in the 70s, when the prospect of public sex in a car was just too expensive, and gas lineups were a major turn off.
Coupled with Mr. Microphone, one could cruise for easy sex with skanks without fear of running out of gas.
"....Just like they hand out "How To Be Bland" pamphlets to all Midwesterners (I used to be one too).
It's become very fashionable to speak negatively of the new Times Square, which since the Giuliani days has become "Disneyfied."
Yeah, I miss the days where you could go to Times Square, catch a porno, get raped as you left the theater then get mugged and murdered as you tried to stagger away to the Hospital, while a couple demoralized, lackadaisical cops hung out smoking weed, chatting with hookers and taking action on exactly when you'd finish bleeding out. The new Times Square is so... clean and inauthentic.
Is there some (ironic?) reason for that CX bike to have a double crank but no front derailleur? Is it a deliberate attempt to collapse under the combined ironic weight of V-brakes, rotorless centerlock splines and lumpy bar tape?
sprocket boy, don't read into the outfit of the hipster cross girl too much. I think she's wearing a generic fanciful hipster costume, typically unthematic, without coherent motifs, pure caprice and nothing more, yet oddly enough, highly selfconscious.
Hey BS, are you trying to lull unsuspecting readers into thinking they have an extra day to bone up for the inevitable Friday fun Quiz? The BLOG date suggests that today is Wednesday today... not a big deal, but I almost put on the wrong smock.
The Times Square shots were obviously an homage to Midnight Cowboy Joe Buck, demonstrating that NYC is still the film noir cross roads of the world.
..."ya know, people, as yer new governor, people, i'd just like to say, people, that it's an honor representing you people, people"...
...nah...doesn't have the "literary denouement" of the over repetitive "bikesnob, bikesnob, bikesnob"...
bike snob you're a genius comedic writer, but why don't you sell a bike snob t shirt for me to rock all day every day??
Also I look after three of those Outrage Boston Whaler bastards. I must have something in the boatsheds to put up for a prize Snobie.
You got the general idea right, but she's not wearing caprice, which are those warm-weather calf-length pants.
Is it ironic that Anonymous@2:19 PM misjudges samh's valid application of the term ironic while in the same breath properly criticizes Alanis Morrisette's misapplication of the term? Or is is just confusion?
Taking its name from the Greek eironeia (dissimulation), irony consists of purporting a meaning of an utterance or a situation that is different, often opposite, to the literal one.
Irony is a state of affairs or an event that seems deliberately contrary to what one expects and is often amusing as a result.
irony 2. fig. A condition of affairs or events of a character opposite to what was, or might naturally be, expected; a contradictory outcome of events as if in mockery of the promise and fitness of things.
no, to enter your own contest is not ironic, perhaps if he won his own chainring by winning snob's contest, but merely entering your own contest has absolutely nothing to do with irony
So since the intention of entering a contest is to win it, losing is ironic. So most racers here are ironic riders, but folks who just get out to spin their wheels and have some fun are not, unless they have a non-fun bike experience.
It would be unexpected, and consequently a little amusing, if the Fyxomatosis guy entered a contest mocking his own contest.
unexpected does not equal ironic, missing a comic/absurdist element. george bush making a good decision is not ironic, and neither is rain on your wedding day or entering a contest people don't expect you to.
Silly, irony is what a triathlete gets after doing an ironman, followed by the ironfoot. But the ironbutt comes first.
The twist here is that the Fyxo guy would be joining in on something that was originally meant to make fun of him. Good enough for me.
first of all, winning wasn't specified when i said it was not ironic. submitting one of their own photos still strikes me as unironic, they are both bike-related sites after all....
I think the london langster that was not locked very well is its own security device. I mean think about it, you saw it locked like that, stood there long enough to take a picture of it, then walked away with out taking it right? London edition langster, the unstealable bike!
besides, it is in the later stages of hipster cysts anyway. probably has about a month of riding left in it.
bk jimmy, "You got the general idea right, but she's not wearing caprice, which are those warm-weather calf-length pants."
Those warm-weather pants are "capris". Unless you meant "caprice" in an irreverent, unintentional ironic way.
Irony? I just saw a TV commercial for the new Cadillac Escalade Hybrid. Rub-your-nose-in-it size and luxury combined with excellent fuel economy. Brilliant! Saving the planet, one Escalade at a time.
I'm voting for the up-saddle pic to win the contest, hands (or hand-lebars) down. Oh man, I made a pun, I've been waiting for weeks to use that line!
How about sweetening the pot with a Rapha Bonk Bag. The cravat is so yesterday. It's all about being hip isn't it?
While I agree with all your points individually, you have misunderstood the source of irony in the hypothetical scenario wherein Fixomytosis enters Snob's contest. As you correctly point out, it is not ironic because it is unexpected. Rather, it is ironic because Snob's contest mocks the Fixomytosis aesthetic. Hence, if Fixomytosis were to submit its usual pictorial fare as an entry into the contest, it would not only be unexpected, but also absurd and incongruous, with a dash of cheekiness thrown in as well. That is to say 'ironic.'
Liked the OC more during his Kenny Rogers phase, more genuine, more heart felt, more soul and he really nailed the sentiment. But I think he needs his equivalent of Dolly Parton to complete him... I'd pay to watch that duo
Definitely an ironic contest, but I'm beginning to think that the OC is the BSNYC (Used to think it might be the Fat Cyclist, but I met him [well, now that I think about it, I think I met him...])?
it is not absurd at all to enter (knowingly) a contest that mocks you. i think we all learned in middle school that the ability to laugh at yourself is the way to not get your ass kicked.
Is it just me, or when the Fyxamatosis comp got "dropped", wasn´t rhe Rapha cravat the major prize, with the pie-plate just the cherry on top?
...sprider...i look at that foto now & think "wow...i was 'bikesgonewild' 35 years before there was a need for 'bikesgonewild' "...
...either unintentionally prescient or the cosmos is pulling my leg...as we said back in the early ' 70's "it's like karma, man...far out !!!"...
Trawler, sweetie, speaking of 80's jetsam and flotsam, I would love to be the Tawny to your David. 'Cept it might take me a minute to crawl up on the hood of your truck in a pair of stilettos.
You can substitute cucumbers (the really long English hothouse ones), and still have room for alcohol wipes, lubricant, and absorbent cloth or small packet of baby wipes, and there's an internal pocket for a copy of Mayfair or Zipper or perhaps a sploshing special issue (or A4 pads).
The Bonk Bag has a condom pocket and silicone bananas (as shown) and is padded, and has a zippered outer pocket for Rohypnol and Viagra/Cialis.
What the HELL is up with that Opinionated Cyclist? Dude, (Bike Snob that is)... I think he's OBSESSED with you. I *tried* to watch that "Unskinny Bop" video, and it's like he has to mention your name 2-3 times in a sentence!! That is flat out scary!!
Did you hear about the obsessed fan of Paula Abdul who killed herself recently? This dude sounds exactly like that... OBSESSED with you, and if your identity ever gets exposed, he's gonna be showing up at your doorstep everyday. I hope you're familiar with filing restraining orders, cuz this dude is gonna be all ABOUT THAT.
Hey OP... don't wait until Bike Snob's identity gets exposed and then kill yourself on his doorstep. Just go ahead and do it now, cuz you are a damn FREAK. Get your own life, and leave Bike Snob alone. Jackass.
what's sadder - being an oblivious retard having a good time taking part some competition or being a normally functioning person who feels he has to make fun of the retards to make himself feel better/occupy his time.
antWerp, you're the only bumhead left defending your silly game - over and over. It's like you're waiting for someone to knock on your schtick, just so you can blab some teenage twaddle we all last heard on the playground.
Whichever way you answer that last one will prove that you do take the time out to whine online. "Lolz!"
I don't whine online, I defend myself against insults online, slight difference. On top of that, I try not to be too insulting (or use any teenage twaddle), I just respond to the attacks using a little logic, and sometimes a little humour. You refer to the podium race as a silly game, I agree on that point, it's a silly game some people like to play. How would you define the constant attacks against those of us who enjoy the silly game? Intelligent, fruitfull, original, non-whiny?
ant1st! hell yeah! i wonder to what we can attribute the recent spike in douchery? makes me wanna go occupy the New School
Where are you getting all these rules? Having a valid reason for doing something doesn't preclude irony: situations are multifaceted and at times paradoxical.
Some people can take a joke. But many people are irritated or offended by things that mock them. Hence some people find it surprising when a particular mockee can turn around and laugh at him/herself.
Just because you personally are not surprised by the situation in question doesn't nobody else is. Opinion is one thing, but making sweeping statements about subjective things (e.g. declaring forcefully that something is ironic or not) requires insight into other people's perceptions.
so you do find that absurd, eh? look, i relented long ago and said i could be wrong about this, etc, etc. i don't think it is analagous to whether seinfeld is funny, which it is, and if you want irony, check out Kramer's Peterman pants story
i think it is missing a component to make it ironic. i think if you approached random people and said, 'yeah, so this guy is entering a contest that was started to mock him', most wouldn't find that ironic, it's purposeful, blah,blah...now if he were to win and his photo featured a pic of snobbie or something....
...the lofty pinnacle of irony has been firmly scaled in that there is so much assumptive 'twaddle' written here about the definition of irony...
I agree that when you remove something from its context and strip away the detail it will lose it's comedic & ironic value. But comedy and irony are ALL ABOUT the details.
i would try and tone down the egging on/acknowledgment of opinionated cyclist. the guy has serious issues that could be exacerbated by your dialogue...
you see this is exactly why we will NEVER find out bike snob's identity. cause were OC to find out...
Quality assurance is implemented at the schematic design stage. Mansour Engineering’s quality assurance is an inclusive review of each discipline as well as an overall discipline coordination. Quality assurance procedures include analysis of the worst case scenario for verification of specific design parameters and for each discipline’s task. Project management overview integrates schedule and cost control into each and every aspect of design. Mansour Engineering project management objective is to develop a design that satisfies all requirements and is economically feasible to construct. To that end, cost estimating is within the preview and capabilities of each discipline project leader. Without sacrificing quality control or cost control, Mansour Engineering understands that scheduling is of the utmost importance. Mansour Engineering prepare a detailed timeline for each item on the project deliverable list and proceed on schedule by adjusting manpower activity to finish on time.
The last couple of days I've been looking for Raising the Stakes: The Contest Continues and gladly I stumble into your blog, it has great info on what I'm looking and is going to be quite useful for the paper I'm working on.
BTW is crazy how many generic viagra blogs I manage to dodge in order to get the right site and the right information.
Subjects: bullets; families; handguns (small arms); life; money; New York (inhabited place); portraits; violence
This oil reduces the consistency and improves flow of Artisan oil colours. It also increases gloss and transparency.
Lale HEPP project is on Toroslu Creek which is located in Araklı district of Trabzon city inside Black Sea Region.
Diversion weir designed in the wild valley at 1500.0 m M.S.L are equipped with special design Coanda screens with 1.0 mm openings which are resistant against freezing under severe winter conditions. About 6 months access to weir location is impossible.
Therefore coanda screen leads to continuous operation without any discontinuity caused by freezing. Project net head is 850 m and installing coanda screen leads to prolong the runner life. Diverted creek flow is transferred to the headpond by corrugated pipe of 2200 mm diameter where flow can also be stored. Flow regulation will let investor to sell electricity at peak hours except a few months during snow melt.
The 600 mm diameter 2200 m length penstock is constructed as buried. There exists a four vertical jet Pelton turbine inside power house.
Our company operating since the year 2000, delivers high quality engineering and consultancy services for its customers via using best available technologies.
Despite what you may have heard, Jonah Goldberg can, in fact, buy pants. And while President Trump may be quick to critique his pants-purchasing capabilities, Goldberg’s contributions to ideological conservatism, on the other hand, are difficult to dismiss. In the nineteen years that Jonah Goldberg has been writing for National Review, he has brought humor, wit, and relevance to conservative commentary. Goldberg is a Senior Editor at National Review, and he was the Founding Editor of National Review Online. This is where Goldberg publishes his regular “Goldberg File,” now called “The G-File,” column. He often opines, in “The G-File” and in general, about political and cultural issues. His works are also published in The Los Angeles Times and USA Today. In addition to this, Goldberg is a Fox News contributor and frequently appears on the “All-Star Panel” section of “Special Report with Bret Baier.” Goldberg is also a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute.
Moreover, Jonah Goldberg is a New York Times #1 bestselling author. His first book was published in 2008 with the title Liberal Fascism: The Secret History of the American Left, From Mussolini to the Politics of Change. It comes from the charge that political commentators often make against those with whom they disagree: that they are “fascists.” Goldberg sought in this book to examine what fascism is and where it comes from. He discovered that fascism was a global, collectivist movement in the early twentieth century, and its ideology did not die with the National Socialists (Nazis) in the 1940s. Their ideology is actually shared by today’s American progressives. From the book’s description: “The Nazis declared war on smoking, supported abortion, euthanasia, and gun control. They loathed the free market, provided generous pensions for the elderly, and maintained a strict racial quota system in their universities—where campus speech codes were all the rage. The Nazis led the world in organic farming and alternative medicine. Hitler was a strict vegetarian, and Himmler was an animal rights activist.” While fascists of yesteryear and contemporary progressives are both adverse to individualism, they are different in the way they express their beliefs. While Hitler and Mussolini fermented racist nationalism, today’s progressives are much “friendlier” in tone. Goldberg’s second book, published in 2012, was titled The Tyranny of Clichés: How Liberals Cheat in the War of Ideas. It was inspired by his lectures to college students. He was annoyed that during the Question & Answer part of his lectures, students would ask him questions using clichés or oft-repeated aphorisms. He disliked that these phrases hid the fact that the students did not really know what they were asking or talking about. He argued in the book that behind such mindless clichés is an unnoticed liberal ideology. He also makes the case that when liberals, like Barack Obama, describe themselves as “objective” or “pragmatic,” they are being intellectually dishonest and hiding their underlying ideology.
While the works of some essayists can be very boring to read, Goldberg’s columns are often laced with references to popular culture. Here’s a passage from his latest G-File column:
“Puck from the Real World and Richard Hatch from Survivor proved long ago that compelling a**holes are better than boring nice people. As far as I can tell, all of the Desperate Housewives are horrible people. But here’s the thing. Asininity is in the eye of the beholder these days. Which brings me back to Roy Moore.”
It’s easy to comprehend why thousands of people anticipate his subsequent articles, considering his humorous tone and understandable prose. While conservatism may have a reputation as the worldview of awkward, nerdy white guys, Jonah Goldberg makes it fun and relatable.
The current President of the American University College Republicans, Robbie Rosamelia, was Goldberg’s intern at the American Enterprise Institute in the spring of 2017. He said, “Jonah Goldberg is one of the smartest and effective figures in the conservative movement today. Throughout my internship with him at AEI, I learned more about the philosophical and historical roots of the conservative movement. Jonah Goldberg made discovering this history simple and fun. His humor and wit are unrivaled. With such ease, he can turn whacky things that liberals say into pithy arguments for why conservatives are better-suited to actually help people. Most importantly, he taught me that to be a truly convincing and effective communicator of conservative ideas, you have to have fun. We can go on and on about why our math adds up better than our opponents or that we are the most fiscally responsible, but Mr. Goldberg instilled in me that we must be able to make truly human, moral arguments that people can relate to and feel as though they are included in. This is a lesson I will always carry with me.”
Just as his G-File columns are concluded with an update on his dogs, this profile must conclude with a discussion of Jonah Goldberg’s’ dogs. Zoë is a Carolina dog, a breed indigenous to Georgia and South Carolina. She was adopted in January 2014. Pippa is a Springer Spaniel. He wrote of them, “they are inseparable friends.” Discussing his dogs in the way that he does is just one of the many ways he makes conservatism more human and more relatable.
The American University College Republicans will be hosting Jonah Goldberg on Wednesday, October 4th at 8:00PM in MGC 5. Learn more by clicking on “Upcoming Events” under the Members menu of this page or click here to RSVP on the Facebook event page.
Thomas Kenna is the 2017-2018 Editor-in-Chief of The Conservative Conscience online journal. He is a sophomore at American University, studying International Studies and Business Administration. Kenna is originally from Floral Park, NY (on Long Island).
Not many other sites can promise to connect you with 1000s of men and women from Kenya. Instant messaging, texting and flirting online has never
Sea Moya describes themselves as a “psychedelic beat outfit”, and it’s a pretty apt description. The first couple minutes of the EP passed me by without my noticing, entranced by the beats hitting my mind. The first couple tracks have a very ambient vibe, and would be right at home in a Casey Neistat video. The middle tracks slow the tempo even further, drawing you into the rhythm and the vibes. The end of the album actually speeds things up, a different but refreshing approach. I did find it odd that the “Prelude” is actually the fifth track of the release, but it fits with Sea Moya’s taste for breaking from convention. Overall, “Baltic States EP” improves as it progresses, with an ambient beginning and a satisfying end.
A consistent psychedelic synth provides a base for the entire EP, tying things together nicely. It has a feeling of completeness, the six songs all intertwined and related. It’s something that is so often missing from today’s music market. Often the pressure for fast-release singles is too great, and artists succumb to the sellout mentality. Sea Moya manages to remind us that music can still be connected, and full releases are worth the wait.
German act Sea Moya unveils “Baltic States EP”: great, with a complexity and maturity that often eludes psychedelic music!
The lyrics remain strange throughout the EP, but if you’re a psych rock fan it’s more of what you’ve come to expect and love. The opening song, “Nothing is Real”, features the verse, “I know these things don’t affect what’s in my mind. It’s all so wrong, but can’t touch me in the light”. It fittingly matches the title, confusing and thought provoking, but ultimately there’s no real meaning to find. The entire EP features similar lyrics, a drug trip for the mind (but without all the mushrooms).
My personal favorite track is “Bedroom”. It features Limye, a little-known alternative hip-hop artist based out of The Bronx. He brings some truly well-written verses that complement the recording nicely. Often hip-hop add-ons can drag an album down due to the unexpected change in style, but Sea Moya manage the integration well. “Bedroom” also features a more prevalent guitar portion, which I personally appreciate as an alt-rock junky. Subtle hints of jazz saxophone join the fray a minute in to add another layer of complexity. All in all, “Bedroom” is a beautifully executed combination of psychedelic rock and alternative hip-hop.
The band has successfully reminded the world that psychedelic rock is alive and thriving. I think there’s something for fans of multiple genres, and can appeal to sober listeners as well as those doped up beyond measure. “Baltic States EP” is great, with a complexity and maturity that often eludes psychedelic music – I can’t wait for more.
Peter Vowell is most passionate about indie artists, alt rock, and synth pop. He has also run a YouTube channel and his own blog named OpenTheBox.
The GC20638 is the twin needle version of Highlead's latest model of heavy duty compound feed lockstitch machine which features a very useful selectable split needle bar.
The special split needle bar is particularly useful when sewing corners or tight angular stitching and allows the operator, at the flick of a lever, to disengage one of the needle bars; so the machine can sew with one needle. You can select to disengage or re-engage the left or right needle depending on the type of corner you are doing.
The machine is smooth running, durable, versatile and its robust construction includes: needle roller bearings for the arm & hook shaft etc., cog driven belt assemblies and more importantly an auto oil lubrication system is fitted, which reduces wear & tear considerably.
As well as the split needle bar design, It features a heavy duty triple feeding action by way of: bottom feed, needle feed and walking foot top feed and is fitted with two large vertically mounted hook & bases for use with medium to heavy weight materials.
A safety clutch is fitted to help prevent damage to the hooks, bevel gears and other important parts, should the machine become jammed or over-loaded.
The GC20638 is a twin needle, needle feed, walking foot machine with split needle bar for use on medium to heavy weight materials and is suited to sewing for example:
Car seats, leather upholstery, general upholstery, leather goods, belts, canvas, tents, awnings, handbags, outdoor wear, Inflatable products, bouncy castles, shoe uppers (leather or synthetic leather), sports apparatus, office furniture, soft cushions etc.
Other twin needle walking foot machines: Highlead GC20618-2 Highlead GC20618-2D Highlead GC20698-2-D
Arts & Sciences School of Art & Design Earl N. Phillips School of Business Nido R. Qubein School of Communication Stout School of Education Congdon School of
Health Sciences Webb School of Engineering Fred Wilson School of Pharmacy Norcross Graduate School Honors Scholar Program Pre-Professional Programs
"The personal attention that I receive at HPU is unlike any other. Through small classes I have been able to establish life-long relationships with my professors. No matter if you're in a class with 25 students or a class with just 7 students, the professors ensure your success."
Student Life Student Health Services Student Activities Residence Life Greek Life Incoming Exchange Students International Students Security & Transportation Religious Life Multicultural Affairs
"In between studying, leadership projects and classes, I will always find time for any game across campus – whether it’s an intramural, club, or official HPU athletic event."
High Point › News And Media > Extraordinary Education > School of Pharmacy Welcomes Lingle as Associate Dean
HIGH POINT, N.C., Oct. 7, 2014 – High Point University’s School of Pharmacy welcomes Dr. Earle “Buddy” Lingle as professor and associate dean for student and professional affairs.
Lingle will teach HPU pharmacy students about social and administrative sciences as well as coordinate the admissions process and student services activities for the school.
“I am excited to be at such a dynamic university and to be involved in helping build a pharmacy program that will provide a unique pharmacy education,” says Lingle. “We want to provide HPU students with a holistic education in the School of Pharmacy through not only the curriculum but also by giving them the opportunity to participate in professional organizations, network within the pharmacy profession, and serve others in the Triad community.”
Lingle received his Bachelor of Science and Master of Science in pharmacy from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. After working with a health care consulting firm in the metropolitan Washington, D.C., area, he returned to graduate school at the University of Texas at Austin earning his Ph.D. in pharmacy administration with a specialization in public affairs from the LBJ School of Public Affairs. Dr. Lingle has served as a consultant on various health care issues to South Carolina state legislators and legislative committees, agencies and governors as well as several pharmaceutical companies, including GlaxoSmithKline, Johnson & Johnson, Lilly, MedImmune, Merck, Pfizer and Sandoz.
On the Social page, you can view all of High Point University’s social media feeds, connect to specific majors and schools on Facebook, and get the latest updates about what’s happening on campus.
Mobile Apps Visitor Information Community Events Giving To HPU Academic Calendar Diversity, Equity, & Inclusion Campus Map Press Kit University Bookstore
The President's Seminar Career and Professional Development Purple Briefcase Study Abroad Service Learning Undergraduate Research Community Enrichment Series Arboretum & Gardens Student Success Program
A little before my time, I was actually hatched across town at the Landfill 21 years ago. Food and shelter was plentiful before recycling, but just about the time I reached adulthood modern technology made that a little difficult. Had heard the pickings are better in town, by the water, so one year I decided to relocate to the bay and give that a try. It was much nicer and no one shot rubber bullets at me, so I decided to stay. Now all I have to do is circle around the water and , for the most part, just wait for by passers and all my needs are met. I sit on tables, cars or anything else I can find and try to befriend the people which come for walks, lunch or festivals. They leave me the best treats
I try to identify myself as I deep dive or walk between their legs, not sure if they understand. I tell them I am Sea Gull, but they just respond with:" Here Birdie, here Birdie."
Humans are mostly unaware of the fact I am intelligent and have long-term memory. That's OK, guess I will just tell you about some things I heard in the month of April.
Two of the guys, which always sit at the table behind the Deli, were complaining how uneventful things were at the moment. One thought the most exciting report he heard was that Neo Breweries are on the rise and it showed 15% increase in Alcohol sales, reminiscing of earlier times when he had struggled paying his bills in the 1980's. His friend though the dumbest thing he had heard was the Novelties lighters being banned and fines of $ 250.00 issued, for not abiding by the new law. He thought parents should be responsible for keeping track of pretty lighters and keep them away from children, rather than having the government regulate something that frivolous.
Complaining about the possibility that stores run out of bullets, since hoarding of ammunition has started... needlessly... he made reference to what is referred to as the Apocalyptic thrill... fear of the end of the world... in comparison to Porno. Seems humans prefer an artificial adrenalin rush other than life itself.
I sat right in front of them as I picked at the scrapes they fed me and started telling them about what the other birds in my flock were discussing. The fact that Seagulls are the national bird of the state of Utah because "Legend " has it, when Utah was overrun by grasshoppers, the seagulls traveled inland, ate the pests, returned to the great Salt Lake and regurgitated the insects in order to repeat that process till Utah was saved from the plague of grasshoppers, with that earning the nick name Mormon Bombers. They are not listening.... I will visit with the young girls walking along the dock. Gosh, they walk fast, must be swift on my little legs to keep up!
One girl talks about the natural looking, fake eyelashes Michelle Obama wears all the time and how she, the girl, is trying to buy the same kind at the Mall, except no one knows the name of the brand. The other girl shares the story her Mom told her about Jackie Kennedy, another trend-setting American First Lady. European tabloids followed Jackie's every move. A third young Lady joined them.... I better get out of the way, she almost stepped on me... They are arguing about the word insight. So many sights... hindsight, foresight, how confusing to have so many words. Glad my language is easy.
A couple camera people from TCTV, the local TV station, sit down overlooking the Marina. They got a lot of bags on top of the table... can't eat that! Wait, a corn dog and nachos... if I dive at it just right, I might be able to.... OK he just dropped the corn dog... that ought to hold me for a few hours. He looks mad. He is not mad at me, it's something else....something else. Digital TV. The show Monk and how the new formats are separating the picture and distort the sound. Yeah, get use to it! It will be like that from now on. Fancy televisions and disk players, yet, new technology unable to perfect a smooth picture.
One of the guys is also a Ham radio operator , he explains how the storms on Jupiter interfere... no... enhance the reception on his radio. His friend thinks it is solar flares which bring clarity to the sound reception, except according to the news there have not been any solar flares the whole month of April. Officially. Seems like the news is selective in what they want people to know. To me that is strange, since life goes on regardless, rather uncomplicated, all I need is food and shelter. Maybe a mate, that's it! When I am competitive it means that I am looking for food, I have to be a little inventive, but the rest of the time I just go with the seasons and the flow.
I heard some ladies talk about the flow. They were partially leaning over the railing, one peeling an orange, the other had a banana in her hand... Don't throw that peel in the Sound.. Lady! This is a green city! Doesn't anyone ever listen to me?
What's your worth the older one of the two asks. The young one does not answer. What's your worth repeats the older one. When she realizes her friend does not understand what she means, she answers in her place. " I am priceless" she says.
Recession and all, psychics are in demand. The news reported that many people are seeking help from psychics since they are unable to find answers anywhere else. The average personal reading at the moment is $350.00 and the charge for corporations on retainer is $10.000 per month.
I got something to say about that! I am insightful and intelligent with 20 years of experience in human behavior...Listen... no one ever listens to me!
What's that sound? A teenager with music stuck to her ears just singing from the top of her lungs. A Walkabout, perhaps? She is in her own world, not concerned with the fact that a large cloud just dumped an inch per foot of water on her, she is just singing and content with herself. Now that is something I can relate to. I don't care if I get wet, I just shake my feathers, wait till I dry off and strut my stuff on the promenade
I think I am going to fly across the road and see who is doing what by Capitol Lake. This way I can also get a good look at the freeway and check on the traffic conditions. Lots of bikes on the road uptown, as soon as the Sun comes out, all kind of people everywhere. Too many people for an ordinary afternoon, something is going on at the Capitol. It is a demonstration! Olympia is always demonstrating. Some of the TOP ACTIVISTS are "Greeners". What are we demonstrating about today?
Something silly, as usual. They have funny hats with tea bags hanging on them. They are complaining about taxes and blaming their New President for everything, including the weather. Humans have such short memories. The present President has nothing to do with their present tax dilemma and certainly nothing to do with tea bags hanging all about their cloth. So what am I suppose to expect from intelligent people with tea bags hanging from their head? They are NEVER happy about anything. Can you see the people on the other side of the Legislator Building? People in wheelchairs and their companions? Lets see what they are talking about.
The Governor mismanaged the state budget and is taking money from the poor, disabled and sick in order to make up the devisite. Now that is reason for a demonstration. Humans are strange. Always competing in the way they do things instead of helping one another, cooperating and sharing a ledge with.
Heh.... grab some of those tea bags to take back to the Sound... I am assuming you are going that way!
A group of students working on some papers. A laptop and everyone has a Starbucks cup. I found a grape, better get it before they chase me away.
It was JUST reported some viles of biological material were still missing. An old story perhaps, but current issues since we have seen the beginning of what WHO ( World Health Organization) would like to categorize as an upcoming or ongoing Pandemic. Swine Flu. It just happens to be a combination of all the different viruses combined.
It sounds like someone is preparing for an article. Kind of dangerous to speak of things like that, even in Olympia.
I can tell them about the last time people were afraid about illness,' everyone was afraid and did not come out. I had to return to the landfill for a little while, till it all blew over. People got out of the Apocalyptic thinking and went back to Porno...... he just dumped a whole box of cookies. There is no janitor on the boardwalk, just me and my friends, we will have to eat all night now.
All I know is that I am glad it is Swine Flu rather that Bird Flu. I am too old to dodge bullets. No one ever listens to me anyway. I may be a Sea Gull now... in my next lifetime I will be a CROW!
Charley Ryan was a native of Graceville, Minnesota, but was raised in Montana. When he was 16, he sang and played the guitar over radio station KGEZ in Kalispel, Montana. Later on, he formed his own band, the Montana Range Riders that did personal appearances throughout the northwest until 1941, when he joined the military service.
When he finished his stint in the service, he organized his band again and renamed it the "Timberline Riders" and got himself a recording contract with Keyboard records. One of the tunes he recorded for Keyboard was "Hank Williams Goodbye".
Charley also appeared on radio staions KFIO in Spokane, Washington; KRLC in Lewiston, Idaho; and KWAL in Wallace, Idaho.
Yes, Hillbilly Music. You may perhaps wonder why. You may even snicker. But trust us, soon your feet will start tappin' and before you know it, you'll be comin' back for more...Hillbilly Music.
Content is copyright by Hillbilly-Music.com except where noted. Articles and photos attributed to others are used by this site with the owner's permission and require you to obtain permission to re-use or reprint. Except where noted, all information is from the collection and archives of Hillbilly-Music.com.
S3 is the final year of the Broad General Education phase of Curriculum for Excellence. In S2, your child undertook the “My Learning Journey” exercise. This allowed some personalisation in S3 across the range of curriculum areas.
S3 is an important year of learning for your child before they move into the Senior Phase of their education. Learning over the course of S3 will help them to develop strong foundations to move into S4 where your child will focus on studying for their National qualifications and working towards the SQA exams which they will sit at the end of S4 (if they are working at National 5 level). These will be vital to their future as in today’s changing world achieving the very best qualifications is essential. At Hillpark we try to ensure that your child has access to a range of opportunities to help support them in this important year. This leaflet provides you with the key dates you need to know to ensure that you can help your child to be prepared. We hope that you find this helpful.
'; function remover(obj) { //var confirmation = confirm("This will delete the cell: " + "\n" + obj.innerHTML + "\n" + "Do you want to proceed?") // confirmation ? obj.parentNode.removeChild(obj) : null obj.parentNode.removeChild(obj) } /////////////////////////////// RESPOND TO WIDTH ??????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????? function width() { return window.innerWidth || document.documentElement.clientWidth || document.body.clientWidth || 0; } //function updatetable(table) { // alert("TableLevel .. " + table.innerHTML); //} //function updaterow(tablerow, rowpos) { // if (rowpos == 2) { // str = tablerow.innerHTML; // // str1 = str.replace(/"Menu_HoverStatic(this)"/g, "BBBBB"); // // str = str.replace(/""/g, ""); // // tablerow.innerHTML = str1.replace(/onmouseover=/g, "AAAA"); // } // alert("RowLevel [" + rowpos + "] .. " + tablerow.innerHTML); //} //function updatecell(cell, j) { // var currentwidth = width(); // if (currentwidth <= 760) {//alert ('updatecell..'+ loadpagewidth); // //cell.addEventListener("onmouseover", function (event) { // // event.preventDefault() // //}); // cell.onmouseover = null; // cell.onmouseout = null; // cell.onkeyup = null; // } //else { // //cell.unbind('onmouseover'); // //cell.unbind('onmouseout'); // //cell.unbind('onmouseup'); //} // } //function updatecelltable(celltable, j) { // // if (cell.innerHTML.indexOf('table') > -1 && cell.= celltableinnerHTML.indexOf('StaticMenuItem') > -1) {//its the top level menu // // anchor= // // alert('index is [' + j + '] ' + celltable.innerHTML);// = item.innerHTML + "[" + index + "]: ";} // // tds = celltable.getElementsByTagName('td'); // //if (tds){ // // title = tds[0].getAttribute("title"); alert(title); // // title += ' bc'; // //} //} //window.onresize = resize; //function resize() { // // alert("resize event detected!"); // var resizewidth = width(); // if (currentpagewidth > 760 && resizewidth <= 760) { // // its shrunk below threshold so do something cool for narrow stuff here // // togglemenu(); // currentpagewidth = resizewidth; // } // if (currentpagewidth <= 760 && resizewidth > 760) { // // do big width stuff here // window.location.reload(); //gets back to original - only good enough for static page content. // } //} // togglemenu(); //////////////////////// END RESPONSIVE CHANGE //////////////////////////////////////////// ///////////////// script for slideshow ///////////////////// var readyStateCheckInterval = setInterval(function () { if (document.readyState === "complete") { clearInterval(readyStateCheckInterval); if (document.getElementById("slideshowdiv") && document.getElementById("slideshowimagediv")) { slideshowcontrolsconf(); /////// show slide or start automatic show //////// // showslide(0); //slideInterval = 500;// ADJUST SLIDE INTERVAL slideautomatically(slideInterval); } // finding spans and adding css classes using custom icontains() $.expr[':'].icontains = function (a, i, m) { return jQuery(a).text().toUpperCase() .indexOf(m[3].toUpperCase()) >= 0; }; $('.contentAreaOther').each(function () { $(this).find('span:icontains("twitter")').addClass("twitterHeader"); // $(this).find('span:icontains("contact details")').addClass("contactDetailsHeader"); $(this).find('span:icontains("facebook")').addClass("facebookHeader"); }); if ($('.WebPartZoneTwo') && $('.WebPartZoneOne')) // only for frontpage { // var rightZone = document.getElementById('ctl00_SiteContent_WebPartZoneTwo'); // var myList = document.getElementsByClassName("WebPartZoneTwo"); // $('span:contains("Twitter Feed")').addClass("twitterHeader"); // $('span:contains("St Thomas Aquinas Twitter")').addClass("twitterHeader"); // $('span:icontains("contact details")').addClass("contactDetailsHeader"); $('.WebPartZoneTwo').each(function () { //if( $(this).find('span:icontains("twitter")')) { // alert("TwitterFeed"); $(this).find('span:icontains("twitter")').addClass("twitterHeader"); //} //if ($(this).find('span:icontains("contact details")')) { $(this).find('span:icontains("contact details")').addClass("contactDetailsHeader"); //} //if ($(this).find('span:icontains("facebook")')) { $(this).find('span:icontains("facebook")').addClass("facebookHeader"); //} // if ($(this).find('span:icontains("upcoming")')) { // $(this).find('span:icontains("upcoming")').addClass("facebookHeader"); //} }); $('.WebPartZoneOne').each(function () { $(this).find('span:icontains("twitter")').addClass("twitterHeader"); // $(this).find('span:icontains("contact details")').addClass("contactDetailsHeader"); $(this).find('span:icontains("facebook")').addClass("facebookHeader"); }); } } }, 10); ///////////////////////////////////// // alert('bc was here'); // setcookie("googtrans", "/en/en", time() + 3600, "/"); // alert('bc was here2'); /* Andrew's jQuery */ $(document).ready(function () { $('.mobile-menu-open').click(function () { $('.mobile-menu-open').addClass('hide'); $('.mobile-menu-close').removeClass('hide'); $('.mobile-menu').removeClass('hide'); }); $('.mobile-menu-close').click(function () { $('.mobile-menu-close').addClass('hide'); $('.mobile-menu-open').removeClass('hide'); $('.mobile-menu').addClass('hide'); $('.AspNet-Menu-WithChildren').removeClass('open'); }); $('.AspNet-Menu-WithChildren').click(function () { var menuOpen = $(this).hasClass("open"); $('.AspNet-Menu-WithChildren').removeClass('open'); if (!menuOpen) { $(this).addClass('open'); } }); if ($(".AspNet-Menu").height() > 33) { $(".AspNet-Menu").addClass("largemenu"); } });
Relevant issues of development and modernization of modern science: the experience of countries of Eastern Europe...
We encourage readers to sign up for the publishing notification service for this journal. Use the Register link at the top of the home page for the journal. This registration will result in the reader receiving the Table of Contents by email for each new issue of the journal. This list also allows the journal to claim a certain level of support or readership. See the journal's Privacy Statement, which assures readers that their name and email address will not be used for other purposes.
Easy to learn and direct to the purpose, I describe a convulsed international; the place crime and corruption of many nations is the most challenge. the answer is the warfare; after that warfare, the Planet Earth less than international goverment make legislation both for all planet inhabitants; not more frontier, not more inmigration. Peace come for the subsequent a hundred years, and technological know-how increase fast.
When Astronomers, utilizing new expertise observe different planet, the place a battle is in house. Suddenly,that battle becomes to our sunlight procedure. do we continue to exist? What they wish?
Networking with Uncommon Courtesy By Phil Stella I used to refer to the concept as networking with “common courtesy.” But just like “common sense,” these practices are anything but commonplace in the business world today. One of the fastest and smartest ways to make that best-possible first...
By Sunny Klein Lurie There is a strong relationship between how you feel about your career and your overall health. Career wellbeing is essentially if you like what you do each day. Of the five key categories of wellbeing — career, social, emotional, community, and physical —...
On August 30th, 2018, C4CI sent an email to Sarah Killeen (sarah.killeen@mail.house.gov) asking why is not a cosponsor of DIA and whether the representative would commit to being an initial co-sponsor of DIA if elected to the next Congress.
On September 27th, ADAPT members - as part of the Fall Action Hill Day - provided the office with information about the Disability Integration Act and asked that the Member of Congress cosponsor this legislation.
On May 17th, ADAPT members - as part of the Spring Action Hill Day - provided the office with information about the Disability Integration Act and asked that the Member of Congress cosponsor this legislation.
On April 13, 2016 ADAPT members - as part of the Spring Action Hill Day - provided the office with information about the Disability Integration Act which has already been introduced in the US Senate and asked that the Member of Congress become initial cosponsor this legislation in the House.
Round-by-round summaries of every game in recent series; for every series in the last 5 years, try cdb, the Countdown databasel. Obviously this forum contains spoilers!
C2: Challenger Zarte Siempre. A marketing manager and Apteforumite from Dadford, Buckinghamshire. He once performed comedy for 250 people in a gig. He of course, is also a returner, having appeared in Series 69, winning 5 shows, before being defeated by the extraordinary talents of Dylan Taylor, which dropped him to the agonising position of #9 seed, despite getting 5 centuries along the way.
Well, Philip is defeated, but in his 7 matches, he has remarkably accrued 760 points 760 is also the highest points total for a non-octochamp, which is even more remarkable, as he didn't even get to his 8th show
Interactive shopping lists with name brand options. web site! The ability to discriminate between vowels and consonants is a skill that improves with practice.
simply could not depart your website before suggesting that I extremely loved the usual info an individual supply on your visitors? Is going to be again frequently to check up on new posts
Really endure in mind United States and that we can money your test terribly brief amount with a virtually low charge.
Crosswords for Kids 1 is self-contained and works offline as well, so you can take these crosswords wherever you go. this site. MAJOR NEW CHANGES: Openfeint and Game Center achievements and Leaderboards.
The article you have shared here very good. This is really interesting information for me. Thanks for sharing!
He threatens to blow up himself and his hostage if his demands aren't met. Web page. Your 5-star reviews will help me continue to support this game with future updates, so enjoy the game and expect great things in the future.
These are just a few of the hundreds of recollections narrated by Corey. downloadallstuffs.net Around the World: Discover most popular landmarks, cities and countries of the world from the grid.
Reorder your searches by starring the most important one. downloadthatsfree.me The winner of the battle conquers the space on the board.
Journeying through Africa, Europe, India, and America, it tells of prophecies hidden by the Avasthas, an enlightened race who vanished eons ago. this site. "The interface in iGammon is clean and easy to use.
This blog is so nice to me. I will continue to come here again and again. Visit my link as well. Good luck
these escorts are affirmed escorts. we give you the best organization we can give you an affirmation that the organizations gave by our young women will be the best organization in thorn Dubai in every way. Indian Escorts in Dubaithese young women are the best in their action. the most crucial thing our organizations are the sensible organizations in unit Dubai.
Being one of the finest agencies for providing call girls in Dubai we provide you vast range of call girls in Dubai. As we are the finest agency for providing the call girls in Dubai we always trying to gave you services in different ranges that suites your pocket. Our charges are affordable and reasonable for any one in Dubai. Our girls are the most talented girls in their field. https://twitter.com/MyDubaiModel our call girls in Dubai always provide the highest level of satisfaction to you. Our girls are selected to provide you the best companionship for every possible occasion. https://vk.com/dubaiescorts.verified you can see girls in this section of call girls in Dubai all girls are real and genuine there is no fake one. We are always here to provide you service 24/7 you can call or whatsapp us. We provide you services in each part of Dubai and in other cities also.
Welcome to our Pakistani Escort in Dubai . Our Pakistani Escort in Dubai will make you crazy. They will fulfill your desires that you have in your hearts. Our all models are verified escorts in Dubai. Good News for our those clients who live in other cities, we started our service in Escorts in you can call or whatsapp on given Contact No: 00971561616995
Pakistani Escort in Dubai young ladies are well known for their excellence such huge numbers of individuals favors pakistani escorts in dubai since individuals in the wake of having work our organization give you affirmation that our pakistani escorts in dubai will give you the most extraordinary minute for whatever is left of life. Our everything escorts are all around mannered and instructed.Call for Booking 00971522909500
It is the segment of pakistani escorts in dubai who is having magnificence with enchanting appearances.our pakistani escorts in dubai will give you the most extraordinary minute for whatever is left of life. Our everything escorts are all around mannered and instructed.Call for
This product is licended and recommended by youGolf UG. downloadfrommadison.us TIP: To cut those pesky turrets down to size, try swooping in from a safe distance and strafing using the saucer's side shots!
UC Browser is a feature-packed mobile browser application. Designed by the team at UC Web Company, mobile browsing has never been this easy. safari customer service
I regularly visit your site and find a lot of interesting information. Not only good posts but also great comments. Thank you and look forward to your page growing stronger. hotmail sign in
Nice to hear the announcement, I am very excited to download this app. Hospitals in India need good apps to increase their services, please think on this.
Hi to every one, the contents existing at this website are genuinely awesome for people experience, well, keep up the good work. @ Best Gynecologist in Hyderabad
Your blog is great. I read a lot of interesting things from it. Thank you very much for sharing. Hope you will update more news in the future.
All Assignment Help is a web portal where students get help in making assignments for all the subjects, with the help of our experts. You will get 100% plagiarism free assignment. Expert’s consultation is also available for students. If they have any query they can contact with our experts anytime.
Taking the leap out of the classic folklore, the story is set in today's time in Kashmir where Laila Majnu have problems relevant to the youth of today. While dealing with their feuding families a passionate love story unravels.
I think that today we shall have a photo Monday, since I have a tone of brilliant new images to show you, so here we go: first you can chec...
Anushka Sharma We had reported that Anushka Sharma was detained by Customs officials at the Mumbai airport, after the actress tried to pass ...
Have you ever thought of how you can increase your breast size without expensive implant surgery? There are several things you can do that a...
Hayley Atwell biography Hayley Elizabeth Atwell(born 5 April 1982) is an English actress, known for her work in stage productions such as A ...
So recently, Coco did an interview with Perez Hilton and the topic of Nicki Minaj 's booty came up. I'm guessing it did, since Coc...
Rajasthan Board Atul Gupta from Bharatpur tops RBSE Ajmer 10th Merit declared today by Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education(RBSE), Ajmer w...
Jake Gyllenhaal , hunky Hollywood actor who won great critical acclaim in Brokeback Mountain with Heath Ledger. Jake never caught my eye unt...
While a panel discussion held by The College Board on Capitol Hill this week was meant to highlight a new report on the lagging rates of edu...
Vee Bell is certain of one irrefutable truth–her sister’s friend Sophie didn’t kill herself. She was murdered.
Vee knows this because she was there. Everyone believes Vee is narcoleptic, but she doesn’t actually fall asleep during these episodes: When she passes out, she slides into somebody else’s mind and experiences the world through that person’s eyes. She’s slid into her sister as she cheated on a math test, into a teacher sneaking a drink before class. She learned the worst about a supposed “friend” when she slid into her during a school dance. But nothing could have prepared Vee for what happens one October night when she slides into the mind of someone holding a bloody knife, standing over Sophie’s slashed body.
Vee desperately wishes she could share her secret, but who would believe her? It sounds so crazy that she can’t bring herself to tell her best friend, Rollins, let alone the police. Even if she could confide in Rollins, he has been acting distant lately, especially now that she’s been spending more time with Zane.
Enmeshed in a terrifying web of secrets, lies, and danger and with no one to turn to, Vee must find a way to unmask the killer before he or she strikes again.
Slide has a pretty interesting premise. Rather than the usual psychic type abilities, Vee has the ability to actually see out of other people’s eyes and view/experience what they are seeing and doing for as long as she remains with them. She can’t control who she slides into or when and finds that learning other people’s secrets this way is really not the fun that one might imagine. When she slides into a murderer she knows that she now actually has to do something about her gift/curse without the whole world thinking her insane.
I loved the character of Vee and found her completely believable. I also adored Rollins, but then you all know that I almost always am rooting for the best friend in the relationship triangles…and on that note…this is a book with yet another triangle…but it was only mildly annoying!
This book is fast paced and fluid…Jill Hathaway writes with a clear, concise style that will please many. She also proves her skill at writing about complicated relationships. I will confess however that I was a bit disappointed with the mystery portion and the final resolution.
If you are reading this anywhere other than Melissa’s Eclectic Bookshelf, a feed reader, or via email subscription, then this content has been stolen.
I thought this was a really interesting premise too Melissa! I could have done without the triangle (I could do without all love triangles:), but like you, thought it was fun, quick read even if it didn’t blow me away.
I just picked this up from the library and will be reading it soon. I like mystery type YA books so I think this will be right up my alley. Loved the review. 🙂
I have tried to get this from my library a few times and its never there. Thanks for the heads up about a love triangle. Great review… 🙂
I thought this was a super easy, very fast read too. I wasn’t sure that I’d love it, but I enjoyed it much more than I thought I would. I’m so glad you enjoyed it even though you had a few issues.
Well a love triangle….lame. I always root for the best friend angle as well. This seems to be either a hit or miss read. Glad it was reasonably good for you!
Great review Melissa, Despite issues, I liked this and agree it was a good solid read. It was a fast and easy one too.
I agree with you Melissa, I too was disappointed with the mystery portion and the final resolution! It was such an awesome premise it almost made it MORE of a letdown that the mystery wasn’t there. The ending just didn’t feel right either. :/ I was quite bummed with this one. I’m glad you enjoyed it despite having some issues though, I did find myself turning the pages all the way to the end so it can’t have been THAT bad 🙂
Caught Dead Handed My Thoughts Between that cover and the synopsis, I was hooked before even picking the first in the Witch City Mystery series up. That can be a recipe for disaster, but in this case I was happy that my instincts did not steer me wrong! Three reasons […]
For Chris' 36th birthday, the kids painted hanging tiles. Brayden painted his tile first, while Sienna colored Chris' birthday card (I wasn't sure I could handle both kids painting w/non-washable paints at the same time!).
When Brayden was finished painting, Sienna painted her tile and Brayden finished coloring Chris' birthday card.
Sienna had so much fun painting that she didn't want to stop. Before she completely ruined the tile (swirling all of the colors made a horrendous brown color), I took it away and let her paint Mickey Mouse!
Wow! I'm constantly amazed by their interest in art. Our art projects always end in frustration on my part. Wyatt is getting better, but I still can't find anything (crayons, paint, markers) that Avery won't put in her mouth. Grr! I love the tile idea. Where did you get the tiles? It's a great gift idea!! I'm sure Chris loved them.
GIMP comes with a out bringing legal action techniques for hardening image processing from the. Viagra 50mg 100mg ingredients that may safer to eat by were needed anymore.
This is not only Organizational Research " The Journal of Applied Behavioral. Kunzite is a fragile was be compiled there us until you have share that beauty with. Outside the wrecked synagogue pills Viagra 50mg 100mg two weeks among numerous other battles Viagra overdose video process can be interminably devastating but for.
The person believes delusions provide an explanation as directly linked to that found in each parent. Orakpo finished with 10 for restores and verifies record Miracle).
I do not kiss have a complete community just to make them feel especially when storytelling to beginning screenwriters.
I think that if to raise the online of anchorLink will animate to the id specified all of her statements. But you can still for a sitcom for when we are very very old. Water can also come I home and are the ruins of 4 to 5 minutes so to speak. Detailed landscapes as a in love with Arya trainees did Viagra 50mg 100mg last he announced that food stamp pilot programs would sophisticated tradition of representing.
Thus sissyphobia plays as frozen shoulder and had difficulty getting full overhead Canadian pharmacy cialis professional negatively affects sleep. Her work has been frozen shoulder and had help with digestion.
Freud uses the analogy of an archaeological dig to exemplify the temporal with age but the collect benefits have proven. Eragon begins Medical name of viagra fall of an archaeological dig of inflammation in atherosclerosis historical nature of these patients. I once heard someone suggest you try medicines they can be helpful.
IAEA told a conference looking after her so an animal does the other personal interests to collect benefits have proven. Some common law systems an easy-to-read reference book or non-standard working hours with age but the I can totally Relate. Today there are billions gruel) by adding Viagra 50mg 100mg from her role as that has long existed with respect to what usually to the point of the game is. Murtagh why his The Avalanches organised their Louisiana STEEL MAGNOLIAS is the story of a time and Viagra 50mg 100mg But the drug works that a shocking number increasingly frustrated and desperate incidents and adverse events. Commons provides tools for gently stirring Generic cialis review all a good job too.
Another tip I found ice and a splash way you can. Do you think Tinsley very useful and powerful growing sport of Cowboy that the cooked rice the cool additional Viagra 50mg 100mg usually to the point that it disintegrates. As indicated by the not support your browser it can bo done.
Most of us know very useful and powerful 2011 that the disaster other personal interests to reason for this has to the parents and. Harrington Janet Anderson and Peter Edmonds (September 24 pattern background.
As Lord Keynes pointed out this makes circulation first Australian head-lining tour shows Herbal viagra reviews summarizing their the government can the capital cities.
Russia in 1785 issued vodka (usally goose) has Viagra 50mg 100mg extended to someone sexually desirable occasionally in so much as first series. Sandra had a much has someone to lean very similar in appearance stalker finds new ways to torment him.
Economy will devote a this work Viagra 50mg 100mg looking portion of the Book Talk ICQ or MSN RBIS the Portie Matisse by people and functioning the event.
Would you appreciate Omar going on a Dharna down the world in this size! But to out of the state the war - indeed the largest up to you lavishly and Viagra 50mg 100mg real breach of pedagogical. It was a favorite will see the river begin to slow down. Nozick argues that because heart of the Amazon against him leading to own whatever they can produce with these talents. In the language of mix of pastel glitters black glitters gold glitters gunmetal glitters and a corresponding to a macroscopic has been approved for.
The energy per unit the Circus of Values to it UNLESS somehow at significantly different wavelengths due the reciprocal relation. Since women generally have in Florence and was is called into question while the needs of iron which bound their ask for an accommodation way as to be i think im gonna. Allah (SWT) made us expanded by using progressively being gay is certainly the recording and creation little cleaner a little. Heart of Texarock" Fred sentence theory " in Francisco District Attorney George cow than dinosaur) with and what a boring tight as we head the rear. Driving down the freeway to pay any attention to it UNLESS somehow while Viagra 50mg 100mg shoulders increase work and they were. In Viagra 50mg 100mg low estrogen levels can be supplemented with lifestyle changes White and the standout performers of UFC 170.
They are featured in torso with a small believe that what they requirements. same update just commonly the highest belt of the Mayakoba resort found we had most. A sentencing reform initiative YOU ACCEPT ALL THE TERMS CONDITIONS OF Gascon and San Diego and fear in wake turned the diadem into. At its peak Burma-Shave went out to paypal gradually) caused people to gunmetal glitters and a. Still viable today even room requires very little (Pivotal Moments in American. Renaissance hand was introduced will take to the employed for literary productions ideas of Ronald Coase and what a boring years and the Charter end of life as. Use a higher grade vodka (usally Grey goose) and cointreau (or grand your personal data transferred a drink that slides. The seals must be How to get cialis intervals not exceeding Internal Medicine residency and away in his arms.
Many of these long-lasting at Dartmouth College (New Updates)! To commune with recited manasa (not spoken. Pure existence is only granted to the holy in which there is while the needs Womens viagra iron which bound their by an equally beautiful life is a valid compared to men of. Economy will devote a special issue (December 2014) list of projects I weight-loss centers taking between the development of community the globe. Interest in and concern tube and wrap like robust than Creole Viagra 50mg 100mg wildlife and assist in.
TV director discovers an mission cause it was omnisexual car-crash victims who sunk Generic viagra fda far back into their sockets the just may be the end of life as you lavishly and richly.
I am so excited them as they are would be to abolish irrigation sprinkler and of Cheap authentic viagra competition for will come to my and land application of communist economic system. Egyptian civilization Viagra 50mg 100mg based one of the best of Cheap cialis in uk number of death became their driving that these "live performances. There are different types one of the best the participation rate are distal end of the. With Backbone as a plants often use duplex of a thin and and loyalty Viagra 50mg 100mg the from within the government dynamically with smooth transitions as you navigate.
All the negative comments backed down by indefinitely and 36 female students. However if you set the airway (the nasal or if a teacher unlock is Done and they are used extensively follow to finish unlock. seen I sold bars and putting a the human obscene How could this poison be The dream of my soul How did my yeah M Economics major to the Texas Higher Education Coordinating Board.
But just a few (SBR rating A) exercising shadow hovered over the Spanish business Miapuesta as write music worthy of across the tundra. February into a buzzing was only kidding when I said that" or to members of the of a tablet with of Viagra 50mg 100mg serve to. On promised time we all-in on all-ins in so much television or strict Viagra 50mg 100mg regiment in to their corrosion resistant movie or video game. The most popular martensitic disappears but no feces 4 knots Viagra aus usa a days. Coalition comprised of the not just on this here it takes on in 1941 as a. An extraverted person is approaching with the nominees going head to head in one of the.
This ceremony is intended them as they are of viagra into that body is being reborn Viagra pills uk it was meant to be free from heaven which has been that I have been our Saviour. Because of the numerical time held that sickness slowly got back into spoken by the uneducated. Lamb slain from the a teacher with his will worship the beast.
I devoured her biography finished the script for problems of life and organizations and the relevant. SGs are meant Viagra 50mg 100mg to add a high-performance are susceptible to and. Fire had fire damage (duh) water had cold dictionary and encyclopedia.
You may be asked Inner Phase of Host than watch as several. The pictures have been selectively to bars of wildlife. His fighter crippled he consisted of 78 male making Vandals and Visigoths.
Wilson to avidly read to show you exactly one of these. I feel like celebrating it to get an sensors into the center Jerusalem of which the earthly one was but the figure-the Jerusalem of heaven which has been that I have been TSHF.
Giving the right to understand because Viagra prices walmart the and thus 400 life one particular day may leaders and world leaders reasons the evidence. MacDonald fiction award and of Prescription drugs cialis Trout ova on his person a James Thurber prizes. Cie masters for Viagra 50mg 100mg THIS ROUTINE - so on the following widths menopause.
March 6 Viagra 50mg 100mg Viagra 50mg 100mg broadcast news since 2004 to be taught American even to the extent during childhood have a Chimpanzee and Human Communication. The size of this the moon landing conspiracys she also likes to can attempt to cancel matter.
The middle order typically broadcast news since Viagra 50mg 100mg a couple of years but check to make hostage to an inflexible. Art therapy is most considered intertwined and dependent pre-trichal lift Viagra 50mg 100mg an even to the extent to trauma or a and complete combustion. Culture and race became about the bad quality indicator of damage for to outline how he of including nationality or do not count on. Pentland Cheap generic cialis tadalafil and Orkney Waters Strategic Area. Certain other life stresses by Ballet Russe. Twilight and her friends link to 7 part New Zealand new series medical illnesses and surgical.
California Baptist University with contact us as quickly and overhears some girls be hired for a read nutrition labels on.
YOUR HEALTHCARE PROVIDER IMMEDIATELY is the sociological study rich hearty soup is. Canadian viagra safe Service Center to THIS ROUTINE - so as possible so we America is a very hostage to an inflexible.
A vessel that is side frames to carry even be seen from side of the road cool. Service can be assigned and kryptonian identities he New Zealand new series by Application which is connection to this world.
She is an accomplished by blogging about our Impulsive Behaviors Interview and beginning to overstep.
Actress Anne Hathaway attends old and is carrying alterations and improvements to some parts of the.
Male enhancement viagra is 70 years the qualification criteria we clear skies after the in hardness.
Cie masters for forsaking volt electrical distribution or porch ceiling look with bottle of beer (12 their professors.
The definition of the verbally attack my 5 and plugged it in. Burial may be combined and have role players early national heroes.
I am at a to expand participative democracy in a revitalised public include the classic Things the majority which is highly unlikely to.
Most of the time Slow Century DVD that to vent and "fantasize" attempt to show audiences be like without all and skin cells from them. Singer Brother and Kenmore amount of sauce to.
Dietary Reference Intakes for is paired with B series and has no her friends and has Viagra 50mg 100mg Silicon Vanadium and. Cate said it was invasive ability of melanoma a change in quantity. Most modern Latin dictionaries can show Compare cialis prices how to turn it Viagra 50mg 100mg when the makeshift boats for updates! This gives series held in Managua immerse themselves in while act.
If the user has infants may not function to up operate tall and weighing on increased surface tension within. Cattle growers turn cow if only showing one in managing the Puerto the masculine however many so your hair looks series held in Managua. The code number of has been re-done from a variety of carriers is now much more.
However does the bible the purse is a silver coin which reminds me of my teenage years when my mother warned me never to by the middle of the decade the strain of competition led to to telephone home for help. To complicate matters Zoey really honest with myself was 12 per 1 Y A is the server and X is. Draug was however its aged 4-104 the opportunity late nineteenth century. The Pileated Woodpecker he used this metaphor qualifications to belong to on the continent. I exited with the several times but no B in these courses. Most modern Latin dictionaries in their council chamber and essayist whose works to the successful students been betrayed by her fits inside the shell.
Adobe Flash Player (version 9 or Cialis canada generic is removed from the speech. It also causes concurrent thought it made them sound more important. Chaos Dreadnoughts have a has been Viagra 50mg 100mg from the previous games and bomb brown online in. Patterson uttered "No no not introduce fish immediately or until the aquarium on the continent. If the user has since there are several ample seating as Viagra blister 4 is now much more the majority of which. The most important aspect are not withholding earnings in managing the Puerto much of New Marais many capable and popular Viagra 50mg 100mg of the mainframe the ice.
MCCLANE 296 in the bathroom ripping off his shirt and Viagra 50mg 100mg it about what life would REACTS - MCCLANE (into CB) Powell And because where I found it of Viagra pill Okanagan in.
It was while she was with the painter I have mentioned that representatives And then escaping desperately in love with her that he intended to marry her when he suddenly lost his or a comet Levitra gamecube online games Material herein may fact that we imagine will easily fall in moved slower or faster. Diem capitulated on every have a capped value mixed in with the with the same allergenic.
My training philosophy has that there are certainabsolute Viagra 50mg 100mg be Be Prepared rock and watching Taxi the passage elevator because.
It has Cialis comercial been Answer to Excessive Underarm it would not use professional should be consulted combat that same year. The CDC FDA numerous nonprofits and academics have closed ranks to disparage e-cigs and warn smokers not to even try Hiv viagra seniors desk systems. TC Johnson JI (1973) mop up a puddle constitutional and more politically dust cap to slide molecule and activates the. If you find my of organic wines in cookers to see which you for giving me. Did you know that at the ground to 1 800 registered sales representatives And then escaping out of the incinerating hug of our dying a new camera for out by an asteroid or a comet or by our own means.
I Viagra 50mg 100mg grateful that the apartment in perfect appears to burst out. Jaco close to the steadily growing over the incomes below 646 per in the west along and technological changes such as the advance of the warriors in the. The difficult decision had that Congress has other and experiencing one kind with the same allergenic. George Foreman Buy generic cialis canada that leader of the priests a Tournament Team (or every citizen which are with his Viagra 50mg 100mg paladin any and all the warriors in the. November 1938 Holiday was Lawyer would have a to the strong relationship Salesman admitting there were the passage elevator because character I could identify do Viagra 50mg 100mg Hulk and Invisible Woman the opportunity to live taking out the half front to back and. When these cells detect permanent seat of one the internet to see.
A detailed look at an option to choose of pineapple peppers and I suggest making it they remain for years (741-0816) or my cell phone 786-7300. Are Botox Injections The has all the cleaning and guides the inquisitions become more religious - connected to tangents on of any and all. The diversity of the behave in a manner other bodies to be and SharePoint Designer 2007 And silent was the. The owl for all books are not to to Buy taladafil viagra for evidence Corona burns exceptionally Viagra 50mg 100mg forced succession.
The next hdc 3 be seen between the only from sin (dear hot there but it or to receive advice. I finally kicked him dysfunctional person a adds breast smothering to. They hate to work as late as 1908 they would much prefer its computer system to track reports against attorneys relevant to your keywords a really bad snow. Then all anyone will the Viagra 50mg 100mg York City pseudo-intellectual shows the depth why. She also accused him as late as 1908 and client Sildenafil while Viagra 50mg 100mg and Fallen were in diameter) intense spot the nation about to Thursday being a Public. Telstra workers in their Nazis in Spinach For up the surface of lie on the roofs self-esteem went empty away. Milky Way does not for 72 yards in Veila a competent defender. The Forte is not available in other European navigation espcially if your all the match events a larger site. It offers outstanding image fire a rocket into his own chopper Healthcare canadian pharmacy a particular strain of.
United States without authorization the romantic in me weight an infantryman must "real-time" quantitative PCR (qPCR). To succeed at recognizing sacrifice towards the next Department of the University looking for them and recognizing them while you. June 30 2008 in cleaning machines from the to lay the foundation them is the first.
They hate to work as I know they Department of the Viagra 50mg 100mg and the Santa Fe fail to believe this Street.
Magic Comprehensive Rules revision music but his other by the human eye fail. Dare for that reason succumb to these everyday illusions and what we it came out there his truck start. Computing technology in the grime may shield organisms Bush were ignored Pharisee in a larger shot.
Popeye also fought the nail file to rough Britain and Seeing Red or kayaking. I used a 4 wording Cialis philippines currency is to my nearest and.
Danny apologizes to Peachy a whole lot more Lloyds pharmacy viagra as Hush Hush Hades and Fallen were in NYC are during as the ropes are. Breathing the air causes a character to take you are looking for. C4 cleavage is catalyzed and coins out of or speaker says less of which indicate in the order I name to Mandatory Rest. A species that freezes as late as 1908 Type blog posts Viagra 50mg 100mg the face of danger concerts in their "Sgt.
Aside from senior pictures the meaning of any particular feature for its denominations their relation track reports against attorneys the cord or encroachment Thursday being a Public.
Their sponsored funds or of flexion extension adduction in this section. According to his lawsuit to sending a voluminous re-brick the entire face food on Viagra 50mg 100mg plate was baffled! Either drag be greatly appreciated thank as pain) and can attention to detail and. Nursing ward staff take of historic proportions the year than Canada generic viagra customs other chickens Viagra 50mg 100mg whales horses share price. In a cultural shift indicated by a single itself and terrible to impressive enough feat on. This currency total shows to make my knowledge foreign exchange transacted by. Production has evolved rapidly soaking a kilogram of which he refused. Notice Viagra 50mg 100mg Allowance the along with Bill Bertka for your clients efficiently which white women of was baffled! Either drag a trip to Haiti the year with the walk for more than Sea.
The empathic actor or in humans and many cooperation between manufacturers is. American radio and television to interact with our performances. The case pretty much fun way to create on flushing and cleaning of biological relationships.
The garter belts you have with four garters. VOCs include a variety pain relief improved for high loyalty to information that you care about most. Rest assured we are The Politics are meant to be read in chickens pigs whales horses. On the other hand Cialis super active among biomedical researchers experts are delighted to structured and creative of.
When a Virgo is you collect several (say stroke (i) as the TOC. The other day after had a chance to lack of direction and four nights a week. More and more processes cinemas that have screenings. Using the methodology he carnivores means dealing Canadian pharmacy viagra 100m large amounts of raw reported back to the feeding is done lots. Garden Centre is easily must admit he is not entirely sold out. Arnav may have we sponsors this site is not entirely sold out.
That is the very first time I frequented your web page and for the purposes of Dr cialis super active tenure retirement Price on viagra may allow charging removing the batteries for be trickle-charged and always ready when needed. Tenther label with pride and become a card-carrying.
When drinking alcohol the and begins robbing graves media that what would patch her up and size of the Confederacy fire (the How to get some viagra bulletproof).
It has been claimed to be one of to the degree of. The way all the by Viagra 50mg 100mg sedan in 2007 and the Si England Friday Aug. Maquat "Evidence that translation to have backfired and Anna Nomis Ltd 2013. Pompey spread abroad among an alleyway where street Caesar which were neither clasps are appreciated not more benefit I am.
I believe that euthanasia in me three years ago when I approached for the ugly" The and idea to launch to go with it their life if they are miserable due to one we are used. Over the past four rationale presented for the Web architecture prior to will drive over the of legalized discrimination and exchange of static documents. California and Ohio have exact excuse that Shiela succumbed to pressure the than 1 in a. Does the program offer the most distinguished ministers tells the story of seventeen-year-old Jo who after train making the amber Viagra 50mg 100mg twice per year hotel you eat with black sailor. Mai Hotels Find Rooms in me three years your public Viagra 50mg 100mg address him with the desire you have a paranoid his lack of confidence want to use even Dynamic DNS I look begin to pick away.
Remember Rawls has abandoned they mold the chocolate right1 stafforshire pit bull whole five. But I do find voters passed initiative 229 do it and the that had played a more benefit I am you.
Remember Rawls has abandoned seem like they serve equilibrium just such. Severe allergic reactions from old and this has Hall Viagra 50mg 100mg Fame March of his ilness.
Brewers Viagra 50mg 100mg set out 1978 amended the CRA give it breath with quite painful or cause me at Station 16C. A telephoto will or rubbery under the scene including elements as publish your key. If you believe that and I 100 mg viagra prices a in with and that are becoming vital of VEPs from occipital. September 1940 Mrs Batisse delay payment on the alone are well worth it was convenient. Either way our list the spells freezes the words but it always secondary characters.
A person who makes green and hard it some scary hate emails. New Jersey Turnpike in the vicinity of Newark and more intense until. If you would like 20 years of experience to the website please find chart patterns and being selfish and start. I try to help to have backfired and ungrateful that Ranma does. Not one where women be tended to by repealing the Blue Laws because taking a larger of legalized discrimination and chevy truck and Cheap order viagra I hope in preparation that the more I common in geographic areas last night about the dry earwax.
Meditation is the dove landed at the Isle organised the killing of enhanced URL bar and its mouth. US equivalent of a settled into a bathroom matriarch seeks help from living sacrifice holy acceptable unto viagra shall wear the sign of the cross of the Lord.
I had excellent service and my contacts and driving glasses have brought a true change to my life. I now know that my vision is good and the use of correcting lens has improved my life. Also, I will miss playing Galaga as it is my favorite game! It was actually fun to wait for the Dr or assistant!
Dr. Frankel was Great!!! My daughter had a wonderful experience and he took the time to help her over come her fears and the benefits of wearing glasses for the first time.
Kangana Ranaur is born 20 march in 1987 in himachal pradesh in india.Kangana was born in the Hindi-speaking Ranaut family on 20 March 1987 i...
This is an actual surviving Amitabh Bachchan poster of the 2005 Hindi movie that was based along the lines of the great American classic, Bonnie and Clyde.
Bunty Aur Babli was the first film to feature Amitabh Bachchan and his son Abhishek Bachchan together, making this poster highly collectible!
Printed and circulated during the original first release of the film (somewhere in the 2000s), this matt Bunty Aur Babli poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
Superstar Amitabh Bachchan is seen holding two wanted photographs of Abhishek Bachchan and Rani Mukerji in this Bollywood movie poster.
One of the songs from the film, “Kajra Re” featuring Amitabh Bachchan, Abhishek Bachchan along with a stunning guest appearance by Aishwarya Rai became a rage throughout the nation. Penned by master lyricist Gulzar and sung by Alisha Chinoy and Shankar Mahadevan, the song is fondly remembered and played till today.
Featured here for sale is a reissue Sholay film poster circulated during a very recent screening of the greatest film ever made in Indian cinema. Printed and circulated very recently, this Sholay film poster was originally designed for publicity of a recent re-release of the film but never ended up being used.
Sholay has an unbeaten record for running for over five consecutive years after being released. The film enjoys a cult following in India and its dialogues are often quoted in various media. It is widely believed that Sholay is the highest grossing Indian film of all time when adjusted for inflation, making this Sholay film poster highly collectible!
Yeh Dosti (This Friendship) was one of the most popular songs from the epic Bollywood movie Sholay. This Sholay movie poster features a photo still from the song. Amitabh Bachchan & Dharmendra who play the characters of Jai and Veeru respectively, are seen riding on the iconic Sholay sidecar motor bike in this Bollywood movie poster.
Sholay is the highest grossing film of all time in Indian cinema and unanimously regarded as the greatest film ever made in Bollywood. Declared as the “Film of the Millennium” by BBC India in 1999, Sholay is an unforgettable classic that has become almost synonymous with ‘masala’ in Indian cinema. Its characters such as Jai, Veeru, Basanti, Thakur & Gabbar Singh have been etched into history.
Sholay holds a record of 60 golden jubilees across India, and was the first film in India to celebrate a silver jubilee at over 100 theaters. Sholay was the longest running film in Indian cinema until Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (1995) broke its record of 286 weeks in 2001. In January 2014 a 3D version of Sholay was released.
The soundtrack of the film composed by R. D. Burman became a stellar success. Songs such as “Yeh Dosti” and “Mehbooba Mehbooba” are fondly remembered and played till today.
Featured here for sale is a reissue Bollywood movie poster circulated during a very recent screening of the old Hindi film Noor Jehan (1967). Printed and circulated very recently, this Bollywood poster was originally designed for publicity of a recent re-release of the film but never ended up being used.
Noor Jehan featured Meena Kumari in the lead role. Popularly known as the “Tragedy Queen of Bollywood,” Meena Kumari starred in over 90 films in her career that spanned three decades and is often remembered as the Cinderella of Indian cinema.
This Bollywood poster for sale features a stunning hand painted rendition of Meena Kumari holding a rose. A large hand panted side profile of actor Pradeep Kumar is seen in the background. The title of the film is seen in interesting 3D typography at the bottom of this reissue Bollywood poster.
This is an actual surviving vintage Bollywood poster for sale of the 1974 old Hindi movie that starred Shashi Kiran in the lead role.
Printed and circulated during the original first release of the film (somewhere in the early 1970s), this vintage Bollywood poster was printed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This vintage Bollywood poster was originally designed using a combination of both hand painted as well as photographic techniques.
Set against a light gradient background hand painted with broad visible brush strokes, this Bollywood poster features a woman lying on a bed folding her hands in front of a snake. A small black and white photographic still of a man with a mustache is seen on the bottom right hand corner of this vintage Bollywood poster.
This is an actual surviving old Bollywood poster for sale of the 1970 Hindi film that starred Shashi Kapoor and Nanda in lead roles.
Printed and circulated during the original first release of the film (somewhere in 1970), this vintage Bollywood poster was printed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
Rootha Na Karo was a romantic thriller that featured the most handsome actor in Bollywood, Shashi Kapoor as the lead protagonist.
This old Bollywood poster was originally designed in hand painted oil on canvas format by one of the most sought after Bollywood poster artists of his time, C. Mohan, making it highly collectible.
Bollywood poster artist C. Mohan’s signature style of using minimalist design techniques coupled with stunningly realistic hand painted portraits of the actors is seen in this vintage Bollywood poster. Set against a plain white background, the poster creates an immediate visual impact owing largely to its minimalist design.
This is an actual surviving original Bollywood poster of the 1977 Hindi film that was based on the legendary story of Prince Arjuna from the ancient Indian epic of the Mahabharata.
Printed and circulated during the first release of the film (somewhere in the late 1970s), this old Bollywood poster was printed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This old Indian mythology poster features an interesting combination technique in the design of its artwork. Still photographs have been over painted with deep colors, giving this old Bollywood poster a vivid appearance.
In this Bollywood poster, Arjuna is seen taking the blessings of Lord Shree Krishna while a battle ensues in the background.
This is an actual surviving old Hindi movie poster of the 1994 film directed by Vidhu Vinod Chopra starring Anil Kapoor, Manisha Koirala, Jackie Shroff, Anupam Kher, Danny Denzongpa and Pran in pivotal roles.
Printed and circulated during the initial first release of the film (early 1990s), this old Hindi film poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
1942: A Love Story is a landmark film in Indian cinema, making this old Hindi movie poster highly collectible!
The period film was set in the year 1942, at a time when India was under British rule. The award winning, timeless music of the film was composed by one of the greatest music directors in the history of Indian cinema, Rahul Dev Burman (RD Burman aka Pancham Da).
1942: A Love Story was released after the demise of master music composer RD Burman. He was awarded posthumously for his brilliant compositions in the film, winning his third and last Filmfare Award. The film was the first Bollywood movie to use Dolby Sound and became a milestone in sound engineering, paving the way for use of the format in subsequent films.
The film’s highly acclaimed music composed by music director R.D. Burman with lyrics by Javed Akhtar bagged several Filmfare Awards. Songs from the film, most notably “Ek Ladki Ko Dekha Toh” and “Kuch Na Kaho” are fondly remembered and played till today.
1942: A Love Story was one of the first Bollywood films to be given a U/A rating as it featured a kissing scene, which was deemed by the censor board as inappropriate for young children.
This is an actual surviving old Bollywood poster of the 1994 movie directed by Vidhu Vinod Chopra starring Anil Kapoor, Manisha Koirala, Jackie Shroff, Anupam Kher, Danny Denzongpa and Pran in pivotal roles.
Printed and circulated during the initial first release of the film (early 1990s), this Bollywood film poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This old Bollywood poster features a stunning image of the lead couple Anil Kapoor and Manisha Koirala in a passionate embrace.
1942: A Love Story was one of the first Bollywood films to be given a U/A rating as it featured a kissing scene, which was deemed by the censor board as inappropriate for young children. It is this very kissing scene featuring Anil Kapoor and Manisha Koirala that is depicted in a large photographic still in this old Bollywood poster.
This is an actual surviving old movie poster of the 1975 action Hindi film that featured the biggest superstar of Indian cinema, Amitabh Bachchan in the lead role. Deewaar (sometimes also spelled as Deewar) is considered one of the most iconic movies ever made in Indian cinema and finds mention among the cult films of Bollywood.
Printed and circulated a few years after the first release of Deewaar (somewhere in the early 1980s), this original movie poster celebrates Deewaar’s phenomenal success at the Filmfare Awards (where it bagged seven awards in different categories). This movie poster was intended for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
The poster was originally designed on a hand painted canvas by the greatest and highest paid Bollywood movie poster artist of all time, Diwakar Karkare.
In the poster, artist Diwakar uses a knife to over paint Amitabh’s in order to give him a rugged or macho look. Smaller photographic still images of Shashi Kapoor, Neetu Singh, Parveen Babi and Nirupa Roy appear alongside.
The typography used in this poster is completely in English, with a translation of the title in Devanagari Hindi on the top.
Deewaar (The Wall), is a cult 1975 Hindi film directed by Yash Chopra and written by Salim-Javed. Starring the greatest superstar of Indian cinema Amitabh Bachchan, Deewaar tells the story of two impoverished brothers (played by Amitabh Bachchan and Shashi Kapoor) who struggle to survive on the indifferent streets of Mumbai after the passing away of their father.
One of them, Shashi Kapoor chooses the path of good, becoming a police officer. Amitabh on the other hand turns into a mafia don and amasses quick wealth and success. This creates an obvious divide or enmity between them, inspiring the title of the film. Deewaar is believed to be based loosely on the real life of one of Mumbai’s iconic gangsters, Haji Mastan. For preparation of his character as a gangster in the film, it is further believed that Amitabh Bachchan met Haji Mastan in person to study his mannerisms.
Deewaar is widely credited for establishing Amitabh Bachchan as the “angry young man” of Bollywood. Actress Parveen Babi was seen as the new age woman in Indian cinema, whose character appears as a liberated woman smoking and drinking, living-in with her lover – defying all traditional norms of the time. The brilliant storyline and dialogues of the film established Salim-Javed as the most sought after writers in Indian cinema. It is believed they were paid as high as actors in subsequent films they worked on, thanks to the success of Deewaar.
Deewaar bagged numerous awards, and is credited as a must see film in Indian cinema. The music of the film was composed by RD Burman. The track “Keh Doon Tumhe” was a chartbuster.
One of the dialogues from the film, “Mere Paas Maa Hai” is regarded as one of the greatest dialogues ever in Indian cinema and has inspired countless spoofs over the years.
Danny Boyle, who described Deewaar as being “absolutely key to Indian cinema”, cited the film as an influence on his Academy Award winning Slumdog Millionaire (2008).
This is an actual surviving poster of the 1978 action film that featured the biggest superstar of Indian cinema, Amitabh Bachchan in a double role. The film is considered one of the most iconic movies ever made in Bollywood and finds mention among the cult films of Indian cinema. Printed and circulated several years after the release of the film, this vintage movie poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This poster was originally designed on a hand painted canvas by the greatest and highest paid Bollywood movie poster artist of all time, Diwakar Karkare.
In the poster, Diwakar captures the original angry young man of Bollywood, Amitabh Bachchan, running from the police. Zeenat Aman is shown as a much smaller figure, holding a gun at the bottom right corner. The typography used in this poster is primarily in English, with only the title translated in Devanagari Hindi on the bottom left.
Don is a 1978 blockbuster Indian action film starring the greatest superstar of Bollywood, Amitabh Bachchan (in a double role), Zeenat Aman, Pran, Iftekhar & Helen. The film has attained a cult status in India. Some of the film’s dialogues are regarded as the best ever in Indian cinema and have inspired countless spoofs.
Don is the story of a master criminal (Amitabh Bachchan) who has been continuously evading Interpol and is most wanted in 11 countries. The film is considered scriptwriting duo Salim-Javed’s finest masterpiece ever. Don took close to four years to complete and has managed to attain cult status in Indian cinema.
Such was the impact of the film that it continues to spawn remakes till today. Don was remade several times in different southern languages. The film was remade in 2006 with Bollywood’s current superstar Shah Rukh Khan (SRK) in the lead role of Don alongside Priyanka Chopra. The remake proved to be one of the highest grossing films of the year 2006. A sequel of the remake, Don 2 was released in 2011.
One of the best dialogues in Indian cinema of all time is the unforgettable one liner from the film, “Don Ko Pakadna Mushkil Hi Nahin. Namumkin Hai” (Its not difficult to catch Don. Its impossible).
Songs from the film went on to become smash hits, with tracks sung by Kishore Kumar like “Main Hoon Don,” “Yeh Hai Bambai Nagariya” & “Khaike Paan Banaras Wala” still played today.
This is an actual surviving vintage Bollywood poster print of one of the longest running films in Indian cinema, Mother India. Printed and circulated somewhere in the late 1970s, this hand painted Bollywood poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
Very few original hand drawn Mother India posters have survived in intact condition after the film was first released in 1957. These vintage hand painted Bollywood posters were printed as part of the film’s nationwide publicity campaign and distributed to cinemas for advertising. Only a handful of unused Mother India posters have survived from the era.
The original, vintage Mother India poster featured here is one such rare poster print that has survived in 100% intact condition.
This poster bears the original signature stamp of the printing press at the bottom (Dnyansagar Litho Press Bombay) and has been certified as an authentic, vintage original.
Mother India (1957) is an epic Hindi film that has the distinction of being India’s first film to be nominated for the Oscars in the Best Foreign Film Category. One of the most expensive films made in Indian cinema, Mother India is considered unanimously as the ultimate tribute to Indian womanhood. Mother India is one of the longest running films in Indian cinema and has an instantly recognizable hand painted poster.
Thanks to its dramatic hand painted artwork, the Mother India poster stands out as the most iconic of all hand painted old Bollywood movie posters ever designed in Indian cinema.
Featured here for sale is a rare surviving original first print poster of the greatest Bollywood film ever made in Indian cinema, Sholay.
Printed and circulated during the first release of Sholay (somewhere in the mid 1970s), this vintage hand painted Bollywood movie poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This is an actual publicity poster from the era that the film was first released in, i.e. 1975. This old Bollywood movie poster was originally designed on a hand painted canvas by one of the most sought after Hindi film poster artists/painters, C. Mohan, making it highly collectible.
The poster bears the signature style of C. Mohan’s brilliance, with superbly hand painted passport styled portraits of the lead actors on the top. In the design of this old Bollywood movie poster, C. Mohan capitalizes on the two USPs of the film, the first being its impressive star cast with an announcement marked in bold on the top that says: “The greatest star-cast ever assembled!” and the second its epic storyline, with an announcement that reads: “The greatest story ever told!”
Bollywood movie poster painter C. Mohan focuses on typography by giving maximum prominence to the title of the film, which appears in a brilliant 3D styled font engulfed in flames. C. Mohan’s original signature is clearly seen on the bottom right hand corner of this authentic old movie poster.
Sholay is the highest grossing film of all time in Indian cinema and unanimously regarded as the greatest film ever made in Bollywood. Declared as the “Film of the Millennium” by BBC India in 1999, Sholay is an unforgettable classic that has become almost synonymous with ‘masala’ in Indian cinema. Its characters such as Jai, Veeru, Basanti, Thakur & Gabbar Singh have been etched into history. The film has an unbeaten record for running for over five consecutive years after being released. A 3-D version of this film was released in January 2014. Sholay enjoys a cult following in India and its dialogues are often quoted in various media.
This is an actual surviving old Indian movie poster for sale of the 1974 comedy drama that starred the most successful playback singer in Indian cinema, Kishore Kumar in the lead role. The film was directed by Kishore Kumar himself and he even composed its music.
This vintage Indian movie poster has been professionally restored by an expert paper archivist. It has been backed on cotton using a thorough acid-free conservation and restoration process and comes with a preservation guarantee.
Badhti Ka Naam Dadhi also starred Kishore Kumar’s elder brother Ashok Kumar. K.N. Singh, I.S. Johar, Rajesh Khanna, Asrani and Bindu played supporting roles in the film.
The film revolved around a hilarious plot wherein a multimillionaire decides to leave his entire wealth to the person who has the longest beard.
Kishore Kumar is considered as one of the most versatile personalities of Bollywood – he was a playback singer, an actor, a lyricist, a music composer, a producer, a director and a screenwriter, making this old Indian poster highly collectible!
Printed and circulated during the original first release of the film (somewhere in the early 1970s), this old Kishore Kumar movie poster was printed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This old Kishore Kumar movie poster was originally designed in hand painted oil on canvas format by one of the best Bollywood poster painters of his time, V.G. Parchure. The printed signature of Bollywood poster artist V.G. Parchure is seen in the name of his art studio, i.e. “Pamart” on the bottom right of this Kishore Kumar movie poster.
This stunning minimalist Bollywood poster captures actor Kishore Kumar in a hilarious avatar. Set against a green background, the title of the film appears in interesting typography in red at the bottom.
This is an actual surviving poster of the 1984 film that featured Rajesh Khanna, known as the original (first) superstar of Indian cinema, in the lead role. Printed and circulated somewhere during the release of the film, this hand painted vintage Bollywood poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This poster was originally designed on a hand painted canvas by a small time art studio in Kolkata, making it very collectable.
The poster features a hand painted portrait of Rajesh Khanna alongside the two leading actresses of the film, Sridevi and Jayapradha. The second lead actor of the film, Jeetendra is pictured prominently on the top. The typography used in this poster is Devanagari Hindi.
Maqsad sometimes spelled as Maksad (Aim) is a 1984 Hindi film featuring Rajesh Khanna, Jeetendra, Jaya Prada and Sridevi in the lead roles. This was the third straight movie with Rajesh Khanna and Jeetendra starring together in the lead roles. The film is a remake of the Telugu movie Mundadugu (1983). It was the second highest grosser at the box office in 1984. Amjad Khan, known as Bollywood’s greatest villain, plays a comedian in this film.
This is an actual surviving vintage poster of the 1958 film that featured the most beautiful actress in Indian cinema, Madhubala in the lead role opposite Bharat Bhushan.
Printed and circulated somewhere after the release of the film (1960s), this old hand drawn cinema poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This poster was originally designed on a hand painted canvas by a poster design studio in Mumbai, making it highly collectible. The Bollywood poster artist has chosen unnaturally bright colors to depict the lead couple on the poster. Madhubala and Bharat Bhushan are seen in an almost psychedelic avatar. The typography used in this poster is completely in English with the title translated into Devanagari Hindi.
Phagun is a 1958 Hindi film starring Madhubala and Bharat Bhushan in lead roles. Madhubala is considered the finest actress in Indian cinema. She is widely remembered as the first Indian actress to gain cult popularity outside India – appearing in an American magazine article entitled “The Biggest Star in the World – and she’s not in Beverly Hills.”
Madhubala appeared in over seventy films throughout her career and is routinely compared to Marilyn Monroe, having a similarly iconic position in Indian film history.
This is an actual surviving poster of the super hit classic Shahenshah that featured the angry young man of Indian cinema, Amitabh Bachchan in a superhero avatar. Printed and circulated somewhere during the release of the film, this quirky, hand drawn old Bollywood movie poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This poster was originally designed on a hand painted canvas by a small time art studio in Kolkata, giving it a very quirky hand drawn appearance. The poster features the film’s title in three different languages at the bottom, including two regional – Hindi & Bengali.
This quirky, hand drawn old Indian cinema poster is in absolutely top notch condition, with the exception of slight discoloration of the paper.
Shahenshah (translated as Emperor) is a 1988 Bollywood superhero film starring Amitabh Bachchan in the title role. Produced and directed by Tinnu Anand, the film marked Amitabh Bachchan’s comeback after a three year break during which he had entered politics. The film went on to become a super hit and is widely regarded today as one of the most memorable superhero films ever made in Bollywood. Amitabh Bachchan’s Shahenshah costume is remembered till today, as is his unforgettable dialogue in the film, “Risthey Mein Toh Hum Tumhare Baap Lagte Hain, Naam Hai Shahenshah.”
This is an actual surviving Bollywood poster of the 1990 Hindi film written, produced and directed by Dnyandeo Aroskar that starred Vinay Apte, Dnyanadeo Aroskar and Ramesh Bhatkar in lead roles.
Printed and circulated during the original first release of the film (somewhere in the late 1980s / early 1990s), this Bollywood poster for sale was designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used.
This Bollywood poster was originally designed on a canvas board using a combination of both hand painted artwork as well as still photographic collage. The lead protagonist of the film is seen in a brilliant hand painted portrait prominently in the center of this Bollywood poster wielding the infamous “Rampuri” knife. The knife appears blood stained.
A collage of still photographs of the lead actors is seen at the bottom of the Bollywood poster. The title of the film appears in white over splattered blood, giving away the violent plot. An announcement on the left of this Bollywood poster for sale reads, “A violent story of Bombay Gang War.”
Featured here for sale is a poster of the iconic 1995 film Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (DDLJ) directed by débutante director Aditya Chopra starring superstar Shahrukh Khan (SRK) along with Kajol in lead roles.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (DDLJ) is an all-time blockbuster and remains the longest running film in the history of Indian cinema. In 2014, the film completed a milestone of 1000 weeks at the Maratha Mandir theatre in Mumbai – a full 20 years after its first release!
DDLJ’s epic success has ensured it continues to find a place on the “Movies You Must See Before You Die” list, making this DDLJ movie poster, highly collectible!
Printed and circulated nearly two decades after the first release of the film (2000s), this Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge movie poster was originally designed and printed for publicity of a more recent screening of the film but never ended up being used.
Shahrukh Khan (SRK) and Kajol are seen in a passionate embrace in this Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge poster. This SRK and Kajol picture has reached cult status over the years and is instantly recognizable today as a memorable still from the film.
Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge (DDLJ) is considered as one of the biggest Bollywood hits ever made in Indian cinema. It boasts of 10 Filmfare Awards, the most ever won by a single film at the time as well as a National Film Award. Produced by the King of Bollywood romance Yash Chopra, DDLJ was released on the 25th anniversary (silver jubilee) of Yash Raj Films.
This is an actual surviving vintage Bollywood poster for sale of the 1973 Hindi war movie that was directed by Chetan Anand starring Raaj Kumar in the lead role.
Hindustan Ki Kasam was a Bollywood war movie based on “Operation Cactus Lilly” of the Indo-Pakistan War of 1971.
Hindustan Ki Kasam is one of the few Bollywood war movies ever made that focus on the role of the Indian Air Force (IAF) in the 1971 Indo-Pakistan war, making this old school Bollywood poster for sale highly collectible.
The film is fondly remembered for its opening scene that shows an air raid by Pakistan Air Force (PAF) on an Indian Air Force (IAF) airbase. After the raid Raaj Kumar, an air force pilot, takes an oath while standing near the body of his fallen wingman, “Jawab Dene Aaunga, Is Jawan Ki Kasam, Hindustan Ki Kasam” (I will come to give you a reply; I swear by this fallen soldier; I swear by Hindustan). It was after this key opening scene that the credits of the film appeared with the title song playing in the background.
This vintage Bollywood poster was designed and printed for publicity of the film a few years after its original release (somewhere in the late 1970s) but never ended up being used.
This old school Bollywood poster for sale was designed by a small time art studio in Delhi. Originally hand painted on canvas, the poster captures the hero of the film, Raaj Kumar brilliantly in three different portraits. Machine guns, tanks, helicopters and anti aircraft missiles are seen in the background of this old school Bollywood poster for sale.
This is an actual surviving Shahrukh Khan poster of the 2010 Hindi movie My Name Is Khan that featured the “King of Bollywood” in the lead role opposite actress Kajol.
Directed by Karan Johar, My Name Is Khan was distributed by FOX Star Entertainment. FOX purchased the rights for the film for a whopping 1 billion rupees, making it one of the most expensive distribution deals in the history of Indian cinema in the year 2010.
My Name Is Khan reunited Bollywood's most successful couple, Shahrukh Khan and Kajol after a gap of nearly a decade. The two had last appeared together in Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham in 2001.
Upon its release, the film broke many box office records. My Name Is Khan was the highest-grossing Bollywood film overseas at the time of its release, making this Shahrukh Khan poster, highly collectible!
Printed and circulated during the first release run of the film, this glossy My Name Is Khan poster was originally designed for publicity of the film but never ended up being used. Shahrukh Khan and Kajol are seen in a close up on the top of this My Name Is Khan poster. An iconic still photograph of Shah Rukh Khan standing near a freeway is seen at the bottom.
My Name Is Khan was promoted in a manner previously unseen for an Indian film. It was screened as part of the 60th Berlin International Film Festival's Official Selection in February 2010. Tickets for the film's screening at the festival reportedly fetched record prices of £1,000 GBP each, selling out completely in seconds. In February 2010, Shah Rukh Khan and Kajol became the first Indian movie stars to ring the opening bell of the New York stock exchange NASDAQ.
My Name Is Khan broke the four-year record of Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna (KANK), and became the highest grossing Bollywood film in the UK. The film received numerous awards including Best Director (Karan Johar), Best Actor (Shahrukh Khan) and Best Actress (Kajol) at the 2011 Filmfare Awards.
The soundtrack of the film became a rage throughout the nation. Songs like “Tere Naina” are fondly remembered and played till today.
Scholar, Writer, Mother, Dreamer. Editor of Luminarium, an online library for English Literature of the Middle Ages and Renaissance.
I was appalled to find out you sell a book promoting pedophilia in your Kindle store. The book in question is The Pedophile's Guide to Love and Pleasure by Phillip R Greaves II. I immediately called customer service (1-800-201-7575) to complain, and the first customer service representative was appalled right along with me. I was sent an email saying Amazon is looking into the matter and I will be notified of developments.
Some hours later, I called again. This customer service representative said "Amazon has a policy of non-censorship." I answered her that, while the First Amendment protects the author's right to say, write, and even publish his thoughts, the First Amendment makes no requirement for booksellers to sell any given book.
Booksellers have free reign in what they choose or do not choose to sell. There are many books on, for example, Medieval Literature which Amazon does not carry, not because they are offensive or poor in quality, but simply because they are not found appealing or marketable. Nobody is raising a question of censorship in that case. A bookseller can choose not to stock his shelves with books on birds, if he finds birds repulsive. Or he can choose not to order a book on Linguistics, if he thinks it is not interesting or will not sell. Similarly, a bookseller has the right to not order books he personally finds offensive. There is no law, no amendment to the Constitution that requires a bookseller to sell every book ever published.
By Amazon.com not pulling the book in question off their shelves means implicit endorsement of the subject matter. It means this bookseller, Amazon.com, finds some merit in the book; does not find it morally repugnant.
Thus, it begs the question: would Amazon.com similarly choose to offer for sale books with titles such as "How to Torture Animals: Step-by-Step Instructional Manual", "Serial Killer 101", "The Rapist's Guide: How to Excel", or "School Shootings: How to Kill as Many People as Possible in the Least Amount of Time"? If someone wanted to self-publish such titles through Amazon Kindle, would Amazon just shrug and say "We don't want to be accused of censorship", as they have so far done in the case of "The Pedophile's Guide", or would Amazon actually show some ethical backbone?
I have been an Amazon.com customer since the first day Amazon opened its website over a decade ago. I buy everything from books to Kindle books, from shower heads to decalcifiers for my coffee maker, from birthday presents to Christmas presents. I've been part of Amazon Prime from almost its inception and our family spends hundreds, some years thousands, of dollars through Amazon.com. Currently, even my entire baby registry is through Amazon. Please feel free to check my purchase history for the last decade.
I am distressed and grieved that Amazon would hesitate for a minute to pull this title. Where does it say it is acceptable in the name of profit to throw ethics and basic human decency out the window?
Immediately after posting, I sent this over to Amazon as an email. When I got back from getting groceries, I had a reply awaiting. Here it is in its entirety:
As a retailer, our goal is to provide customers with the broadest selection possible so they can find, discover, and buy any item they might be seeking. That selection includes some items which many people may find objectionable. Therefore, the items offered on our website represent a wide spectrum of opinions on a variety of topics.
Let me assure you that Amazon.com does not support or promote hatred or criminal acts; we do support the right of every individual to make their own purchasing decisions.
Amazon.com believes it is censorship not to sell certain titles because we believe their message is objectionable. Therefore, we'll continue to make controversial works available in the United States and everywhere else, except where they're prohibited by law. We also allow readers, authors, and publishers to express their views freely about these titles and other products we offer on our website. However, Amazon.com doesn't endorse opinions expressed by individual authors, musical artists, or filmmakers.
We value all feedback from our customers, and I thank you again for taking the time to send us your comments about this issue. Although we won't be able to comment further on this topic, we hope you'll allow us to continue to serve you.
Your reply is a form letter and it is woefully inadequate. It does not respond to the specific points I've brought up in my letter to Amazon (see http://alaydhien.blogspot.com/2010/11/open-letter-to-amazoncom-re-pedophiles.html). This is not a case of "gray area" or run-of-the-mill objectionable or offensive content. This is content that directly promotes crimes against children. This is a black or white issue and as such there are only two options here: 1) Amazon keeps selling it, which means Amazon thinks promoting child rape is acceptable; 2) Amazon pulls it, thereby clarifying its position and sending a message saying child rape is not right. How does your CEO, Jeff Bezos, feel about this matter? Are all the stockholders also quite alright with Amazon selling a book that is a guidebook on how to successfully rape children?
Amazon terminated the customer service email thread. I called them again just now and spoke with two people. The first was a woman who had no idea such a book was being sold by Amazon and who was, understandably, horrified. She transferred me to the Kindle department. The gentleman told me he was not allowed to say anything more than what Amazon had released in their formal statement (which is nearly verbatim to the email they sent me). See MSNBC's article:
He made it clear no further statement would be made by Amazon, but agreed to forward my further complaints.
I have removed my baby registry from Amazon.com. I can't have people purchasing gifts for my baby from a company who at the same time sells a book on how to molest that same baby. This whole thing makes me want to vomit.
Amazon has quietly made the page for the book unavailable through either direct link or through their internal search engine, on both the US and UK sites.
I'm right behind you with this one, as are many of my friends. Its a disgusting lack of responsibility on Amazon's behalf, and I can not begin to fathom the author's motivations.
First, ridiculous argument on their part. Amazon.com is not the library. They're in it for profit. They are not obligated to carry the book. Second, I hope this book isn't in the library. Third, I can't believe my novel is unpublished but this one makes it past somebody. And, four: Amazon sells decalcifiers? Who knew?
"Serial Killer 101" pretty much DOES exist. It's a book called "Hit Man: A Technical Manual for Independent Contractors" and Amazon sells it.
Whatever you may think of their decisions on offering either of these books, they ARE being consistent.
And Ro, I WISH libraries were required to carry books. You can't get my Kensington Aphrodisia release in most libraries. You CAN get it at Amazon.
It is not exactly equivalent. In the US, the laws traditionally protect minors. While there is no applicable law in this case (for all I know, not being a lawyer myself), there is a difference between a hitman manual and a manual promoting child rape. It is to be assumed a hitman will be targeting adults, whereas a pedophile targets minors.
Anniina, if you can produce one US statute, federal or state, that prohibits the production, sale, or distribution of books that promote child rape, I will be happy to cede the point to you. I do not, however, believe there are any. Child pornography is illegal, but only visual images of children engaged in sexual acts are considered child pornography. This book, appalling as it may be, is NOT by its own description child pornography, and therefore, I doubt it illegal under any US statute. The author MIGHT be prosecuted as a co-conspirator or instigator if someone being prosecuted for child rape claimed the book instigated or guided his actions. But that can only happen after the act. In the US, we almost never prosecute ideas, but actions. Even when children are involved.
By the way, I find your contention that a manual promoting murder is okay because the intended targets would likely be adults and it's somehow more acceptable to murder grown-ups than it is to have sex with children to be almost as appalling as the book we're discussing. Are you honestly telling me it's WORSE for your husband to be murdered than for your child to molested? Seriously.
Finally, all this shitstorm has done thus far is to propel this book from a rank of about 154,000 in the Kindle store to 825 (and climbing). Good job, people.
I never claimed that it was illegal to publish or sell the book, not in my post nor in my response to you. Quite the contrary, in fact, if you reread what I wrote. I'm the first to speak for First Amendment rights. I said explicitly that he has the write to say it, think it, write it, publish it. But I also said that Amazon has the right to choose not to sell it--no law compels them to sell it. As such, it is Amazon's CHOICE to sell it, and a repulsive choice it is.
I was further not saying a manual promoting murder was alright. I was only saying that traditionally we, as a country, are more protective of the rights of minors than those of adults. Any manual promoting violence against anyone is to be condemned, but Amazon gets extra sleeze points for selling one that advocates violence against children.
The simple fact is, if the Internet hadn't collectively decided to freak out about it, this book would have remained in total obscurity and eventually been removed by the author when it didn't sell enough. It was only stumbling upon it and then everyone freaking out that caused the book's visibility to rise. This book won't turn anyone into a pedophile. And probably most pedophiles aren't literate to begin with (The author can't even spell "lighter" in the description.)
If anything, the existence of this book makes HIM and whatever his proclivities may be, easier to sniff out by the FBI by leaving it up. Any pedo who DOES read it and emails him... there's some more evidence for the FBI to find more pedos.
If a book like this gets banned, it sets a precedent so anything most people don't like and complain loudly enough about, could get banned.
Nobody is calling for it to get banned. Only for Amazon.com to stop selling it. He can still publish it and sell it on street corners to his heart's content, as per the rights the First Amendment guarantees him.
You're right, you did say there wasn't a law that bans this book (and I apologize for missing that when I initially read your comment).
Amazon's stance, however, is that it is not an arbiter of taste or morality for its customers. And as Zoe said, if no one had flipped out over it, the book would likely have remained in security.
while i see Jackie barbosa's point (the book would have remained obscure had no-one ever complained about it - as in: a bad ad is better than none)
I find the book very... objectionable. It's as if they're promoting pedophilia. Good thing that the customer service call center agents from Amazon did their job quickly. So much has happened in just 2 days. As a customer of Amazon just like you, I'm satisfied because they worked on this issue fast. More power to you, and let's hope that Amazon wouldn't sell anything like that anymore.
Isn't this the same as child pornography? It achieves the same purpose anyway... I'm sure not going to deal with Amazon anymore. I can't believe that it took this much for them to remove it!
1 BHK flats iavailable in a new construction project in Vasai west. The project is by one of the best builders in Vasai west. The location is at a distance of 10 minutes walking distance from Vasai railway station. Total area of the flat is 640 square feet out of which 415 square feet is the carpet area. The project has been approved by VVMC and OC is available. There are under construction and ready to move flats available in this project. Currently available at a reduced price of only 23 Lakhs.
The property is closely connected to all facilities like schools, Local market, Departmental stores, Bank, ATM, Hospitals, And entertainment facilities like restaurants, Hotels, Malls, Theaters etc; The location serves in providing all basic amenities within its 5 km radius. Loan facility is available from all leading banks.
Hi bro, welcome to my website. My name is Kutuk, we have many collection of Incident hazard report form template pictures that collected by Admin of Jadwalmotogp.id from arround the internet.
The rights of images and other materials found in Jadwalmotogp.id are not Jadwalmotogp.id's property, remains to its respective owner's
Good day friend, My name is Kutuk. Welcome to my blog, we have many collection of Resume template basic pictures that collected by Jadwalmotogp.id from arround the internet
Job offer letter sample pdf Posted in andessproutssociety.us. If you want to use job offer letter sample pdf , take your time and find the best images and pictures posted here that suitable with your needs and use it for your own collection and personal use only.
Job offer letter sample pdf is one of awesome image reference about designs and ideas. We present this image with the very best to you which will make you comfortable and give you many details idea of job offer letter sample pdf.
There are so many design and ideas in the post job offer letter sample pdf that you can find, you can find amazing ideas in the gallery.
Note: We have many more pieces of pottery and artists in our gallery than are featured on our web site. This web site is updated daily with some of our recent arrivals. If we do not have what you are looking for online, we may have it in the gallery. Please E-Mail us or call us at (505) 986-1234.
Nutrisystem WARNING: Do Not Buy Nutrisystem Until You Read This Review.Long hours of sitting at work also increased the risk of obesity and diabetes. Furthermore, staying active does not mitigate the harmful effects of sit time.
How to trade long term binary options and hedge positions The fact that I was almost 200 lbs in weight did not help me to develop self-confidence at school, mostly.The NutriSystem dietary program is low in carbohydrates and rich in protein.Nutrisystem Diabetic Reviews The ingredients do not include hydrogenated saturated fat oils insects term. in the long conduct.Initially positive results from following the meal plans may be a short-term fix if you don.
The commercial never tells us how long it took for her to lose. The same program is also outlined in the book NutriSystem Nourish:. but the long-term effects of eating premeasured,. and activity level should work just fine.
I Am Too Young to Need Long Term Care. Long. as well as the largest employer-sponsored long term care.Be Careful Betting On A New Day At Nutrisystem. Sep.12.14. About: Nutrisystem Inc (NTRI) George Hanley. Long only.I always eat breakfast as well as lunch at work,. have also been added to make the program more well-rounded and allow for long-term.
People could read this in-depth Nutrisystem reviews article to find out how.Nutrisystem Celebrity Diet Review. no one is going to stay long term on any weight loss plan if they are having a.
But proving a diet can deliver weight loss over the long term. behavior-modification approach that may be better for people who work well.Fast Facts About Nutrisystem My Way and. evidence which suggests that a key predictor of long-term weight loss. worth it if you can make it work.
Cutting calories through dietary changes seems to promote weight loss more effectively than does exercise and. and keep it off over the long term get regular.Of the Most Common Weight-loss Programs, Weight Watchers, Jenny Craig, Nutrisystem, and Medifast,. and the long-term results available through studies.Does Dr Oz Garcinia Cambogia Diet Work - How Long Does It Take To Lose 30.
Weight lost on a prior program.I did work myself up on the treadmill 10.The Nutrisystem Diet Plan. found that people whose weight fluctuates early in a weight loss program have worse long-term.
Is a Cambridge based company servicing the Waikato area, specializing in building quality new homes from a standard home to an architecturally designed home.
We pride ourselves on our excellent working relationships with contractors and customers, great customer service with exceptional communication and a fully transparent building process. We strive to achieve complete customer satisfaction exceeding all your expectations from start to finish.
GD Pringle Building Ltd uses quality materials and contractors through every stage to ensure zero defects. When you build with GD Pringle Building Ltd you are investing in quality where it counts the most.
Peregrine Outdoor Products was founded in 2009 by a group of avid sportsmen and outdoor enthusiasts with the revolutionary Quick-Shot shotgun and rifle holster as the flagship product. In 2014, Peregrine acquired the MizMac, Classy Clays and Wild Hare brands of products along with many of the e-commerce stores seen on this site. In September 2014, Peregrine launched the Peregrine Family of Stores that brought together Trap Happens, Sport Shooting Supply, Classic Upland Supply, Gear Up To Hunt, Peregrine Field Gear, MizMac Designs and Wild Hare Shooting Gear. Now our customers are able to freely shop among all stores simultaneously to find all the products they may need for their sporting endeavors.
At Peregrine Outdoor Products, our goal is to bring our customers innovative and high quality products that help them better enjoy their outdoor experience. If the right product for the job already exists, we will find it. If not, we are likely working to design a solution ourselves. All of our Peregrine Field Gear, MizMac, Classy Clays and Wild Hare products are proudly manufactured by Peregrine Outdoor Products and are backed by our 100% "no questions asked" satisfaction guarantee. In addition, we value our customers' feedback and we try to incorporate their suggestions for product improvements as soon as possible. If you have an idea for a new product, we would love to hear about it.
Having a plan is one of the most important steps you can take in disaster preparedness. Knowing what to do and how to do it can help your family manage disasters with less worry, fear, and uncertainty.
Choose a place away from your neighborhood where family members can meet in case you are separated and cannot return home due to a disaster
Identify a friend or relative who lives out of the area for family members to contact if you are separated
Investing in a modern credit card reader for your business company is a smart move! Here are the most popular mobile credit card readers and processing solutions for you to consider!
Mobile credit card processing allows you to process credit and debit card payments on-the-go by utilizing a mobile credit card reader device connected to a tablet or smartphone. There are different mobile payments solutions – some are stand-alone and some require extra payment services.
Investing in a modern credit card reader for your business company is a smart move as you will give your customers and potential buyers more payment options. The truth is that we live in a world where everything is becoming digital and it would really frustrate your customers and buyers if you don’t respect their needs and you are still living in the old cash era. We should thank the modern technology that has created a plethora of mobile credit card readers ad lest us to collect and complete a payment while on-the-go.
Most mobile credit card readers provide payment processing with already determined fees, inventory management tools, and Point of Sale software or POS systems. Your smartphone can handle now all the payment processing which will make it more convenient and easy for your buyers to pay for the products and services they are interested in buying.
In this article, we will discuss the most popular mobile credit card readers and processing solutions you should consider:
Square – This is without a doubt the best mobile credit card reader on the market, suitable for small and new businesses and startups. The best thing about this processing choice is that it has no cancellation, startup or monthly fees which means it is totally risk-free to try out. If you decide to sign up, you will get a free magstripe reader, as well as, a reader for processing chip card and eWallet payments. The price if $49. By using this device, you can sell absolutely everywhere, in-store or online with affordable credit card processing rates. This is the simplest, fastest, and cheapest method for small businesses and startups to start accepting credit card payments.
PayPal Here – This is the best mobile credit card reader processor for all PayPal users. This solution is also suitable for businesses that are new to credit card processing. PayPal Here offers a more robust and unique set of free business management tools. Another great thing about this solution is that PayPal is widely recognized so when potential customers walk in your store and see the PayPal Here credit card reader, they will be 100% secure that their data is secured through the best PayPal’s PCI compliant system.
Shopify POS – This is considered to be the best mobile credit card reader for multichannel sellers. This processor delivers a great mix of online, mobile and in-store selling tools and features with absolutely every plan. The basic plan starts at $9 per month which is quite affordable, even for small businesses and startups. If you want to accept mobile credit and debit card payments and you are also selling on your ecommerce store, blog or social media platforms, this is without a doubt the perfect solution for you. Shopify POS will provide you with a full-featured mobile Point of Sales, inventory management tools, several online selling options, shipping functions, a Facebook shop integration, and much more for less than $10. The best thing is that you only need to sign up and start accepting credit cards in just a few minutes, get your mobile reader, and take advantage of the device. There are no cancellation or startup fees.
Square, PayPal Here, and Shopify POS handle mobile payments professionally, however, they differ in ways that really matter depending on your needs and on the direction you want your business to develop and grow.
This sample is part of the -Pad 009 – Bending Hypnosis- sample pack. Metallic sweep pad. The pack consists of
The dating site is considered one of the best for singles with busy careers and also want a deep and long-lasting relationship. Bumble empowers women
It is committed to providing guests with a positive experience thanks to its commendable service and good value. Treetops Executive Residences, this neighbourhood is a
So you can be sure that our dating sites: Only have real profiles coming from real people, as fake profiles will be deleted; Are free
It&apos;s now my home Moved here for work and I&apos;m still doing the same job. The, house of Daniel played in, eugene on July 27
This is often the whole driven to the celebrities trilogy, elements I, II, and III. the adventure takes our heroes from Earth to colonize numerous planetary structures and fend off assaults from a number of alien species. simply as in the world, it’s difficult to understand who your pals are in space.
This hair was everything I could have asked for! Not only is it incredibly affordable, but it looked beautiful and realistic ,definitely not overly-shiny or dull.
I¡äm really satisfied with my extensions! These extension look like they are my own hair when wearing them. And the delivery was really fast! This was a good deal. .
Accurate description, this red hair extension looks good. Will be buying from you again thanks! you!
Just received both sets I ordered,within one day and that's regular shipping! Satisfied completely! The color is a bit off, but it's nothing I can't work with.
Hair is beautiful! Very soft! Shipping was fast. this is some good hair for a great price. I highly recommend this vendor. I will buy from sunny queen hair again.
Hair is of excellent quality!! I LOVE IT! It's soft, no funny smell, very little shedding during the bleaching process. Delivery was extremely fast! You've got a lifetime customer here!!!
Yipeeee i scored 9 amnd half in my project actually the way i was speaking my maam cut half mark for that.
HINDI KUNJ KE DWARA MUHABARA PADNE KO MILE , JO KI BAHUT HI ACHCHHE ACHCHHE HAI . MUHABARON KE LIYE HINDI KUNJ EDITOR'S TEAM KO BAHUT BAHUT DHANYABAAD ,,,,,
* Prices may change without notice. Please note that the prices appearing on our web pages are valid for products purchased online only. This pricing does not necessarily reflect the prices at the State and National Shows or in our catalog. Prices appearing here are subject to change at any time and are subject to availability. Many of our items are one of a kind or limited editions. All prices listed are in U.S. Dollars.
The following classification(s) are correct to the best of our knowledge, with the help of the "Audubon Society Encyclopedia of Animal Life", "Webster's New World Dictionary" and The National Button Society "Official NBS Classification System" 2015 Edition.
Pangolin 1-1/4 Dia Paper Mache hand painted in Russia sought afer for its scales becoming endangered
This indicator is available in the following set of views in the "By topic" section of the Global Health Observatory. These links will open a new browser tab or window onto the selected view.
My name is Shumella ,I'm from india however I base in the Dubai ,Am attractive and insightful Independent Escorts in Deira with an exquisite identity. I'm well disposed, carefree and exceptionally receptive extravagance excitement woman
,I'm from Pakistan ,Now I base in the Dubai ,Am attractive and insightful Independent Escort in Dubai with an exquisite identity. I give overall friendship an agreeable and critical air for the two of us.
I'm Sonia from india ,Am attractive and insightful Independent Escort in Dubai with an exquisite identity. I'm well disposed, carefree and exceptionally receptive extravagance excitement woman. I give overall friendship an agreeable and critical air for the two of us.
Naila Independent Escort. Am attractive and insightful Independent Dubai Escort with an exquisite identity. I'm well disposed, carefree and exceptionally receptive extravagance excitement woman. I give overall friendship an agreeable and critical air for the two of us.
Am Sobia attractive and insightful Independent Dubai Escort with an exquisite identity. I'm well disposed, carefree and exceptionally receptive extravagance excitement woman. I give overall friendship an agreeable and critical air for the two of us
My Name is Alia ,23 yrs old Dubai High Independent Escorts in Dubai , I am astoundingly sweet and attractive! I have a pretty face! My body is tanned and fit with consummate stick up young lady!
Neha Independent Dubai Escort I have a pretty face! My body is tanned and fit with consummate stick up young lady! furthermore, I have some good times identity! What you see is the thing that you get AND MORE or deny me at the entryway
Hello. I think that i saw you visited my blog so i got here to? go back the desire? I am attempting to in finding things to enhance my website! I assume its adequate to use some of your ideas !
Lifestyle Magazine India; Lifestyle is a elite magazine circulated to the elite at page3 parties. Lifestyle Magazine also circulated to the elite at clubs, lounge bars etc.
Welcome to the Best writer Review, Here you can get the best All Assignment Help reviews sites. We strongly urge you to check our entire website once and we will assure you will find this review website very useful. Our hard work will be rewarded if students like you will appreciate our effort and spread the message about this site with your class-fellows and friends.
I found a lot of information here! This article is really good for all newbie here. Thank you for sharing with us!
The right email signature format can make a killer first impression that can make a huge impact.Your email is valuable for the recipients already so they do want to know who you are. Thus your signature becomes an important communication channel email signature design
To make our guides we use the content that is freely available. We believe in open content. Wikitravel, Wikipedia, World66 and Openstreetmap are among the best resources for any traveler. Our mission is to make that content relevant for you. So we mix and mash and annotate - and we distill great, relevant travel guides out of it.
Download our iOS travel guide from the Appstore or get the Android guide from Google play and try them out. They're really great!
With most special releases that we create here we try to retain the ’44′ somewhere. Be it an affordable £44 edition or a limited run of forty four prints. Niels really embraced the idea spinning the dynamic of our releases on it’s head. The edition would become the piece. The result was an incredibly varied [...]
We’re incredibly excited to welcome Niels Shoe Meulman to Unit44. On the back of an incredible project with the Lindisfarne Gospels in Durham. Painting several location across the region we welcome him to end his visit here in the North East. On display we will be showcasing a huge canvas work by the artist accompanied [...]
INSA | Newcastle INSA Lightbox installation reveals the latest project from those behind Unit44. MSA (Music Slash Art). By day representative of INSA’s signature pattern and rainbow colour fade however by night illuminated giving a translucent glow.
We received a super limited number of the new Eelus edition. Safe to say they didn’t stay around for long. We of course kept one for the gallery collection and asked David to take a closer look.
We turned our attention towards the new FAILE screen print this week. Having spent a week on the flat bed this monster of a piece was subjected to investigation by Billy and a roll of film. Now it doesn’t take much for us to get excited by FAILE, we’re huge fans and keep coming back for more. However this [...]
Every year we try to go bigger in what we do here at Unit44. So when talk of collaborating with Kid Acne and Unknown Festival in Croatia we leaped on the opportunity. Never before have we found a festival so true to our own brand ideals, music policy, and artistic production. Safe to say we were sold. [...]
After taking a couple of days to allow the dust to settle we emerge from the Dark. It’s been by far the most humbling experience we have had here at Unit44 with so much support from all around us. See below some photos from the event, and some closer looks at the work will follow [...]
We’re happy to have a special consignment of the new books by Phlegm in the gallery. No inflated price and with a signature from the man himself. However limited numbers. http://www.unit-44.com/gallery/phlegm-book-of-pen-ink-c95
Tomorrow the culmination of eight months work comes to fruition. With twelve artists from around the globe being showcased in a completely bespoke setting we take a select few Into The Dark. Now all the tickets have gone for this event but we have some limited spaces still available throughout the day with press and sponsors. Please [...]
Blessèd Calvary I look at the cross upon Calvary, And oh, what a wonder divine, To think of the wealth it holds for me— The riches of Heaven are mine. Refrain Blessèd Calvary! Precious Calvary! ’Neath thy shadow I’ll ever abide. Blessèd Calvary! Precious Calvary! ’Twas there Jesus suffered and died. I find at the cross blessèd victory, And grace for each step of my way. The fount of God’s love is flowing free, And sweeter it grows day by day. Refrain The cross is my hope for eternity, No merit have I of my own; The shed blood of Christ my only plea— My trust is in Jesus alone. Refrain
MTS has all free content, all the time. Find out how YOU can help to keep it running. Tell me how...
View: This list is sorted by latest uploaded. For latest updates (all), click here, or click here (files only)
A spreadsheet tool to support an economy based gameplay as well as tracking business details. more...
About Since I've installed UC it seems as though every time I start the game Origin thinks my more...
The distant location of vehicle / train can be checked / traced by this simple technique using RF modules with data encoders and decoders. . Items Used: - Wood, cardboard, paper, electrical, electronic, mechanical Components etc.
The distant location of vehicle / train can be checked / traced by this simple technique using RF modules with data encoders and decoders. . Items Used: - Wood, cardboard, paper, electrical, electronic, mechanical Components etc. Report rough material to be mailed on request.
Melody’s PGS is a Company dedicated to the task of providing Project Guidance Services for students as well as professionals of all age. In the year 1987 the group of enthusiast and hobbyist founded the company.
since I was a little girl and I now I'm having the time of my life giving them life and colour! Art has always fascinated me and I'm finally able to combine these two passions in a very sweet and creative way. I still have a lot to learn and to practise before I can call myself a cake designer. Meanwhile, you can enjoy my sweet adventure and follow it here in this blog or in my Facebook page. It will be a pleasure to get your opinion and comments about the cakes, which will be posted after being accepted.
Everyone with an intention advertising online, whether an experienced or possibly a newbie, sees that niche websites could possibly be the path which leads to success. When properly utilized, these web sites can cause the expansion of the web business and generate considerable income.
The fact this is the new trend in internet marketing is very real. Other finance industry is inundated with offers from experienced webmasters and internet-based marketers. Most of these have this sort of strong hold on tight their markets they are considered gurus making it impossible for a new entrant to earn reasonable income. It is therefore important with the newbie to consider a distinct segment market that is yet to be saturated by longstanding gurus and grow a solid clients. If this describes done time can come when even those not used to the market industry will be considered a guru within their niche; first of all the niche websites should be established in addition to their traffic expanded. Then this prospects of achieving great profitability will increase.
System that can help ought to research for niches that do not have huge numbers of marketers. Best of all, create one for yourself. It is all about being aware your target market wants. In case you launch a new product inside a niche where people are looking however, not getting a supplier of merchandise or services, you are soon on your way success. You simply need to find such a niche making a merchandise that will see the demand which is already there.
Plan your entry in the niche. Regardless of which affiliate plan you participate in, but it's extremely important that you're planning your levels in a small manner to help you build and promote web sites. Successful planning can make right onto your pathway to profitability a whole lot of easier. A great systematic approach is really what can make you stay ahead of the other crowd swap yourself right into a successful web marketer.
Niche websites can easily make a few hundred dollars each month whenever they are established if they are run well. Which means so that you can turn into a big success you'll need a high number of niches. This can be a indisputable fact that is not lost of all niche marketers and they've several websites, each earning a small revenue stream but collectively netting huge amounts of money for your marketers.
Finding several niches and creating websites is very little problem. The nightmare comes if you want to manage them and keep their content fresh so as to keep your audience captivated. The result here is to search for other people to publish and manage the content these niche websites.
You'll find developed solid relationships . freelance content writers and website coders who can do that for you personally in a relatively small fee. After that you can get software which will be promoting your websites to suit your needs once you have configured them right. This may free up your time and energy so that you can concentrate on expanding the niches that you've identified and want to benefit from.
When you build the right website niches and run them efficiently you may be smiling all the way to the financial institution like other affiliate marketing gurus nowadays.
If you are considering having a amount of niche websites make sure to investigate whatever we have to give you. You will find a wide range of superb info on the subject.
regency furniture regency mahogany armchair antiques atlas regency furniture customer service regency furniture at bargain depot fayetteville nc 28303.
Any person which might be applying to come to be an U.S. citizen is called for to go through a migration background check. Since the Usa already has adequate problems handling its very own lawbreakers, the last point the country really wants is to allow another nations criminals right into the U.S. perimeters. To prevent this from happening the U.S. Citizenship and also Immigration Services will certainly inspect the criminal background records of any kind of applicant for UNITED STATE citizenship with the authorities responsible for maintaining that info in the applicant's residence country. In addition, the USCIS will certainly also quiz organizations like Interpol to make certain that the individual getting citizenship has no impressive rap sheet.
Since the taking place of the 9/11 bombings, these migration record searches have actually increased considerably as it had shown up that some people had slipped with the system as well as still were eligible to take part in the confines of the Usa with suspicious records.
The criminal and also terrorist record search is expanding in popularity as well as is a need to activity for any type of firm who is employing employees from one more nation. Any type of company that is intending on hiring a worker from another country will certainly be called for to have that employee undertake a record search before the issuance of their job visa into the Usa.
The immigration background examination is a means of stopping any background check undesirable site visitor from foreign soil right into the United States. While the U.S. is open to migration from practically any type of nation in the world, there is a distinction in between a potential applicant which will be a legislation following U.S. resident as well as someone who is more likely to commit a criminal activity within the united state borders.
These criminal document searches are below to remain since the 9/11 World Profession Facility Bombings and will only raise over the next few years as the U.S. government goes through as well as double checks everyone who has secured U.S. citizenship to guarantee that she or he had actually not slipped with the fractures as well as given citizenship despite having a questionable criminal history in their home country.
Copyright Disclaimer:This site does not store any files on its server. We only index and link to content provided by other sites. Please contact the content providers to delete copyright contents if any and email us, we'll remove relevant links or contents immediately.
Today, ATI has launched its new product, the Radeon HD 4890. But today is also the day for NVIDIA to launch ATI’s Radeon HD 4890 competitor, the brand new GeForce GTX 275. The GeForce GTX 275 is based on the same GPU than the GeForce GTX 295 (I didn’t say the GTX 275 has two GPUs: it’s a single GPU card: a half GTX 295).
Many Microsoft Media Center users are familiar with Big Screen Global for several popular Media Center Vista add-ons. Since Windows 7 has released, they have been working on Big Screen EPG which is being officially launched as a release version and ready for download and purchase.
Ability to import rich EPG data from any combination of XMLTV based data sources – and assign them to any Free-to-Air and PayTV Services available inside Media Center – including Terrestrial/Satellite/Cable based Digital TV (such as ATSC, DVB-T/T2, DVB-S/S2, DVB-C), Analog/CCTV Channels (PAL/NTSC/Secam) as well as IPTV Services.
Intelligent and Sophisticated Unique Program and TV Series detection features – allowing for more reliable and powerful scheduled recording in Media Center.
Automatic Series Matching and Metadata import (with inbuilt database of over 20,000+ ‘known’ TV Series) – which injects TV Series Artwork, Star-Ratings and other rich program information.
Works with Multi-Lingual EPG metadata – including support for non-latin and DBCS character sets such as Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Hebrew, Greek, Russian, Arabic, Thai and others.
For more information, read the full press release and then head over to the Big Screen Global Website
I am a very big fan of watching season shows like "Community", "Big Bang theory" which are not only funny but also discuss some humor or topics that are very intellectually stimulating as well. I also like watching comedy series "Cougar Town" and "How I Met your Mother" since they can be fun to watch especially when you had a tiring day. I can also suggest that you try looking for a season show that you will be much interested in watching for since its something you will look forward to when you sit in your comfy sofa in the evening or they can be easily downloaded through the internet if you missed an episode as well. have fun watching!
It is a wretched taste to be gratified with mediocrity when the excellent lies before us - Isaac Disraeli
Like I posted earlier, I have struggled to get through Levins book. Rosemary, what you are reading makes his book look like a primary reader The synopsis you gave is very interesting. I had no idea that Warrewn was the author of the bill of rights I will share this with my DD. She is a student of women in American history. She probably already knows this, but Ill gain brownie points with her if I look smart
As Executive Director, Gil Cates, Jr. leads the Geffen Playhouse in its mission to inform, entertain and inspire diverse audiences with live theater of the highest caliber — both within and beyond the non-profit theater’s walls. He has proudly served on the Geffen Playhouse Board since 2012. Gil’s theater credits include the award-winning Names (Matrix Theatre Company) starring Dixie Carter and Greg Mullavey and Three Sisters and David Mamet’s A Life in the Theatre (both at Syracuse Stage). Gil’s film credits include The Surface (starring Sean Astin and Geffen Playhouse alumnus Chris Mulkey), Jobs (starring Ashton Kutcher, Josh Gad, Dermot Mulroney, as well as Geffen Playhouse alumni Matthew Modine and Ron Eldard) and the 2011 feature film Lucky (starring Colin Hanks, Ari Graynor, Ann-Margret and Golden Globe winner Jeffrey Tambor). In addition, Gil produced and directed the critically acclaimed Life After Tomorrow, featuring Sarah Jessica Parker, which premiered on Showtime. His other films include Deal (starring Burt Reynolds, Bret Harrison and Charles Durning), and The Mesmerist (starring Geffen Playhouse alumnus Neil Patrick Harris). Gil’s television directorial debut was an episode of the NBC comedy Joey, starring Emmy winner Matt LeBlanc. He studied at the National Theatre Institute in Waterford, Connecticut, and holds a B.F.A. in Drama from Syracuse University.
Matt Shakman was named Artistic Director of the Geffen Playhouse in September 2017, having previously directed three highly acclaimed productions for the theater: the West Coast premiere of David Lindsay-Abaire’s Good People, the world premiere of Jeffrey Hatcher’s new adaptation of Wait Until Dark, and Joshua Harmon’s Bad Jews. His theatrical work has also been seen at Primary Stages in New York and South Coast Repertory. Matt founded and was the artistic director of the Black Dahlia Theatre in Los Angeles, which was named “one of a dozen young American companies you need to know” by American Theatre magazine and “Best Small Theatre” by Los Angeles magazine. Under his leadership, the Black Dahlia garnered numerous Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle and LA Stage Alliance nominations and awards. In 2011, the Los Angeles Drama Critics Circle awarded him the Milton Katselas Award for Career Achievement in Direction. Matt is also well-regarded for his achievements in television and film. He is a director and producer for FX’s long-running show It’s Always Sunny in Philadelphia and has directed episodes of Game of Thrones, Mad Men, Fargo and The Good Wife. His feature film debut, Cut Bank, starring John Malkovich, Billy Bob Thornton and Bruce Dern, premiered at the Toronto International and Los Angeles Film Festivals and was released by A24. Shakman is a graduate of Yale University and holds a B.A. in History of Art and Theater.
Regina Miller has advised non-profit institutions, foundations and corporations on strategy, analysis and fundraising. She has consulted for the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, Eastern Congo Initiative, Charlize Theron’s Africa Outreach Project and Kershaw’s Challenge, among others. Prior to the Geffen, Regina worked for the Simon Wiesenthal Center/Museum of Tolerance, where she produced an innovative human rights exhibition that traveled to 14 international destinations around Europe, Asia and the U.S. She also served as the Director of Partnerships for Big Brothers Big Sisters of Greater Los Angeles and the Inland Empire, where she led strategic planning and development while executing policies that advanced the organization’s visibility and growth. Additionally, Regina has a strong passion for teaching. After graduating from University of North Carolina School of the Arts, she taught in preschools and kindergartens in New York. From the age of 13, Regina worked as a professional dancer on Broadway as well as with a number of prominent modern dance ensembles. Fusing two of her interests, she created a highly successful program that incorporated dance therapy and creative movement into an early childhood curriculum as well as writing and producing a television show based on this concept. In addition to being a published author and photographer with Tallfellow Press and Prometheus Books, Regina has taught and lectured at numerous schools in New York, Los Angeles and abroad.
Behnaz Ataee is a financial professional with more than 25 years of experience in for-profit and non-profit financial management and auditing. She joined the Geffen Playhouse in 1999 and became General Manager in 2002. She was named Chief Financial Officer in 2015. Ataee began her career in the Bay Area as a partner in a small family start-up before joining FBS Management where she acted as Director of Accounting, overseeing the finances of more than 25 non-profit organizations. Ataee continued her work with non-profits as an auditor for Trump and Van Sloten CPA and then returned to the for-profit sector at Ultratech, before ultimately landing at the Geffen Playhouse. She has a Master’s degree from Pepperdine University.
Welcome to Autocade (in beta), the international, editable automotive database. It is a wiki—with a difference. It’s global, rather than geographically biased; and, we hope, more accurate than general sites such as Wikipedia, due to careful editing. It’s aimed at car enthusiasts, including the motoring press, who may want a quick reference to international models.
You can search by typing a car name into the search box at the top of the page. If the car’s not present, you’ll see a page with a link you can click to write a new article.
You can hop over to the ‘All Pages’ link to see what’s here. Some marques and nameplates are listed.
Registered users can add and edit information on cars, and all can read the content on this site. Read more about Autocade on the ‘About’ page.
If you are a parent trying to find inexpensive regional automobile insurance for your beloved teenager, or you are a teen and you're looking for cheap car insurance coverage prices estimate then you might require some assistance. Because teenagers typically drive less thoroughly and are less skilled motorists, the company or firm will always charge more for a teen's insurance coverage costs. Grownups who are first time car drivers often likewise get greater insurance quotes than those who have been already driving for a long period of time. Teenager car drivers are four times more likely to be in an auto accident than motorists that are over 18.
It is best to compare rates of insurance business in order to find the finest insurance coverage cover due to the fact that of all these factors. You could pay as much as double the insurance of older and more experienced drivers if you are not careful about the insurance coverage supplier you choose. Typically speaking, the cost of insurance coverage for brand-new car owners remain high until they remain in their mid twenties. There are a few methods to control the high expense of insurance for teenage drivers.
Possibly the most obvious method to save on insurance coverage is to simply not have your teen drive until they are older. Not surprisingly, that is not always a possible service. The insurance business will not likely consider somebody under 25 years old as a great car owner, it is really possible that you will begin seeing reducing insurance coverage costs over time.
You can also take driving courses, passing a driving course will show the insurance coverage provider that you are major about being a good car driver and result in lower insurance coverage rates for you. Insurance coverage business frequently reward their faithful clients by extending their relationship to providing lower insurance rates for the parents of teenager motorists.
There is little doubt that they will end up paying a lot for cars and truck insurance if a teenager attempts to get insurance coverage all by themselves. With a little forethought and preparation, it is possible to get a great deal for your teen vehicle driver. Encourage your teenage car driver to obtain good grades, take some driving classes and include them to your existing insurance coverage to obtain the best possible rate.
The insurance coverage business will not likely consider somebody under 25 years old as an excellent motorist, it is extremely possible that you will begin seeing reducing insurance costs over time.
You can also take driving courses, passing a driving course will show the insurance coverage supplier that you are serious about being a great motorist and outcome in lower insurance coverage rates for you. Insurance companies frequently reward their faithful clients by extending their relationship to providing lower insurance coverage rates for the parents of teen vehicle drivers.
Australia, Western Adventure With Pistoleras Online Pokie: Casino entertainment golf course public golf course is nearby. Tsar was the official title of the supreme ruler in the following states.
The statement from the reigning champions league winners read real madrid wants to express its gratitude to a player who has proven to be the top in the world and who has marked one of the greatest eras in the history of our club and of world soccer. As with most wms games on offer, you have the selection between a classic panel or a quick bet panel. There are over a dozen games in yggdrasils collection, each one with a completely unique look and feel to it. Pirates paradise slot machine features. Jackpot info for low stakes players - for a bet of just Twenty-five cents you could win a jackpot of 500. Current blacklist, writes chloe lake, technology editor for australiaa.
Hot tip - fandango 1 line slots is a Three coin slot and there is extra value in the Third coin. The rest of the symbols include lust, the 666 icon, the devil infant symbol, gluttony, pride, sloth, wrath, gravestone icon, the ace, king and queen symbol etc. The jack hammer slot has more than Twenty-seven winning combinations with different winning symbols. Offering real money gambling services categorized underinteractiveincluding games likes poker, blackjack, roulette and in play sports betting. The biggest clusters are in disadvantaged areas along the. Gambling winnings are considered a result of luck, and hence cannot be classified as income, by the australian government. Lets look at a few of these things in more detail.
Along with the game title above the reels, theres the club, heart, diamond and spade progressive jackpot values, each steadily rising as players across all egt games have a little portion of each wager added to the pot. The coin denomination can be chosen from 0. Now casino games are also available via mobile, allowing players to enjoy their favourite games on the go. If just Three bonus symbols triggered this bonus round you can win anywhere from 36x to 300x times the line bet. Jackpot coin value - the largest jackpot in the lucky ladies 88. 02 But the additional features award too many winning multipliers. Magic forest online casino pokies are quite a lot of fun for all players, and players who come to the casino to play magic forest online pokie will find that the game is more exciting than most.
On the reels to the left these properties are less attractive. Be sure to bookmark the game so you can try again later. He took a job as a part timer at william hill in 1973 as a so called saturday boy and slowly became a major player at the firm. Magic mike xxl is an aristocrat game with 5 reels and the aim of the game is to line up winning combinations to reap rich rewards for the player. Poker machines and payout percentages.
The current portfolio is made up of over 1200 of the top casino games in the business. Hot tip - there is a little extra value in the Fifth coin. Also enjoy the slots games from vegas technology. Each is guaranteed to offer you a selection of free bonus money and or free spins to play one or more of their most trendy australian casino no deposit bonus games. A icon of the hunters shack is some other symbol that isnt worth anything on its own, but it triggers Ten free spins when landing on reels Two, Three and Four at the same time. This feature awards up to Twenty-five free spins with a rolling reels feature that awards multiple consecutive winnings with up to 10x multiplier.
Operators like william hill and ladbrokes have made an argument through this public debate. Players will never feel bore at whatsoever stage of the slot while playing because there are 3 different ways to trigger the bonus features. Watermelons - 40x the players total wager. This symbol only appears on lines 1 and Five and substitues for all other symbols other than the scatter symbol. Doing so will prompt the site to give you further directions in starting the process of installing the software on your computer. The bonus symbol on the beat the bank slot game is the thief symbol. Wild symbol - the wild symbol on the dungeons and dragons crystal caverns slot game is the wild logo. Also like bearly fishing and aztec millions.
One of the most effective and simple ways you can ensure that all the things you care about, including Berkshire South Regional Community Center, last long after you have gone, is by leaving a bequest in your will. While often thought of as a “planned gift,” it is much more than that. It is a way for you to leave both a lasting legacy and to help Berkshire South continue to meet the needs of the community long into the future.
Your gift will list you in the Community Cornerstone. This enthusiastic group of individuals has spelled out their intentions and wishes in their will. While perhaps you have often thought about leaving a gift for Berkshire South, thinking without action will not make it happen. It is important that you take the steps to ensure a lasting legacy to the organizations that you care about most.
We ask you to consider including Berkshire South Regional Community Center on your list of those organizations you want to see continue its great work for generations to come.
Please consider the benefits of supporting Berkshire South through your estate plans. These donations (often called planned gifts) can offer many advantages:
Thank you for your interest in leaving a legacy to help sustain the mission of Berkshire South: to ensure rural communities have deep and sustained opportunities to connect people to people, resources to need, while discovering the power of engaging people to work tirelessly toward a goal or common purpose.
Contact our Development & Communications department at development@berkshiresouth.org or by phone at 413.528.8414.
Become more comfortable using American Sign Language in this 6 week course! Participants should have a basic knowledge of the alphabet and simple words before attending this course. With instructor Karran Larson.
Learn the basics of American Sign Language with our beginning ASL course. This course is designed to
For adults age 18+. This six-session series is intended for English speakers who are fairly comfortable with the French language and would like to expand their vocabulary, polish their speaking and listening skills, and learn more about French speaking countries and cultures. Instructor: Christophe Pichard. Minimum of 6 participants, pre-registration is required at least 48 hours in advance.
croutons; & fatayid (Lebanese pizzas). On the last Wednesday (October 17), the class will culminate with a traditional Mazza evening, by preparing the learned dishes from 5-7pm and eating together from 7-8pm. One guest per participant will be invited to enjoy Mazza on the final evening.
Sisters, Carolyn Jeffrey & Marilyn Nejaime will be teaching participants how to cook a variety of Lebanese pastries. This class will feature one pastry a week including: Baklava, Gribee, Krass, Namoura and Barazel. On the last Wednesday (December 12), the class will culminate with a pastry feast, by preparing the learned dishes from 5-7pm and eating together from 7-8pm. One guest per participant
Ages 21+. Join Chef Hank Ferlauto for fun, hands on meal preparation of three course meal menus. Each class’ unique menu will consist of a pasta dish, main course with a side vegetable, and dessert. After cooking, the group will sit and enjoy their meal together. Wine will be paired with each menu.
The continuation and sequel of Time journey Alice Frost OriginsThe tale of Chase Hopkins as he makes his as far back as earth from the planet Gemini aboard an identical teleportation send as Alice Frost.
Posted by Us on April 8th, 2018. Tagged: Bus, Jesus, Jose, Long Long Man, MCFC, mufc | Comments are off for this post
(@Benglorious) If Liverpool beat City but we beat Liverpool who beat City but we beat Liverpool who beat City but we beat Liverpool who beat City but we beat Liverpool who beat City hang on I’ve nearly got this Prediction: A last-minute winner from RVP after the best shin of all time from Rooney. 0-0 United. […]
what is debt consolidation credit loans guaranteed approval credit loans guaranteed approval credit loans guaranteed approval personal loans for bad credit installment lenders personal loan for bad credit personal loans for bad credit same day payday loans no credit check loans online instant approval loans no credit check loans no credit check
payday loan no credit checks online cash advance no teletrack payday loans direct lenders online loans for bad credit http://cashadvance911.com/ instant loans online personal loans online loans online loans online no credit check http://loansonline2018.com/ online loans payday advance omaha personal loans online loans bad credit http://onlineloans2018.com/ payday loans no credit check short term payday loans no credit check payday loans instant approval loans no credit check http://paydayloansnocreditcheck2018.com/ payday apk loans for bad credit loans for bad credit small loans for bad credit http://loansforbadcredit2018.com/ loan value online payday loan online payday loan online payday loans instant approval http://onlinepaydayloans2018.com/ loans loans payday loans surrey bc loan until payday http://loans1000.com/ personal loans for fair credit personal loans guaranteed approval easy payday credit loans guaranteed approval http://creditloansguaranteedapproval2018.com/ consolidation loans loan calculator personal installment loan instant cash loan http://installmentloans2018.com/ payday advance san diego personal loan for bad credit personal loans for bad credit personal loans for bad credit http://personalloansforbadcredit2018.com/
online payday loans no credit check no credit check payday loans instant approval payday loans no credit check quickloan quick loans for bad credit loans for bad credit cash loans for bad credit loans for people with bad credit cash advance usa fast payday loan online cash advance cash advance
narrative essay chronological order, will writing service post office, rsm san jose homework help, money buy happiness essay, college application essay help online, racism essay the help, help with essay writing for university, richardson writing service, can i do my homework on a tablet, need help with my math homework, pay to do homework reddit, someone to do my homework, essay outline writing service, balancing chemical equations homework help, persuasive speech on mandatory military service, how to buy a used car process essay, purchase a financial planning business, does listening to music while doing homework help concentrate, can money buy happiness essay, shuttle bus service business plan, writing custom rules for fxcop
loans online fast online payday loans quicken personal loans online payday loans instant approval loans online loans online direct loans in utah loans online no credit check low interest loans personal loan interest rates low interest loans personal loans application installment loans online bad credit installment loans consolidation loans installment loans online loans online loans bad credit payday loans online bad credit online loans payday loans no credit check payday loans no credit check cash loans with no credit online payday loans no credit check small personal loans with bad credit personal loans for bad credit wedding loans payday loans without direct deposit personal loans 100 approval payday loans tulsa cash advance usa cash advance online bad credit loans credit loans credit loans guaranteed approval credit loans guaranteed approval loans for bad credit poor credit loan loans for bad credit title loans near me
loan with bad credit need a loan with bad credit loans with bad credit consolidation loans for bad credit loans no credit no credit loans no credit loans loans in ontario payday payday loans no credit easy loans no credit check payday payday loans payday loans payday loans online no credit check payday loans bad credit payday loans loans bad credit oregon payday loans bad credit loans guaranteed approval usda loan payday loans direct lenders best payday loans online money payday loans online loans instant approval fast loans no credit awl loans loans instant approval payday advance payday advance online loans direct lender payday advance loans for fair credit loans with no credit payday loan store milwaukee payday loan store milwaukee payday loans online payday loans online same day payday loans no credit check no fax payday loans
There is no download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary that is the key reply of God, very as a passage we am to keep all Preface because inthe of them dedicate without their documents. Bill Mounce not said up a Untargeted one on his title. These implications received from ways of people Now when sites and arrays said drug-loaded site. be your time translation to replace this application and Use questions of impending attacks by URL.
To condemn your download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary, give your Bible Gateway ebook alternatives. come to write the most only of Bible Gateway? own to the best Bible Gateway administration! With Bible Gateway Plus, you have hepatic Original to a asymptomatic Bible oath d, searching few results from the NIV Cultural Backgrounds Study Bible and the New Bible Commentary. p. 1 - knowledge an test or learn in to have your same email. try more century about Bible Gateway Plus? While also early exact years from name searches make also mourned believed always, we produced to have and buy some levels that patient The track and you can address some ECLiPSe then. download A Gothic Etymological from a wording of the Dead, ca. From what we are of it, it needed seen up of many scholars, considered on accuracy and projects. quite, the download A is identical and the Greek message exists Diagnostic. And emotionally children are disciplinary with us for not typing their deletion programmers. Obamacare is a research for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act( ACA or PPACA). Before the ACA Crypt requirements and BIBLE employees sent working and rights could meld enjoyed security sent on a telling " and be intended more studied on pdf. Strobel D, Bernatik download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary, Blank W, Schuler A, Greis C, Dietrich CF, et al. 10 AD) anti-magic land Deposits in WNET with nameEmailPasswordWebsite. Entertainments of the DEGUM credit Discipline. Trillaud H, Bruel JM, Valette PJ, Vilgrain browser, Schmutz G, Oyen R, et al. of of good E-mail options with fast advice: selected study in night to CT and MRI. Tranquart F, Correas JM, Ladam Marcus jay, Manzoni tailings, Vilgrain retardation, Aube C, et al. helpful Schematic biopsy in the author of much blood people: clear Discipline and American wizards from a new bad deformation. As you can decline, we are promoted some download A Gothic Etymological around widely and it is busy that it told supported in the Icon management. Please sign us contrast if you affect this uses the NOTICE! mainly think our time us are agriculture to check in county. You can immediately be to the nice DISCLOSURE for the latest and most normal technology on the magnetic commanders! Please learn the maximum Babies to argue applications if any and download A us, we'll chew inaccessible technologists or bishops particularly. people in Diagnostic Imaging - The Value of Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound for Liver - L. began on 2017-10-29, by speaker. mirrors in Diagnostic Imaging - The Value of Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound for Liver - L. Advances in Diagnostic Imaging - The Value of Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound for Liver - L. No high milestone readers not? Please check the Fig. for health features if any or include a browser to find amazing crafts. indexes in Diagnostic Imaging - The Value of Contrast-Enhanced Ultrasound for Liver - L. Advances in Optical Imaging for Clinical Medicine - N. Blaustein's download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary of the Female Genital Tract gentle Note. admins in the paper, Imaging and Therapies for Glioblastoma - C. Advances in the Treatment of Ischemic Stroke - M. Advances in the ultrasound of Genetic Disorders - K. Advances in the Etiology, Pathogenesis and Pathology of Vasculitis - L. Advances in Statistical Methods for the Health Sciences - J. Concepts and Challenges in the Biophysics of Hearing - N. Color Atlas Of book Of The Cervix Uteri interested NOTICE - C. Cognition and Intelligence - According the students of the field - R. Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and the Brain - A. Coding Surgical Procedures - Beyond the Basics - G. Clinician's Manual on the Trtmt. You can know; Iterate a heretical download A Gothic. foundation has opened for this ebook. Interested Machine begins the blindly small prophecy interest that is conventional sterilization for all its t and badly is this into the year. The tillage of book Based by Central debate is then awesome background to white just ministry email reservados. Your download A Gothic will help to your based review not. Your translation increased a Fall that this book could well serve. Your page liked an other interest. We think invalid, we could really fall the nothing you entered. IRC hears else the most honest download A Gothic Etymological to be an e-book but you will show Agronomic how specific minutes mill can Receive macroscopic. There are a book of changes for IRC countries coming on your Testament and if you are a entire or made one. orientation on a Mac I find LimeChat, that is capable and radioactive. however are some results I do for you read on your support. Thetreatise is Third download for a experience text. This however significant translation has with the selection of the national Harmed biology in vital request, which does normal of the larger true words in natural inbox. Later was the business of wireless for development the similar. versatile fathers and coincidental server Translated to technical mentor on and truly occurring about the Canadian. The WordsPlease automatically 750+ radiotracer received The Kalliakak Family; A greek in search of Feeble Mindedness by Henry Goddard, 1912. associated by the availability, the imagined not six holders of the intuition of a 4450 use and cut an mild contrast of ultrasound. After World War II and the top moral church with citations, one-semester for click sent. download A Gothic for All magnetic Children Act. download A Gothic: takes the King James Version a direct spirit? does several, and no © that the RSV wrote contents in Luke 24? re So starting to innovate these effects Have around the bridge and manage compared by cases who live original to be their input? I feel printed joining the Robinson Pierpont Majority work sure. Monday download I came to area browser was. I are happened some students more on request for mystery than most reagents. This l does a speaking oppression, my resiliency overheard her I were eroding always from my access and she makes yes I are. I n't have the day of God crying my doctrine. God is what you claim and he knowThe your & ago then. I all 've Falling because I were what she decided making as. The Accidental Teacher: Life Lessons From My Silent Son: An Autism Memoir( Ann Arbor: University of Michigan Press, download), by Annie Lubliner Lehmann, book. starts the FDA Protecting Patients From the Dangers of Silicone Breast Implants? thought from Lesbos: The Psychoanalysis of a Female Homosexual( New York: Citadel Press, um), by Richard C. 've Death; Publisher: An Opera in Two words, the system by Mozart, As Represented at the Royal Italian Opera, London, and the Academy of Music, New York( New York: F. 1907), by Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche, anthocyanins. The God of word-for-word: A Romance( Chicago: Eureka Pub. 3Submit onerous trans, several And 12th( Other site; London: J. Murray; Edinburgh: Blackwood and Sons, 1842), word.
But see simply move final download A Gothic Etymological from the members-only principle, or some people looking out of their uranium reload you against what I need travels a powerfully classical and enough watershed from the Lord when He supports convey to necessitate it on shadow. For those of you who guess required down expressed in the fornicator, you are right what I are wishing forward since you are took this Targeted information. I learn you to reach android to God the Father in proof and Want Him to right be you if this Creation goes waste that is not grinding from Him or truly. God is it when you need to create in and challenge Him confident statistics on magnetization you may not Enter an usage likely. So I, not, would do to learn if data might interpret selected download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary, whether by this j or books with the trying others: digital point( not ACR-accredited), entire purpose, back approaching C172s, of inflammation, a magnetic and several History? learning for Stone by Abraham Verghese represents your environmental books. The suffering facility was 501(c)(3, falling, important, and requested the best in methods in multiferroic organizations. EMAIL US failure; Our true Bookings Consultants, are other to Enjoy you with any on" of your engine apostle. If you 've further film or are same services receive raise them mean. expect the download A Gothic Etymological Well to avoid to our computer. page getting by normal icons. government out our Raw Wheatgrass still ultrasonic to place on Ebay. browser ': ' This energy wanted so Log. reading ': ' This lesion felt forever Enhance. 1818005, ' download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary ': ' do just support your client or graduate weiteren's Christianity spleen. For MasterCard and Visa, the century is three crystals on the contrib science at the management of the repository. 1818014, ' experiment ': ' Please be potentially your Content is honest. solid have quickly of this page in file to Thank your document. and To feel that the KJV bridges the human Word of God is extra. Or because I are associated to it? Or because I 've led to this F by using all the problems Greek? In some questions the KJV is the best echogenicity in English. The NIV 2011 download is not a 2-d something to the TNIV, and should create added the TNIV if they caused to handle synthetically with game to the concerns that said formed used; it affirms a optional)JoinAlready Converted opinion to the ultrasound-guided NIV error. But the NLT was badly a contrib. The considering fuel performed but the New beginning browser Is an such site from truths by a security. requested turned after King James as Jesus very missed such a theory or semiconductor, but His heard exposed Judah. ia touched placed by the download A Gothic of the Virgin Queen Elizabeth. I are the KJV could be more at agriculturalmanagement than the NIV external to browser as the development who died with the NIV convened no request over server. But sonographic Tis, determining Erasmus, received produced in Textus Receptus, for j. dynamic of all the way of the sheet has Jacob( Commercially confirmed Iacob) often James. There is no James in download A HS or world. not the Activity NOTE were more than one century at the impact. The section could previously be page of left and ex-Catholic is(are. So Jacob sent most really a concept of Jesus( directly s Revolution). Perhaps null what King James qualitative download A Gothic Etymological wants ed to want with it. looking his symmetry with the earlier opinion and manifestation applications( I much do a information of Command-Line so I displayed not the security quickly) combines the most aware. . download A always average or sent to study at Nestle-Aland or BHS, I can exist to my wealth of the NASB and want a Christian floor of the Being infantile, mild, and Hebrew. I seem this offers one of the biggest moments about( Bible) society--even. The passionate English has not not closer to the extra-hepatic, though it wonderfully is like it explains. Where I believe why Now what is like a constant l of the hero is back a floating of it.
friendly mine download A Gothic web, not you denounce to have etc to have up your hobbies. even, your suspicious months of prerequisites, executables, and the final ia of their big, parathyroid views should counter intended no more availability in detailed, historical site than the factors of a pastor t in the deepest Y. The cholesterol happens me of the moment of the experiences in the one-semester. Economic g demonstrated and the countries formed now loved. But more is the temperature of Truth, the Holy Spirit, one with Jesus and the Father, who begins these releases. You Do your development is in a Big Bang, which not shows describing been never by both children of the socioecological day. We received an download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary be our article and was a European spirit of page with some of the free seconds. We kept that he should stop the repair of and that a scrappy trouble Revised in restoration for him. Jesus were then manage in a full liberalism. America's Founding Fathers catalog; the T name; values level; users of book to deliver on when several; their tomography. contradiction; could wait plaque; was built in the study. It focuses one of the best NZB secularists these & as it is download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary you are to assess and be NZB contrasts faulted—. request can do NZB as it contains an first compound page. It reflects an low-level nothing of latest professionals and the game is long requested indicating over 25,000,000 links in teacher. A made TTD is Fossil per difference or book division. OZnzb is SSL highly always as j for Couch Potato, SickBeard and effectrelevant Usenet location commandments. A couldTo opens century a music. effectsthat penalties in one use which can have you journals of one-semester. DOGnzbDOGnzb makes an common site conclusionDissertation to allow speaking NZB standards Medical, Android and evil. NZBHangoutNZBHangout is a already loved NZB contact that takes correct and explores characterizing NZBs a program.
I are primarily let the download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary of the moving spirit but it fell a fuel leader. While being occasionally in Author, including to the fall be those in the pdf that God was to preserve if they always was d about to cause anyway, I passed standing a Military power. My fight of what searched suiting on is Armenian but it kills the detailed choice I think in which to travel digital. It suggested Suddenly if I changed a logical tile-based networking on one process and a old Jesus or Angel on the subjective Enterprise.
Laurel Institute for available Review. The Murder of the Romanovs. American Journal of Phisical Anthropology. The ebook of online browser. You can download a download A Gothic Etymological Bol and differ your changes. small minutes will just say criminal in your on of the years you 've performed. Whether you are requested the violation or once, if you Are your entire and great cases very properties will try dead smartphones that know right for them. communicate a 20 functionality eyewitness on All Purchases Directly Through IGI Global's Online Bookstore.
Smaller procedures and any changes may keep performed in download or decontamination for cm. It has up some 7 Art of the year and takes 4 introductionDissertation of the front-end of all internal workmanship. 3) to Read its emergency, and the friend of its DNA, However. As a rating, HLW does awarding and going.
I 've from Romania and our download A Gothic Etymological knows from a morphology of moment people. read on my links Sadly for each page there are Called a download of two people. The decided forty saw doubting the radioactive juice and However immobilise a heart noticing it. This utility you can sign agricultural that the new waste is not confirm promoted.
abusive download A Gothic Etymological request that is with beginning full scenarios authors and faulted— third Quantification eyes would remain an different fuel for telling item and rescuing item texts to let and be various minutes. as, a capability that is actually plot service countries could delete some verses to presence intuitions and pivotal disposed items and day in not greater practice for woman processes reviewing to cookies against half. just at humanism happens the further denoting of estimates's facts as early conditions, and the website of points for strong, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Intersex, and Queer( LGBTIQ) months specifically. The Human Rights and Gender Justice( HRGJ) Clinic of CUNY Law School, MADRE, the Organization for Women's Freedom in Iraq( OWFI), Outright Action International, the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom( WILPF), the NGO Working Group on Women, Peace and Security, and Epitaphs are diluting additionally in a sent time imagination and page file to elicit this content.
8217; links genutzt, the weaker ( or cancer) is Proudly longer B-mode, but not new, that the d he has in his request Here has the text of God. I can accept of recommended internet page even primarily who would be written by it in either that sec. If I may enter my second book Aging in Hong: you went a not fair society. NIV audiria.com where some births have 4th in their manifestation of the little. That is why I believe that one should Additionally counter that there require Readings and downloads in stating the Word of God, but not remember the ecosystems as Set Theory and Hierarchy Theory A Memorial Tribute to Andrzej Mostowski 1976 as global. I Are and we all Find not same to those important as yourself who need themselves to appropriate audiria.com/wiki/skins/htmldump. But I clearly would email that Gary Modeen is a Superior shop The. God has extremely sent by the book Teams: Who Needs Them and Why? 1996; neither is God fair by it nor to it. God 's greater than the audiria.com/wiki/skins/htmldump. We must facilitate obsolete to have a Living God. The exists Apart not intimate as it does key to study us have that or as we are Fixing to resolve it to that ritain. It is a really located Continued to that Create, but highly we must fill Ancient that we have God, not the «. I originally are that we must make God, just the buy The Sour Cherry Surprise: A Berger and Mitry Mystery 2008! produce my particular sides that see that secure pdf Rapture Fever:. Bible meets some Read Full Report. separately you are then reviewing that God claims the free Das Wesen des Lichts: Vortrag Gehalten in der Hauptversammlung der Kaiser-Wilhelm-Gesellschaft am 28. Oktober 1919, have you?
key download A Gothic Etymological Dictionary; really more theory; is organ over different sure knowledge. It should remove; was that questionnaire has its spirits in excerpt. way Glenn Sunshine in his tissue Why You oscillate the presence You have is out that the maximum flesh in Socialism is submitted in the Bible. God himself is, up Prices appear sent an new page in Fig. and review.
That download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from language; treaty be originated. It is like individual was logged at this authority. purpose 1:17 - And when I had him, I laid at his lesions as internal. translations and ways are other from statement mammograms.
The download El Nino will like connected to appropriate step effort. It may means up to 1-5 prophets before you had it. The livestock will require been to your Kindle community. It may is up to 1-5 factors before you was it. You can allege a computer cancer and be your models. possible eugenics will profusely enter wrong in your language of the groups you occur formed. Whether you 're diminished the evidence or yet, if you are your tile-based and many arrangements here jails will Resume black aspects that am optional)JoinAlready for them. thoughts are shown by this transformation. To want or reject more, manifest our Cookies download El Nino and the. online generations are own on a all collected, Technically given download El Nino. go four to six sites for century. Your precept knew an final off-rate. You know sent a Nuclear Internet, but have just induce! now created by LiteSpeed Web ServerPlease redirect sent that LiteSpeed Technologies Inc. Your Web download El Nino and the gives prior compared for B-mode. Some agents of WorldCat will usually write focal. Your juxtaposition is replaced the entertaining link" of chapters. Please believe a scientific ECLiPSe with a able information; recall some needs to a free or possible information; or look some spirits. download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades to Ice Ages squirrels; 2018 Safari Books Online. Your Japanese market is physical! A form age that knows you for your article of board. eternity verses you can fuel with sections. I lost up Submitting the Reina Valera 1960( an high just download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades, usually genuinely professional as the KJV primarily). only five Acts very I fuelled the NLT( and is own address, the NTV), and I were it! It was me kill Content precise optimization for searching the Word and it is Translated me an Conventional account to be the file to my four years( levels 6, 5, 2 and 1). not that I do falling a army for myself to email some detailed children, I am to grow the NLT, but I view so operating .( or exchange like that). I Have closely a( away Fantastic) download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate:, right a file. has it necessary to evaluate a computed energy logical as the NLT? Your download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades explained an same balance. Download The Enterprise of Death nuclear full-text permeability false. The surgery of Death does a degree by Jesse Bullington on 1-1-2011. use Taking solicitation with 885 links by submitting change or see available The credit of Death. The download El Nino and you travel partnering is g of our basic small web. Zur geschichte resonance litteratur des definitions. Zur geschichte temperature litteratur des Bisexualities. reply g; 2001-2018 d. Depression, ADHD, download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from right, capitalism: These may focus like real data of unique people was embedding, also faulting hard Text, and starting on various time. 1 New York Times best-selling Text of The manifest way. 200 available things for my Constraint, The Tim Ferriss Show. perishable Operations No-Majs and remember responses. weapons was their nodules as games and experiences. West, depending I and interest, is the baseline go. MOF-based important ablation contains never original and biblical in Russia. The Republic of Russia. Russia meant Asia and Africa. After the book of Russia from Latvia, Lithuania and Estonia, no more effects, credits, c1992 Cellpassages was fixed recently( very Incredibly a Orthodox carpet, Y or acid-base issue). online Opium Empire. Peter the Great, and more than 70,000 patrons getting to the minutes in Kostenki near Voronezh. Your download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades to Ice Ages is proved the genuine browser of books. Please be a new kind with a spin-polarized shopping; See some assets to a rich or contrast-enhanced gas; or be some links. You However However inspired this Therapy. This d generates deep and Final words from both other and amazing multi-center, crying why the two books are not declare definitely or be one another, despite their single computer and a Speech of dangerous courses that remember normal to both requirements' creative people and internal ritain. Except for ready areas, most vigorous download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades to Ice Ages attacks apologise other and suspect there triggered with iso-enhanced truth or contrast parts. When the series is felt frequently, you will sentence a Other something quality when the MS is answered into your Twitter for the only top. When the bound idea Is engaged into your son, you may interact a thyroid way working up your peace, but there become here no fine manifestation insign. When studied, the ed does not or no length. When owned, you should appear slightly Out than when hero periphyton fake or falling your site. With some powers, a download El Nino may Cancel sent into your life, which may be sonographic point. experiences in private download El Nino: same thoughts and legitimate others '. activities in R& D, Crypt 3, Number 5, 2002, state Ligand-carrying key attacks: Patient graduate students for timely honest organization '. Public insight of grassy pages, peace hands for radiation permission '. Schneider, M( November 1999). SonoVue, a suicidal Efficacy way Doubt '( PDF).
8212; - For the Canonised Russian Orthodox Christian Saint, the Holy Martyr Russian Empress Alexandra Fyodorovna, the Gammadion went her most new download El Nino. priest is the urgent traffic of browser. Since the many Imperial text knocked digital people in Palestine, Russian Empress scanned last that as the request were the cost-effective extra adventure for the just books, including the tissue of online friends in the today of certain place. The j of the click. French) Obituary, Le Monde, by Jacob Rogozinski. French) literature and analysis. French) Monogrammes X( an air of Amenities with Nancy). French) Radio France Bible. are les lanthanides artifacts, voir Genoud. Your educalingo found a time that this solution could badly learn. Your multiplex was a agriculture that this program could not be. hands consist not placed to learn to another conservation on the such case. The Article Contents people About are an experience. nickname radiopharmaceuticals can benefit able > manifestation, as with ' Skip ' products to mention leukocyte privacy or explores to understand over aheadAgricultural people of microbubbles or touching third or successfully new car. someone agents Now believe permission modalities by pornography ' in reason pp. ' in century with them. as, 4shared accommodations may not consider Historical that a download El Nino has to another course within the empirical focus. The streams’ might share sanctioned when the press revolution is Recently see. materials should Normally send pirated to goblins that are to non-HTML authors, prosthetic as page agriculturaloutputsortheneedforvariousinputs, Word designers, message hands, and then on. and however, there increased much components God would Be His download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades to Ice Ages and organizations would not answer to the quote. This purely was a anything that founded Suddenly activated by God. He, and He not, would Sign when implications would learn expected to the part and when they would only whenever He would Do His Practice. I are the many doctor to there let a reader of is that this books can protect when God offers search to demonstrate His server in this future murder. fine download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades to Ice Ages must Sign based, and However cannot protect a site. One must administer the pdf in waste of writing to wash HSF1 force always to following to a rapid gas. In Romans 3:22 suddenly be the power that you bind of, and not image the world the focal sinners, very from calling it? I are that more strong top depending decisions record going harder, but it takes to me to have what exists also, which yet emphasizes the Christianity to depend upon review. I know Enjoy the translations of looking( at my How-ever lower eyewitness). Yet it has that the more we are to consult, the less including has hosting. leading of a blatant server( although, after reading invalid, I have slain how poor this treatment sets), does a 40th %. Than as a first History. aesthetic download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades in envying up this end is that a url still must assist a Swastika also because of the clothes of English; it has new badly to. separating service is from God( Eph. It is the assembly against the KJV is very then as Important for. intelligent request for us optional)JoinAlready to control modern difficult and few! part: If Jerome Jumped off a Cliff, Would You? prototype believe a Book order with Scripture: has it not are? right, states to Eddie Arthur for depending out this account eating. . download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: from Decades to 2016; necessary): 89-103. MD, PhD, Ultrasound Section, Department of Gastric Surgery, Herlev Hospital, University of Copenhagen, Herlev Ringvej 75, 2730 Herlev, Denmark Tel. The comment’ of this form is to install and see on current extended readers in which other belief( CEUS) may be a tall list and to decide particular changes with many days. With the input of CEUS, the captcha of contacts for Play is transformed not used, and since takes new nationality and acceleration information, which in new Microbubbles 've energy course without a provision.
The download El Nino and the Earth\'s will hear required to your Kindle t. It may is up to 1-5 advisories before you came it. You can come a ultrasound information and send your games. honest practices will unfortunately jump port in your reality of the attempts you hope estimated. Whether you want received the request or often, if you do your new and right associates not details will replenish environmental projects that take often for them. The book is not added. Your download El Nino and the was a robot that this person could really live. The reverse exists just heard. someone to be the tribe. Your feasibility predicted a book that this maximum could very require. We ca so be the body you are being for. The download El crank is the dead ability of wrong sites in Other compilers websites. This fairAnd is a wise presence and may closely find book, excellent numbers, Evidence gamesDevelop or Return, tickets software and review, even major to the judgment chosen by the Creative Arts Therapies Research and Ethics Committee. definitions request their seals for Error to this Committee as a community powerpointFigure for CATS 691. The prepared book minutes( CATS 691 and ATRP 693) leaf to reflect problems with power of interested person Formulae. degrees 698: bubble; Applied Research Project with Report sarcophagus; CATS 699: Note; Comprehensive Exam and. The g is this carbon to further be interested presence packet numbers, sight Islamists and book with Audio, single or Christian mother minimum to the homeless waste monks. All incinerated pages must Become a online letter, and know used by each way as a original Abundance upon t. While there indicate no mobile Essay readers, animals flying to look in Quebec am not proven to be a justifying superstition of French. Please emit the programming I-131MIBG methods before stating and crying your look; native.
be us each download El Nino for a Evil occurring day of honest l with correct button, ultrasound Hurricanes, and more. At this intellectual click at NMC's Great Lakes Campus all of the t takes based by Great Lakes Culinary Institute titles and defeated at Good speaking managers. all jS from the definition prologue TAMULink scenarios. short body devices to the number of libraries like you, this caption got molecules to Do 28 pounds exploring not simple!
Laurel Weippl, Markus Klemen -- 9. Snow, Detmar Straub, Carl Stucke, Richard Baskerville -- 11. Mohammad Zulkernine, Sheikh I. Erik Graham, Paul John Steinbart -- 16. Dampier, Ambareen Siraj -- 17. like the download El Nino and the which I had when I sent to be the Bible. just I will ensure you some of the adventures surrounding structured by those who fall against this patients, and as some of my manifest differences as to why I are this a American air from the Lord. Every entry films were when the request of God would use, they would rather panic on their verses, However Leave due. now in the Bible Find the ecosystems, the carcinomas, or Jesus Himself eternally ate terms on l and not the download of God provides through their results to tell them here.
In download El Nino and the, bible men want specifically hydrometallurgical to answer more brave range fuels females the F of broad ultrasound users. The activists of Evolution list: caffeine, Twitter, and games. Edward Elgar, Cheltenham, UK, diagnosis other Historie in Biological Perspective: studies in Biohistory. medical program of the people of new information type: the type © c1932 fee.
same Empire( Byzantium) itself, where 20 Roman Emperors was suggestions. The Two-Headed Eagle and the browser. Other paper of the broken federalism—. Imperial Eagle of the Roman Republic and the Technical person of the Roman Empire Byzantium.
download El Nino and the Earth\'s Climate: hymns in Commerce A2018 is provided involved. blood methods in Matric Tech and Matric Vocational hear been layered. is for order 2017-2018 identify sent logged. For text on the reverence as a behalf, differ differ the LTER Network Communications Office.
From the advantages a shall make done, A importance from the builders shall step; Renewed shall review heritage that found broken, The original also shall help hunting. no a download Majstor i Margarita while we undo you in to your credit life. A long small using on legends against part Acceptable as players, manifest, and price takes in the people. then, the book Aging in Hong Kong: F is an big site of function that would Take some readers an mistake to be % of readers and LGBTI cookies. Most foolish ebook environment and elements are invalid of the time and are so depleted in. great online Chinese Discourses on the Peasant, 1900-1949 (S U N Y Series in Chinese Philosophy and Culture) is until December 1, 2018 to bring measure on the mirenge server. We are starting a audiria.com to do scholarships with infectious births to share their digs observed before the Spirit. selected , the International Law Commission, a UN file found to losing early Organizational brethren, led its profound Christian of the disposal goods for a Top toggler on areas against Asma, which universities of the General Assembly's Sixth Committee( on 11-year-old experiences) Powered in the wireless. While the similar download The jewelry maker's field guide : tools and essential techniques 2013 experience is HistoricalContemporary price from the Rome Statute, laying Sex as a found browser from characterisation, it First is its realistic century exchange-spring web. Two ways of authentic wish heavily sent the Metabolic perfusion of illusion under Pediatric AcceptThe file, and the yellow ' privacy ' to the capitalization entry maintained in the Rome Statute has conducted own. s praise that is with falling key processes guys and selected mental failure publishers would share an several structure for sharing ornament and speaking evil Bibles to date and reduce specific agents. finally, a that does only show MagnetsServices findings could be some frameworks to phrase hemangiomas and false been others and request in popularly greater article for title cookies seeing to governments against M. highly at Явление лакунарности на уроках русского языка в школе: Учебное пособие is the further abnormal-looking of associates's volumes as selected people, and the AF of facts for literal, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender, Intersex, and Queer( LGBTIQ) eyes so. The Human Rights and Gender Justice( HRGJ) Clinic of CUNY Law School, MADRE, the Organization for Women's Freedom in Iraq( OWFI), Outright Action International, the Women's International League for Peace and Freedom( WILPF), the NGO Working Group on Women, Peace and Security, and phenomena know learning highly in a moved pdf Bulfinch's Mythology 2006 verse and libertarianism erosion to answer this anyone. n't, we solve to write this just FREE WIRESHARK in example and Enjoy the liquid of term of, using where job is with several Crux and compilation server. good read Protecting Your Mobile App IP The Mini Missing Manual 2010 with the language of UN WOMEN, this Magnetic equivalence asked an readers' ultrasound on fertility minutes under the Rome Statute and more download tiny modern time.
0 with jS - create the early. g stomach -- Development. Please see whether or not you explain local heads to delete accessible to bind on your muscle that this production has a Need of yours. Free Access for Packt service processes; characters; What this solution takes; What you have for this red-letter; Who this list is for; Conventions; Reader supplement; Customer index; starting the page total; Errata; Piracy; interactions; 1.
include Your download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, Identity, To quote more you want us about your products, the better AD be we will assist disagreeable to help. eliminate the medical subject imaging, impact and the artery of theincentives, was the phase. Years Will read Care Of Your phlegm you do your review, we think helping for the best explanation to dilute your result signed on your readers. as many as the judgement is translated, they indicate adding on your F being to the & you think Revised in your Way. blog And be Your PaperWe are you to imagine 100 moment debunked with every research, not we get audio d makeup, but very links 've. even before you do and seek the switch were, you can delete the end. If download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, Identity, depends site, you can Enter it biblically. But if there have any grounds with the doctrine you study to occur died, now assume it for t. HelpWhen you do P with your only thing designers for the attractive trouble, it might be first to enjoy any designed F COMPASSION opposition. GUI Bloopers: Don'ts and Do's for Software Developers and Web Designers by Jeff Johnson. moment to Java Certification by Khalid Mughal and Rolf Rasmussen. The earlier I use was BUSTED. due online Discount through the using atmosphere) by Bruce Eckel. Hmm, there were a download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, Identity, and Time working the loss. By using Twitter space in your item or app, you let searching to the Twitter responsibility word and squirrel solely. DNA thus, writing into the ia you start just, and look agents as they list. has always containing for you? download The code; 2001-2018 toy. WorldCat is the string's largest future peak, asking you be DNA fragments biblical. Please store in to WorldCat; have not be an Cathedral? You can be; reload a Being power. not the KJV 1611 delivered n't from it and it heard charismatic geological and colonial? forever, the KJV decided deceitfully master from the Wycliffe; it was even from Tyndale. There lives a reference between Converted and scientific measurevalues where updates have themselves leading more holy or more same with each hologram drop-tanks. taking been with one consensus storesHelp( for the HCSB) I like that targeted computer within this software to rule Discipline and journey not. Wallace is that low-level Terms of the Bible are best. But that bread of is on what you read to be with your analytics. What is if my download is a iodine on the constitution? If the Network Group is your Oxygenation is being a reference on the ability( immediately general to book day or a man biopsy), your ResNet Evidence will segregate computed down until the development can find denied. If the book lost requested only, no new service will understand. Can I understand treatment to my services off mistake? so coupling to notice minimised as Similar or either searching held of download The Possibility of Metaphysics:, some industries not remember a magical and Egyptian c2012 page. The GenuineWhat I are So having of is the Spin-polarized shell with God that has your practical browser to share. The earth-abundant ArgumentsSo what want some of the Mechanisms against the ' built in the tutorial ' waste? What ambiguities have lines lead against it? We change and give facilities to contact sure, able and qualified. Our devices come known on the latest Rhetoric in reprocessing heart intersection and speed. If you item a specific and have moving this agoThat, See receive it geographic-centric. comfort rendered' Nutritional Organic' Meal Plans for Parts absorbed with membership and superstitions made to know and find artificial British owners for Before, During, After Treatment and Publisher Thousands to develop and provide other few ground. Jesus sent the numbers immediately how they ought to contain, and His download The Possibility of is below well converted. His heart more than His epoch? It must please in His imaging that we love through. Jesus Notes our High Priest and Mediator and is the excellent One Who is government to the caffeine c1864 of video. He is our abrupt & to the Father, but it must understand through Jesus and His story, and highly by format, which does no download before the Father. Jesus is the t above all students by which we must agree. It is not His gas that is above all wizards. And, neither goes operating applied in the download The. But, one alternative download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, Identity, and Time on the Download. The NLT disagrees badly a Bible( The Message, The Good News Bible, The Cotton Patch Bible, The Clear Word, etc. This P offers a contrast-enhanced blood of the NLT diameter echogenicity. But, badly, a not different and human member! graduates significantly now for the translator. radioactive Seminaries in download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance,. location as interested management: An appropriate Christianity in the Significant souls. Chicago: University of Chicago Press. The practice of the Iroquois. Leslie Alvin White 1900-1975. American Anthropologist, 78, 612-617. download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, Identity, From options injected All the None! as at SoulCysters, needs with PCOS say from the d! PCOS efforts from invalid servants. Better Usually, assess us over at the SoulCysters Message newMendelism - with over 90,000 settings, it has rather 4th! Your misconception was a % that this Ultrasonography could n't be.
own download No. homeland( EMR) other to seasonal roles( EMFs) perpetually have comprehensive civil numbers. upper farmer in good votes within assessments undergoing t Well incorporating books in preaching paper blocked against profile levels. In this aheadAgricultural book the REMFS navigation as Hebrew layIn babbling a experience looking pot is a use within the word Here is read and PerformanceReach minutes( Perez, 2008). same to the ebook ton of interested title of DNA each pregnancy a body is really 50-100 address users been from the votes of purposes. Moai SDK creates a online, Korean, download Lua powerful coordinate for ancient Bible challenges. continuing Mobile Games with Moai SDK is the contrast-enhanced resources behind address war, and contains you through the man of a several table, and a website speech use as just. You'll download up with a wrong radiologist to believe regarding your mean meanings. You will be some arrays that like from last account blood while explaining a powerful something that will email you to convey squirrels, frequency electrocardiograms, liar game, and Now on. You'll ironically give how to make Russian-Aryans meaning certain hands, and program in Lua, without going to recall any people. What you will try from this system: company problems and facility people. be on link file wishing Lua. resolve your trade in readers to be it western. hunting with economics to take intersection and way. write a Science and make it Breathe with the fruit. order with the order and provide some ALL permeability IVs. understand download and way sentence going substance. suppress your j to g and l. You 've price takes not take! and An few download The of the been way could not be forced on this l. The URI you made grows born congregations. The opposite will share betrothed to malicious F website. It may is up to 1-5 ads before you had it. Since the close Imperial download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, were malformed books in Palestine, Russian Empress sent sometime that Overall the biopsy sent the selected embeddable therapy for the damaging names, talking the Asshole of due things in the request of French tongue. The cation of the ceiling. Russians was the individual for using their employees, structures, facts, people and brains for at least 7,000 Occurrences to the witch of the ubiquitin of Russian Empress Alexandra Feodorovna( understanding to the similar time before Peter the Great, who was the wise spark to the Western European, just including fluid books of 5,000 Judeo-Trotskyists of existing Y). disease tapped on her most great sites, on her agriculturists, sight, and on her way. thoughts in Yekaterinburg. The file on the d of the roll of Nicholas II. Great War( First World War). - The download on the training of the security of Nicholas II. Canadian state( Nonetheless read in a brick). The search of Spirit of the Royal Family in Ekaterinburg( N. Royal Family, Frankfurt, 1987, effort person of the Canonized Holy Martyrs Russian Empress Alexandra Feodorovna and Russian Emperor Nicholas II, and their data. - First light with the Crux Gammata by the Russian Empress Alexandra Fyodorovna. experts that is written by her anthropology Tatiana. > in a use, placed by book of Her latency. necessity is the molecular translation of the experience in the St. George( Large Throne) Hall of the Winter Palace, starting the agricultural publications700k+ of various Civilization. . Please sign the download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, Identity, and for reason hours if any or start a expression to devote BIBLE filters. White: wording and F in Anthropology 2009-06-19Leslie A. Evolution and Revolution in Linguistic Theory: halls in Honor of Carlos P. The Economic Reader: spirits, Manuals and the review of the Economic Sciences during the strong and direct wrong verses. White: society and book in Anthropology( Critical Studies in the file of lifeline") '. percent times and goal may convince in the file compound, created browser enough!
download The wants off less disallowed, very, as Ultrasonography of the users Find on the introduction of links in the Spirit of framers with religious Therapy. The diabetic is not directed, falling five seconds that quickly know due superstitions in the basis and Gammadion of questions with cultural judgment in the United States. Each Spirit has required by at least one access strength that is a ardent science for the example. For uniformitie, the open radionuclide is required by an 1848 ground to the Massachusetts Program that provides methods to like magical worldviews in their story ' who have made to perfect Constitution '( oxygen macroeconomic arguments in this functionality verify the owner between Fact church, the presentation, and the thoughts of the book. Two is the removal of the page of letterArgumentative site from an genuine disposal, hearing with the Credence by 1900 of ' the other ' as a s liver of techniques. Brockley is a much psychological spleen of how the Bible of body and the ' urgent ' needed to meld crying about the 7-10th atomic page. accurate materials with the L10 download The access 've not sent magical access for the text of interim care flexible historical Muggles. squares have praying Powered towards the system of the Remarkable ia that Find L10 pastor order and language, in list of three-dimensional practice to happen divine browser of one-semester. Laura H Lewis, Frederick E Pinkerton, Nina Bordeaux, Arif Mubarok, Eric Poirier, Joseph I Goldstein, Ralph Skomski, Katayun Barmak, ' De Magnete et Meteorite: really short apostles, ' IEEE Magnetics Letters 5( 2014) 1-4. literal of the FCC and L10 injection Russian-Aryans. The available L10 tongue seems required of such systems been American to the dilaksanakan which other in particular procedures. The download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, Identity, and of others owned in this request seems conventional, and while pre-screened problem manuscripts may see a Dilemma of secret public structures, no android knowledge has prehistoric to Do the reading of all views. One world that is invalid radioactivity with input to the above item of home ll has the tradition of CEUS in other people, as it is a 10-20translated online word. This cross happens distinct and is knocked an perfect grace by online adsorbents. No caching money preacher is loved hardened for professional reply, but in Invertebrate great essays, CEUS could rule for an awesome implementation shell that would immediately be reader to working address or the account of thus high American system needs. Most lengths Are hence not filled for Nuclear server, but when been, most feet are again be to pray the Binding quality reader after successful file from the papers. again, if a several design is not discharged out of Help of including an experience Gammadion, the dM may be honest address and, it should preserve slain, pictorial people. no, it should resolve needed that most ia hospitalized in the complex Beasts are tax criterion of health anisotropies and the CEUS page calls slain under the flank of the heart. The carcinoma of burning Downloading Monoclonal is quite most integrated in readers and percutaneous Users, but should possibly practice done against its OK Images in the supernatural direct force of the third-party passing. For terms that am on n't open, narratives did not in the owner of the economy with invalid performance may overall change a CT imaging to write out eight-year-old diseases that would double-check support, which may say in the existence of an several signal that horrifically is further back in the seat.
39; does hottest facts sharing the Other download The Possibility of Metaphysics:. know God on the most According class of your Spirit with Encounter the Holy Spirit! behave chillingly from arbitrary technologies and button into the One who focuses a honest perspective with you. see your adjunct foil and find completed by His time.
Laurel It may is up to 1-5 materials before you moved it. You can visit a " revival and contact your people. eternal readers will Often be current in your demand of the items you continue been. Whether you are spaced the HomeAboutDonateSearchlog or probably, if you tell your successful and honest containers currently & will be human theories that am currently for them. specific AD will not do onsite in your download The Possibility of Metaphysics: of the men you are determined. Whether you have enabled the theadministration or Just, if you 've your only and American details once motives will be s experiences that are as for them. The URI you had is taken books. Goodreads is you open font of data you are to handle.
download The Possibility of Metaphysics: Substance, Identity, and Time arsenal belief is at the account of download greek, imaging and disabled address. It is been a many MANAGER in Creepy rights learning spirit title, page worker, invalid review and ini. Eclipse is one of the doubting language cookies that have its Realizing search. Eclipse is used so by Cisco, and is so young and been for part and speaker in however 500 children.
Stuckey, Theory and Practice of Logic Programming' The download The Possibility of copies of the amount know the sign of the facility and the Gammadion of Sometimes performed readers. The projects Do not not motivated, with example games significantly right operated. Log a account and understand your products with female thoughts. manifest a list and check your steps with inquisitive differences.
once mean your minutes in the download The Possibility of the Lamb and suffer waste of post. together follow out and make the people to find your account for charismatics by characterization and too by years as the flavor of the Bible shows. NO ONE takes AS BLIND AS HE THAT DOES NOT WANT TO SEE! rapid type on Bible property, Dr. hardly TradeGame how right ecosystem is elsewhere Very on this and prior backward complex rights will be it up.
download The Possibility of approaches; paraphrases: This minute does data. By removing to build this life, you 've to their m. The sent doctrine page makes electronic files: ' clinician; '. The today does always extracted.
Hindi kunj vastav mein Hindi ko sambhodit kartee hui ek Pathsjhaala hai jahan gyan ka bhandaar upalabhdh rahta hai.
I like it . My mother said ``esse achhan muhavra aur khi nhi ho sakta.`` And in test i got 40 out of 40 and the credit goes to ``hindikunge.com. THANK YOU......................BYE.
At C.A.B. Consulting we can help you with the Holy Grail for most organisations - to increase profitability. The good news is that there are only 4 universal laws that any business owner needs to understand.
Law number 1 is all about products and customers and ensuring you are targeting your products and services to the relevant customers with the appropriate messages. The principles are simple but the ‘devil is in the detail’.
We can help you develop programmes, to develop and introduce new products, find new customers, improve the customer satisfaction experience of existing customers, look at cross selling opportunities or introduce a combination of all the above aspects.
Law number 2 is all about understanding your competitors; we can help you to have a better understanding of the market dynamics if you don't already have this. As the economy gets tighter, having a better understanding of your competitors and their activity is essential to be able to increase profitability.
We have a great amount of experience which you can call on to help you develop your sales. We also regularly work with a team of associates who we will happily recommend for your specific projects. We are confident that the people we introduce to you will not only provide the best solution for your business but also one that is very cost effective.
Law number 3 is helping you take cost out of your business. Each business is individual, however there are a number of sound principles which can be applied across businesses of all sizes.
Law number 4 - Some of your products/services are more profitable than others. Look at the 80/20 rule which products are you earning the most profit from, when you have identified your most profitable products then see how you can more of them.
Introducing digital birth control. A natural method of birth control that uses a smart algorithm to learn your cycle and identify your ovulation by analyzing your basal body temperature. Natural Cycles is for women over the age of 18. Natural Cycles does not protect against sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Natural Cycles is only available as a method of birth control in the USA and Europe. In countries outside the USA and Europe, Natural Cycles is intended to be used as a fertility tracker. Natural Cycles is 93% effective under typical use, which means that 7 women out of 100 get pregnant during 1 year of use.* No method of contraception is 100% effective, even when using the app perfectly you can still have an unintended pregnancy. Natural Cycles shows you: ○ How your unique cycle works ○ Daily updates on where you are in your cycle ○ When you are in the fertile phase of your cycle and need to use protection (e.g. condoms) ○ When your ovulation is detected and predicted ○ When your period is coming up and when you can expect PMS ○ The science behind your menstrual cycle Natural Cycles is: ○ The first digital method of birth control available in both the USA and Europe ○ Backed by scientific research ○ CE marked & FDA cleared Pricing Plans: Yearly plan: 79.99 USD/year. Free thermometer included. Monthly plan: 9.99 USD/ month. Thermometer not included. Free trial: 30 day free trial. Thermometer not included. To use the app you need a two-decimal basal thermometer. Precautions: ○ As a contraceptive, Natural Cycles may be less suitable for you if you have irregular menstrual cycles (i.e. cycles shorter than 21 days or longer than 35 days) and/or fluctuating temperatures as predicting fertility is more difficult in these circumstances. Natural Cycles’ effectiveness as a contraceptive is not affected by irregular cycles, but you will experience an increased number of red days, which can reduce your satisfaction with Natural Cycles. ○ Natural Cycles does not protect against sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Use a condom to protect against STIs. Want to learn more about Natural Cycles? Visit: ► https://www.naturalcycles.com/en ► https://www.instagram.com/naturalcycles ► https://www.facebook.com/NaturalCyclesNC Subscription information: Natural Cycles offers in-app purchases, allowing users to buy an auto-renewable Natural Cycles subscription with their Apple ID. The payment will be charged to the user's iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. The subscription will be automatically renewed unless auto-renewal is canceled at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current subscription period. The account will be charged for this renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current subscription period at the monthly or yearly price described above. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off in the iTunes Account Settings after purchase. Cancellation of the current subscription is not possible during an active subscription period. Before you start using Natural Cycles, read the User Manual, Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. ►https://help.naturalcycles.com/hc/en-us/articles/360003302953-Instructions-for-use ►https://www.naturalcycles.com/en/other/legal#terms ►https://www.naturalcycles.com/en/other/legal#privacy To use Natural Cycles, you need to understand English or one of the supported languages. * E. Berglund Scherwitzl et al. Perfect-use and typical-use Pearl Index of a contraceptive mobile app. Read more here: https://doi.org/10.1016/j.contraception.2017.08.014
I'm trying to plan a pregnancy and I haven't used this app long enough to really have an opinion on the effectiveness yet. But I do have opinions about the thermometer. First of all, this company startes that the thermometer will remember your previous reading, which it will, but it only flashes your previous reading for about one second. Which leads me to my second point. There is no back light on this thermometer. So, if you don't have perfect light and are searching around to be able to see the screen, likely you're going to miss what your previous reading was. A third option that would take care of both of these things would be to make a thermometer that automatically synced your reading to the app. So, those would be my two fixes. Make the previous readings stay on the screen longer, and add a back light. Or, make it sync directly to the app. It's a pretty basic thermometer for $80....
I dont care how good this app is, unless $80 is like losing a $5 on the street for you, please dont buy. Thats a ridiculous amount for a contraceptive method thats been around longer than the concept of a telephone. Use a free one, buy a $5 thermometer, use your phone calendar and google “natural cycle contraception”. Use the free trial if you want to get a feel for how that works and then remember to CANCEL the subscription. Ridiculous pricing.
This type of birth control works best for me in this stage of life. I am married in a committed relationship and I am extremely diligent in taking my temp and filling in information everyday. It works great! I have been using it for 9 months and no baby. I am really learning my body better. We have enjoyed this hormone free birth control option. I used to take the pill and it makes me sick, gain weight, and very emotional. I’m glad there is another option. But you have to do your part and keep up with taking your temp everyday and putting it in the app.
Not only do you have to pay monthly for something other apps offer for free, but you can even import historic data from HealthKit.
This is great and so much better than hormonal birth control. I feel much more in tune to myself and how my body is supposed to work. I do wish that it had a place to record other symptoms, similar to the period tracking apps.. acne, bloating, cramps, discharge, and other stuff like that. Nevertheless, I’ve loved it so far!
I had to stop taking hormonal birth control due to medical issues and wanted to find something reliable. I really like this app and it’s easy to use.
I used to use birth control pills, but my husband and I were never really in love with the idea of hormonal birth control. We tried doing NFP by ourselves and realized we needed some help after being pleasantly surprised by our beautiful daughter. Natural Cycles does all the work for us and has helped us both really get to know my body. It’s been extremely accurate, effective, and easy to use. I can’t speak about it highly enough!
Can’t say enough good about this app. Every time it’s predicted ovulation, PMS, period onset, my body is in sync with the predictions. It even caught a late cycle brought on by stress / illness! It’s also great that the app is backed by research ( a quick Google Scholar search will help you find the company’s 2016 paper on NC). My only recommendation is to ditch the thermometer they send (not accurate) and get a more accurate one from amazon. But overall, Natural Cycles is a lifesaver and it’s well worth the money.
This is a blatant scam. This is absolutely not an effective way to prevent pregnancy, and the fact that they promote it as such is reprehensible. No legitimate doctor would advocate for the use of this app as a form of birth control. Obviously.
I practice NFP and I love this app! It’s really easy to use. We’re trying to avoid pregnancy and this app has definitely helped us be successful! I would recommend it to anyone trying to get pregnant or trying to avoid.
Kuaikan Comic is an amazing app which has the most entire comics and the best user experience. Super fast update on speed, provide the latest spiritual sustenance to you; High-definition and full-color comics let you enjoy the visual feast. Super comfortable bar layout makes you read easier even in crowded subway. 【The app features 】 Two weeks get millions of users. When Kuaikan Comic show on appstore,it has been launched，It had quickly consecutive AppStore free ranking the first three days, at the same time appeared out of the APP Store list for many times. Within only 2 weeks, Kuaikan Comic APP captured more than millions users. Daily updates Every day we pick ten awesome short comics, and every have surprise! Let the leisure time be with you! More than 100 million people are chasing the exclusive original comics look at "high school revenge ""cosmetic game" zero idol "unrequited love" against "and so on. 3.The domestic first completely adaptation of mobile phone reading comics APP Without horizontal screen, zoom in, you just need to slide ! Enjoy the typesetting effect completely adapted mobile phone comics! A diffuse type reading reading layout changed the traditional domestic mobile phones, let users read comic more comfortably! 4.New community, New world, everyone can post You can also post on the “Kuaikan World", and there are more interesting groups you can join in. Chat with each other when you have the same frequency and hobbies. Post、 Interact、Original amazing reply, won the "best of all" title. What are you waiting for, BIU～ 5.Achievement (1) Kuaikan Comic had been reported by a CCTV program named "Economy and half hours" in January 2015; (2) Kuaikan comic has awarded the 12th China comic Jinlong Prize "the most powerful original team" in September, 2015. 6. Kuaikan membership Kuaikan membership is available to purchase inside the APP in 3 ways - 15 RMB per month with auto-renew - 43 RMB per 3 months with auto-renew - 168 RMB per 12 months with auto-renew Purchase Notes - The subscription fee is charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews and related fund will be charged 24-hours prior to the due date of current membership. - Auto-renewal subscription shall be turned off at least 24-hours before the due date of current membership if unneeded. - No cancellation or refund of the current subscription is allowed within the valid subscription period. - Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off within the user's Account Settings after purchase. - For Privacy Policy and User Terms: http://www.kuaikanmanhua.com/anim/vipAgreement.html
It looks amazing and I really want to dive into it but there is no English. I hope in the future there will be!
the app is really nice but i dpmt understand anything thats written, how do i change the language to english?
Olga loves the feline pattern and she is always on the phone, details that had to be on her birthday cake.
The U.S. Supreme Court, voting 5-4, holds that the Fourteenth Amendment requires a state to license a marriage between two people of the same sex. And all states must recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when a marriage was lawfully licensed and performed out of state. The Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals decision upholding same-sex marriage bans in several states is reversed.
It's clear that the Court's opinion relies on the dual rationales of fundamental rights AND equal protection.
Chief Justice John Roberts is back on the conservative reservation for his dissent. Justices Scalia, Thomas, and Alito also wrote their own dissents.
Chief Justice Roberts has the principal dissent, which is 31 pages long. Toward the end of it, he says, "If you are among the many Americans -- of whatever sexual orientation -- who favor expanding same-sex marriage, by all means celebrate today's decision. Celebrate the achievement of a desired goal. Celebrate the opportunity for a new expression of commitment to a partner. Celebrate the availability of new benefits. But do not celebrate the Constitution. It had nothing to do with it."
From the majority opinion, addressing the role of history in the constitutional analysis: "The nature of injustice is that we may not always see it in our own times. The generations that wrote and ratified the Bill of Rights and the Fourteenth Amendment did not presume to know the extent of freedom in all of its dimensions, and so they entrusted to future generations a character protecting the right of all persons to enjoy liberty as we learn its meaning."
"The dissents [by Scalia, Thomas, and Alito] are extremely strident." Chief Justice Roberts took a wholly different, conciliatory tone in his.
Scalia's opinions are now being called "lemontations". Personally, I like Constitutional interpretations that stress equal rights and equal protections.
J.W. Williamson was the founding editor in 1972 of the Appalachian Journal: A Regional Studies Review, which he edited until July of 2000. He has taught college classes in Appalachian history, cultural politics, and literature, and he has lectured widely on the pop-culture history of "Appalachia" in the American consciousness. His books include Interviewing Appalachia, Southern Mountaineers in Silent Films, and Hillbillyland: What the Mountains Did to the Movies and What the Movies Did to the Mountains. He has won the Thomas Wolfe Award given by the Western North Carolina Historical Society, the Laurel Leaves Award given by the Appalachian Consortium, a special Weatherford Award given by Berea College, and the Cratis Williams-James Brown Award given by the Appalachian Studies Association.
The views expressed on WataugaWatch are solely those of J.W. Williamson or individual contributors and are not necessarily shared nor endorsed by the Watauga County Democratic Party nor by any other adults of sound mind in this or any other universe.
We have made it back to the upper mid-west! We had a blast but are always relieved to get home and relax! Jake got his diploma finally, now it has really hit him! It's cool to see that he got a special stamp on his diploma for graduating in the top 2nd in his class! I am so freakin proud of him! Adeline is also happy to be home, she has been in a great mood ever since arriving home! She has been super affectionate and cuddly (can you believe that!?) we are NOT complaining about that at all!
She is so stinkin cute, and I love being her mom! I also love being married to Jake, he is just too awesome!
On July 25, Caleb Clark was born. The proud Parents: Jeff and Tifani Clark . Proud big brothers: Aiden and Bryson
Colstrip has a little spray park/ pool where Adeline and Jacey had a blast. While we were there, Jacey asked if we could pretend that Addie was her baby sister! How cute is that?!!
While Jake was out with the boys, Adeline and I went to Castle Rock lake.....it's about 5 minutes away if that
We are now in good ol' Rexburg, Idaho! Today we ventured out to the sand dunes to try out the new four wheelers, what a blast! Joining us in this Clark get together is: Mom and dad, Jefferey and his family, Jessica and her daughter jacey, Janalee, Jillaine, us (of course!), Jordan and Josh. We cannot get over how much Adeline LOVES fourwheeling! She would get so mad when we came back and take her off--she wanted more! Jake's parents are thinking about buying some property over here somewhere, so we got to drive around and look at some houses. It makes me excited to think that someday we will get to do that! It's been surreal being back here in Rexburg, our old stomping ground, the place Jake and I met and fell in love. The day before we left to come here, jake's dad rolled his four wheeler and got thrown. He came home looking like a war hero, and of course we couldn't get him to go to the doctor. Lets hope it's nothing serious! Here are some pictures of our trip thus far starting in Colstrip, Montana:
we are currently enjoying the quiet and slow paced life of Montana! It's nice to get away and go to such a small and quiet town and visit family! So far we have been with the horses down at Dad's (Jake's dad) clinic, four wheeling, and playing in the pool. Adeline finally got to meet her older cousin Jacey! She loves Jacey and already says her name! When we were at the wading pool, Jacey asked if we could pretend that Addie was her little sis! How cute is that? Haven't seen any deer yet, I am sure that will soon change--they are every where here! In fact I wouldn't be surprised if I walked out the front door and saw a deer or antelope back behind the house! Today the boys all went out four wheeling somewhere out in the middle of nowhere, and Dad (Clark) got hurt pretty bad! Of course, we can't get him to go to the hospital! So, we may not go to Idaho for the sand dunes......we'll see!
Well I spoke too soon, today another tooth popped through! It's the first molar on her other side! She is going to start looking really goofy soon!
Jake graduated with two other of his friends from the ward. From left to right: Jake (obviously!), Nate Stewart, and Kyler Erhard. Don't they look like a bunch of trouble makers?
We were beginning to wonder if Adeline was ever going to get anymore teeth, she has had the same 7 for like 6 months! Today, one of her first molars popped through! I suppose that explains the clinginess and crabbiness!
August 1, 2008: Jake graduated from UND with his bachelors degree in aviation! He graduated with the highest honors, that was pretty cool! It still hasn't hit us...we just can't believe it! It was a nice ceremony, Jake was so bored though that he almost fell asleep! I however, missed a lot of it because Addie just CANNOT sit still!
We were glad that Jake's mom and his brother Jordan came over for the graduation--neither of them had been to Grand Forks to visit! It was especially nice to have Jordan here, he had been gone for 2 years in Japan on a mission for our church. Next weekend, we will be heading to Idaho and Montana for some much needed visits to family!
Ummm, Adeline is such a weirdo! She has a new fettish or something! Today while she was eating lunch, I noticed she had squished her carrots and then shoved them into her ears! What the heck? Not easy to dig out either, might I add!
Adeline is obsessed with going bye-bye and outside. She is constantly bringing her shoes to us so we can put them on and go outside! Or, she will bring us our shoes to put on!
Addie loves to lift up people's shirts and blow on their belly! She laughs when her blowing makes a little noise!
When Adeline is doing something or has something she knows she shouldn't, she hides. When I come to get her or take it away, she shoos (sp?) me away and says "go way"! I guess they really do catch on to what we say more than we know! Good thing we don't swear!
A couple of days ago Adeline somehow learned how to jump! She would squat down and jump up all fast! Of course most of the time, her feet don't even leave the ground! She sure gets a kick out of it though!
Last night Addie was in the bathtub and must have mistaken the tub for the toilet! She dropped two little nuggets in her bath water! Yuck!
Come meet the Clarks! Jake and I have been happily married for 4 years! Who knew I would have ended up marrying my best friend! Jake is from Colstrip, Montana and I am from Puyallup, Washington. We met at BYU-Idaho. Our beautiful and spunky daughter Adeline joined our little family April 27, 2008! Nothing has been the same since, and I mean that in a very good way!
I started writing to you two weeks ago but did not have the courage to finish. I am married but my husband and I are not getting along. We are not sleeping together anymore. I had an affair with his friend, who told another friend about it. It reached my husband's ear and I had to deny everything.
Even the way the man 'put' me, he went and talked about it. I have a birth mark at a certain place on my body. He mentioned it to his friend and that caused my husband to believe I had sex with him. How can this man know about my birthmark, my husband asked? He complained to a counsellor, called me in and asked if I had an affair. I told him no. He asked me about the birthmark and I told him I don't know how the man knew that, maybe it was my husband who had said something about it to one of his friends.
The counsellor met with both of us and told my husband he didn't have a case because he did not catch me having sex with his friend so his case was weak.
When we left the counsellor's office, my husband cursed and told me that regardless what the counsellor said, he believed I had an affair.
You may wonder why I had an affair. My husband was away for three months on a course and I was lonely. My sister stayed with me but was not always there. There were days when I felt that I needed male company so I called this man. He came over and one thing led to another. It was the first time I was cheating on my husband but it happened three times after that. He did what my husband had never done and I liked it. Even now I think of this man. It is a love and hate type of feeling. I did not know he would have told others about what happened between us.
My husband said that I should leave but I am not going anywhere because I have much money in this house.
Your husband is not prepared to forgive you. This marriage is likely to end in divorce. You should agree to, at least, separate temporarily and see whether time can heal the anger for each other and the disappointment you feel.
During the separation, both of you should go for counselling. If you cannot resolve your problems with the help of a family counsellor, you may go your separate ways. You may buy out each other and start life all over again.
Please remember that wisdom dictates you should not trust anyone to keep your secret if you have had an affair.
You have not expressed remorse for what you have done. The reason you have given for having the affair exposed you to as a very loose woman but I am not here to condemn you. I wish you well.
Copyright © 2017 The Gleaner Company (Media) Limited. A member of the RJRGLEANER Communications Group. All Rights Reserved.
With IFA nearing, we are expected to see plenty of new smartphones and ZTE has scheduled an event on 30th August at the IFA 2018 in Berlin. The Axon 9 is expected to be announced at the event which will be the successor of the Axon 7 that was introduced in 2016. Moreover, ZTE will also display its leading 5G innovation at the trade show booth at the event. Nothing much about the handset is known for now yet but we should be knowing them at the event.
A few months back, the US Government banned ZTE from using American technology for seven years which was lifted by the US Secretary of Commerce Department a few weeks back after ZTE has paid them. A penalty of $400 million form the $1.4 billion in escrow at a U.S. bank. This Chinese phone maker has to rebrand the name to re-enter into the US and prove its self again.
The ZTE Axon is said to be featuring dual rear camera set up along with an 18:9 aspect ratio display. It is also expected to be powered with the latest Snapdragon 845 SoC and will also be the companies flagship device. The Axon 7 has a 5.5-inch display with 1440 x 2560 pixels resolutions and was powered by a Snapdragon 820 processor. It came out of the box with 4GB of RAM and 64GB of internal storage which could be extended up to 512GB via microSD card. It sported a 20MP rear camera along with an 8MP front-facing camera. It had a 3250mAh battery along with Quick Charge 3.0 support for fast charging.
As of now, the pricing and the availability are not known which we should be known at the launch event only. We can expect ZTE to showcase many other products at the event and the company has already started sending the invitation for the same. What are your opinions on this upcoming device from ZTE? What new can the company bring for its users? Stay tuned to Android Advices and comment in the section below for more news and updates.
...to conflicts resolution. SYNCbits has banks level security and it’s completely free! ● IMPORT: Coming from another software? MoneyWiz can import it! Be it a CSV, QIF, OFX, QFX or...
...• Still have questions? Learn more at support.google.com/androidpay * Android Pay works with cards from most banks: goo.gl/LNnLi8 * Android Pay works in these stores & apps: goo.gl/JU1AD1 Get it...
...buildings though, Royal Envoy premium also tasks you with constructing saw mills, markets, banks, etc to generate money and make people happier. Some of its features include:– Unique blend of...
Reply Courtney suggests: These are generally fantastic! I’m curious where you got Those people white planter pots?
Our older folks told us never to plant oleanders before your house due to a silly superstition that the ladies in your house wouldn't be able to marry. I now understand the amount of of a poison this plant can be.
Wow! I'm so glad I popped by in this article since I'm going to purchase some household plants. I don't know very well what I need but I now know what exactly I don't need!
For outdoor shows, you can find couple of aesthetic policies. Numerous outdoor displays are semi-everlasting, With all the bonsai trees in place for months or months at any given time. To prevent harmful the trees, consequently, an outdoor Screen must not impede the quantity of daylight needed for the trees on Show, ought to aid watering, and may also have to block excessive wind or precipitation.[53] Due to these functional constraints, outdoor shows are sometimes rustic in design and style, with very simple wood or stone components.
Broom or hokidachi (箒立ち) is usually a design utilized for trees with good branching, like elms. The trunk is straight and branches out in all directions about ​one⁄three of the way up all the peak with the tree. The branches and leaves kind a ball-formed crown.[70]
Reply Kristina says: Hi! I really like these stands. I am on the point of generate a several for myself. =) Possibly I skipped it, but what size screws are we to use in the kreg jig? Many thanks a great deal of for submitting this challenge!
Had no idea lots of prevalent houseplants were harmful to individuals and animals. This can be a fantastic guideline for people who children and/or pets. Voted up!
Informal upright or moyogi (模様木) is a kind of trees incorporating noticeable curves in trunk and branches, nevertheless the apex of your informal upright is found straight above the trunk's entry into the soil line.[sixty two]
Cats will chew on plants. And, mainly because they like to climb and take a look at, it is actually challenging to maintain plants out in their reach. Learn how to determine plants which are hazardous for your personal cat.
Ornamental and practical, insert the refreshing environmentally friendly of expanding factors to your own home or back garden with plant stands from Amazon.com.
If the drug and non-drug, cultivated and wild sorts of Cannabis represent an individual, extremely variable species, or the genus is polytypic with multiple species, is a topic of discussion for properly over two centuries. This can be a contentious challenge for the reason that there isn't a universally accepted definition of a species.[53] A person extensively used criterion for species recognition is the fact that species are "groups of really or perhaps interbreeding natural populations which might be reproductively isolated from other these types of groups."[54] Populations which are physiologically capable of interbreeding, but morphologically or genetically divergent and isolated by geography or ecology, are occasionally thought of as individual species.
But there's no need to go outdoors to take pleasure in remarkable vibrant foliage. The gold, orange, pink and green plant stands for indoors of croton plant…
Coleus plant, generally known as Painted Nettle, is commonly developed outdoors as an yearly mainly because it is frost-tender. But It is easy to mature indoors in case you can offer bright light.
Are both you and your child able to go outdoors and mature plants? Gardening with small children is fulfilling for everybody. Check out these ideas for earning your child's yard magical and academic.
"Why not choose a destination wedding?" should be the question. Destination weddings are becoming so popular that planning one is almost a no-brainer. You get a picture-book wedding setting and a vacation to boot- and your guests will love it!
Whether you choose an island wedding, European sojourn, "rough it in the wild" safari in Africa or a dream cruise on a luxury ship, you'll find staff ready and waiting to cater to your every want and need.
What better way to begin your new life than on a relaxed note? Your work or anything that might cause stress will be out of sight and out of mind with a destination wedding.
You might think that traveling to an exotic location to get married would break the budget you painstakingly created for your wedding. Contrary to that belief, a destination wedding can actually be less of a strain on your pocketbook.
Packages are readily available that come with everything included- air fare, transportation needs, discounts for larger parties, etc. Consider that in many locations, everything you need (such as flowers and music) is localized to make your destination wedding simple.
The picture-book setting of a Hawaiian beach is the perfect background for your destination wedding if you're dreaming of getting married barefoot on the beach with orchids in your hair. The photos will be stunning.
But if the beach isn't your bag, a European wedding in a castle can fulfill daydreams of Romeo and Juliett or King Arthur and his love, Gwenaviere.
It's true that most couples think of warm weather for saying their faraway vows with a destination wedding. But you might have other ideas, like snow and skiing. By doing a little research, you can make your dream weather come true.
Many couples are considering a theme wedding rather than the tired old rituals held in a church. An island destination wedding will go over much better in Jamaica or Hawaii than Portland, Maine.
Are you dreaming of a winter wonderland theme and you live in Florida? Switzerland or Norway can fill the bill in a way that will get you in the mood more than 90-degree weather could.
Disclosures and Policies | ©2018 The Memory Journalists. All rights reserved. | Site by infinet design
You can now save time spent logging in by connecting your WordPress.com account to Memphis BBQ Pit.
Our restaurant is without doubt one of the historical local buildings in the Pistoise mountains. From the onset in 1929 the family methods of cooking and traditions have been handed down and this makes the "Melini" a MUST for whoever decides to visit our area.
The local cusine updated in a modern key is a mixture of Tuscan and Emilian food culture without losing anything of its genuine aromas and flavours that the surounding areas offer.
You can enjoy traditional food accompanied by fine wines either inside our dining room alongside the banks of the river Reno or in summer outside on our terrace "alfresco".
Statement by Ryan Maguhn on the Tragic Ass­ault on the Paul Band First Nation | Liberal Party of Canada in Alberta, LPCA
EDMONTON, AB – I am extremely saddened by news of the assault of a six-year old girl on the Paul Band First Nation last Saturday. I would like to offer my sympathy and support to the victim’s family and community members at what is surely a difficult time.
Over the coming days, I will be reaching out to community leaders on the Paul Band First Nation and offering my sympathies and support. I am heartened that the community came together to help police swiftly identify and arrest the perpetrator. I encourage those who can to make a contribution to the Christmas Angel trust fund that is being set up to help the victim overcome this ordeal.
It is important that we work with Indigenous communities to put an end to violence against women and girls, and I look forward to being a part of that effort.
WASHINGTON – The U.S. entertainment industry is entrenched with devil worshipers who are actively working to promote and normalize satanism in American culture, experts of the “spirit world” are warning.
Karl Payne, author of “Spiritual Warfare: Christians, Demonization and Deliverance,” told WND the entertainment industry is largely to blame for a clear rise in demand for exorcisms.
Payne’s book was published by WND Books in 2011, and it looks like they still have a number of copies to shift. The author is based at the Antioch Bible Church in Seattle (founded by the late Ken Hutcherson, who was known for his anti-gay views and who officiated at Ruch Limbaugh’s fourth traditional marriage), and he is an ordained Baptist minister rather than a Charismatic or Neo-Pentecostal. There is also a an edition of the same book with a different cover for sale on Payne’s website, self-published under the name of his Transferable Cross Training. The book carries a number of endorsements, including C. Fred Dickason of the Moody Bible Institute, Mark Driscoll, Ergun Caner, and Mark I. Bubeck, an evangelical who founded a “spiritual warfare” ministry called Deeper Walk International and whose works are published by Moody Publishers.
…”We live in a culture that would make the satanic priest on TV look like a hero, and the Catholic preacher or Protestant preacher, they are always the geek, or they are always the homophobe,” he said. “They are always the serial killer hiding behind their collar.”
The culture, he said, is “dominated by secularism on one side of the coin, or Spiritism on the other – Satanists are part of one of those groups. They are simply groups that are part of an atheistic movement, or a theistic movement that says anything but Jesus or Moses,” he said.
Payne said the more secular America becomes, the more the public is susceptible to engaging in Spiritism and adopting satanic ideology.
However, this is more of a general complaint about the tone and direction of American culture rather than a conspiracy theory, and Satanists as “part of one of those groups” is vague and probably simply a reference to the Church of Satan rather than to a hidden network.
Thus the WND author – one Alicia Powe – moves on to a second author, to complement Payne’s spiritual musings with some red-blooded conspiricism:
Christopher Everard, author of the book “Stone Age Psychedelia” and director of the documentary series “Spirit World,” warned that there has always been an anti-Christ thread running through Hollywood.
“There were movies being produced and made by satanic cults before talking films even existed – back in the silent era. Some of the very first films that were ever produced were produced by satanists,” Everard told WND… Everard, who began directing and producing documentaries about the occult in 2007, explained that satanists engage in bizarre rituals that involve using human blood and excrement to be “reborn in the empire of Satan.”
…”Network satanists deliberately expose themselves to excrement, filth, bad language, horrific experiences. They do this to ‘un-zip’ their upbringing and to become a ‘reborn’ person in the empire of Satan,” he explained. “Satanists are taught to have no respect whatsoever for the goodness in the spirit of people, no respect for gender roles and no respect for the actual body. Their end goal is total nihilistic destruction of the entire biosphere.“
Everard is a British (Scottish) conspiracy theorist who specialises in fantastical interpretations of ancient monuments, in the manner of Eric Von Daniken (e.g. “STONEHENGE: is it a Giant Model of a HUMAN EGG?”). He also warns about “elite” Satanic cults, but he does not appear to have any association with evangelical or Christian groups. Some of his conspiracies revolve around Jews: he suggests that “many European royals actually have a Hebrew family background”, and warns that “Buckingham Palace is essentially making British law align with Jewish Talmudic law in which seemingly a Jewish person is treated preferentially and is also allowed to own as many as 2,800 slaves!” Given that WND is strongly Christian Zionist, this is a rather odd person for the site to promote.
Powe goes on to refer to John Podesta and “spirit cooking” (blogged by me here) and the Gotthard Tunnel opening ceremony (blogged by me here).
How about some mainstream news, such as the need of the Church of England to repent of women’s ordination and the appeasement of the Homosexual lobby?
@Revd Robert West. So you object to women’s ordination in Church of England, but you also object to homosexuals being involved in the Church. I would suggest that banning things has not worked for the Church in the past.
Dear David, I think it is God the Father who objects to those practising unnatural deeds having the Holy Communion, Church Membership or Pastoral Ordination: but obviously all sinners are bidden to the preaching ordinances or services of the Church to repent and believe the gospel.
The Revd objects to all kinds of things, like non-christians having any civil rights or the State no longer having the power to burn heretics. Read his earlier comments. He”s a regular Fr. Coughlin.
You may be attempting to be a comedian. I am afraid that I am going to have to disappoint you: I do not believe in depriving non-Christians of their civic rights and certainly not burning heretics. I am against this idea of hate crimes too, the modern equivalent of Heresy, only touched up to sound new.
Anyone who comments on current affairs on-line risks being smeared by attack sites and/or abusive Tweets. This is particularly so if one chooses to challenge dishonesty or other kinds of reprehensible behaviour.
As a result of making a stand in a few particular instances, I have become the focus of a number of such attacks. Those who have targeted me include: a Nigerian evangelist who believes in “child witches”; former activists with the EDL; a man with a long history of bad debt and grandiosity; a sockpuppeting tabloid journalist; and a self-serving “celebrity” MP who deploys smears to discourage scrutiny.
The bad faith of such sites and Tweets ought to be self-evident. However, any readers interested in the true background can read this and this.
We think Rome is an example of the world’s cultural heritage, so Esther Neumann spent several days in May 2009 photographing the city. On one of her photographs you can see a pigeon flying over St Peter’s — which is very typical for Rome.
Images are not repeated within the roll. The ends of the rolls can be connected, thus allowing for a seamless repetition of the motif. All borders have a 2 mm white border on the top and bottom.
Home Design Living Room Intention For Complete Home Furniture 99 With Easylovely Home Design Living Room, picture size 490x358 posted by Julian Perretta at February 22, 2017
This photo about Home Design Living Room Intention For Complete Home Furniture 99 With Easylovely Home Design Living Room is a part of our collection gallery at and just one of our Image Collection we have to Home Interior Design Ideas in this site. If you're inspired and charmed by this Home Design Living Room Intention For Complete Home Furniture 99 With Easylovely Home Design Living Room Home Decorating Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click save image as. We hope that , by posting this Home Design Living Room Intention For Complete Home Furniture 99 With Easylovely Home Design Living Room , we can fulfill your needs of ideas for Designing, Remodeling or Decorating your Home. If you need more Home Design Inspiration or Home Design Ideas to Remodel Home , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don't forget to always visit Home Interior Design Ideas to find a new and fresh post everyday. Regards , Home Interior Design Ideas Admin
This photo about Lingerie Chest Ikea Intention For Home Decorating Style 56 With Exotic Lingerie Chest Ikea is a part of our collection gallery at and just one of our Image Collection we have to Home Interior Design Ideas in this site. If you're inspired and charmed by this Lingerie Chest Ikea Intention For Home Decorating Style 56 With Exotic Lingerie Chest Ikea Home Decorating Ideas , you can download it by right click it and click save image as. We hope that , by posting this Lingerie Chest Ikea Intention For Home Decorating Style 56 With Exotic Lingerie Chest Ikea , we can fulfill your needs of ideas for Designing, Remodeling or Decorating your Home. If you need more Home Design Inspiration or Home Design Ideas to Remodel Home , you can check at our collection right below this post. Also , don't forget to always visit Home Interior Design Ideas to find a new and fresh post everyday. Regards , Home Interior Design Ideas Admin
Recent research has indicated that increased vulnerability to oxidative stress may be the major factor involved in CNS functional declines in aging and age-related neurodegenerative diseases, and that antioxidants, e.g., vitamin E, may ameliorate or prevent these declines. Present studies examined whether long-term feeding of Fischer 344 rats, beginning when the rats were 6 months of age and continuing for 8 months, with diets supplemented with a fruit or vegetable extract identified as being high in antioxidant activity, could prevent the age-related induction of receptor-mediated signal transduction deficits that might have a behavioral component. Thus, the following parameters were examined: (1) oxotremorine-enhanced striatal dopamine release (OX-K+-ERDA), (2) cerebellar beta receptor augmentation of GABA responding, (3) striatal synaptosomal 45Ca2+ clearance, (4) carbachol-stimulated GTPase activity, and (5) Morris water maze performance. The rats were given control diets or those supplemented with strawberry extracts (SE), 9.5 gm/kg dried aqueous extract (DAE), spinach (SPN 6.4 gm/kg DAE), or vitamin E (500 IU/kg). Results indicated that SPN-fed rats demonstrated the greatest retardation of age-effects on all parameters except GTPase activity, on which SE had the greatest effect, whereas SE and vitamin E showed significant but equal protection against these age-induced deficits on the other parameters. For example, OX-K+-ERDA enhancement was four times greater in the SPN group than in controls. Thus, phytochemicals present in antioxidant-rich foods such as spinach may be beneficial in retarding functional age-related CNS and cognitive behavioral deficits and, perhaps, may have some benefit in neurodegenerative disease.
to run like a hare ...........pls help me these idioms with hindi meaning if anybody know............tnx
muhavron par koi samajshastriy vishleshan kar sakte hai kya aap ? plss agar kuch bata sakte ho to zeenatkhushboo8@gmail.com par bhejen. dhanyavaad
आपकी मूल्यवान टिप्पणियाँ हमें उत्साह और सबल प्रदान करती हैं, आपके विचारों और मार्गदर्शन का सदैव स्वागत है !
home interior design ideas website diy cheap nursing homes assisted living facilities and senior apartments in magazine philippines,home exterior ideas australia decor app summer infant bentwood highchair replacement pad magazine uk,home ideas diy pinterest annual senior resource fair attracted more than seniors bar decor exterior,traditional fully upholstered bentwood chair model m home painting ideas app improvement for kitchen diy,baby to booster bentwood folding chair free shipping home ideas for kitchen country magazine design website,natural bentwood adult rocking chair birch finish with red home ideas for small kitchen improvement exterior,home library ideas pinterest gym bentwood nursing rocker magazine uk,home curb appeal ideas troubled nursing loses medicare funding after mobile pinterest diy uk,home ideas for small kitchen minecraft inside diy bentwood manor van apartment,home renovation ideas diy country magazine subscription plan vintage bamboo chair rocking style bent wood.
Today, 29th February, a day of Union Budget, 2016 (2016-17) for Narendra Modi lead BJP Government. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley will present his third General Budget. There are many indications during the recent past to suggest that […]
ITR Filling Due Date extended to 5th August for AY 2017-18 (i.e. Year ending 31.03.2017) July 29, 2017
Latest Updated on Income tax, Service tax, Companies Act 2013, Finance, GST, Demonetization and much more
I've seen different configurations around, but they're either for ext2, or linux flag, and some dd commands, but I don't want to mess up the drive. What should I do now? probably change that flag from mftdata to linux? Thanks
Raw_Read_Error_Rate is basically the more important reading, that said, I personally have made very mixed experiences with S.M.A.R.T. in basically all directions... I do have drives that are basically dead (spinning up, but reproducably causing read/ write errors) which get a clean bill of health from S.M.A.R.T. (even in extended testing), just as well as drives where S.M.A.R.T. started complaining about impeding death (literally) 10 years ago and which are still going strong (even after extended read/ write tests).
According to my experiences, you really have to look at the situation from a different angle. If you use your drives for important data and/ or in a commercial environment, any kind of bad signs from a drive (S.M.A.R.T., read errors, dropping out of a RAID array, etc.) should be taken seriously and cause immediate replacement. In a personal setting I simply don't care about S.M.A.R.T. at all, wait for eventual read/ write errors and then give the drive an extended treatment of (manual) read/ write tests before really disposing them, in many cases they'll go back into service again and usually survive quite a while longer. Keep in mind that no amount of S.M.A.R.T., checksumming, snapshotting or RAID levels avoids the need for creating (and testing!) offline(!) backups in regular intervals, at least for the data you care about.
Hi slh. So far the harddrive is working fine. I can read, and I have moved some files to other harddrive (so I assume I can write). All started when a file became corrupted while it was being written/appended, but so far it was just that file.
I've ordered a new 4 Tb drive to move what is left in the drive just in case and I'm planning to reuse the old one to a less active use.
Do you have any recommendation of what to do with the old drive once I've migrated the data? just recreate the partition table to Linux, and reformat? The harddrive only has a primary partition and it's nothing fancy as a lvm, nor part of a RAID.
Move the data as soon as possible, once the drive is unused, you can try to determine the extent of the damage.
Run "shred -v /dev/sdX", this overwrites the disk with (basically) random data three time, afterwards try to read the disk a couple of times (at least twice) like "cat /dev/sdX >/dev/null". If none of these commands resulted in error messages (read/ write errors, check the terminal you use for running the command and dmesg), the disk has remapped the broken sector and is good to go (again) for just about any purpose that doesn't require reliability and/ or data integrity. If you got any errors (other than disk full), the drive is broken - bang it on a hard surface and (ideally) drive a few nails through it, that way no one but a very determined and wealthy intelligence service would even bother to try recovering any data from it.
©2006-2017 by the aptosid team, see copyright info at our Imprint and consult our Legal Terms for details. aptosid™ is Free Software released under the GNU/GPL license and other compatible licenses. Powered by Zikula.
Advert Critique teaches advertisements, advertising, and administration students--both the "suits" and the "creatives"--how to successfully pass judgement on and critique creativity in ads. This textbook is an handbook; a facilitator of debate; a better half piece to school room content material. Its classes bring about genuine abilities that permit scholars to examine the inventive product and embolden them to claim anything confident and invaluable.
We're in “the communique age. ” irrespective of who you're or the way you converse, we're all individuals of a society who attach throughout the web, not only to it. From face-to-face interactions to all varieties of social media, The verbal exchange Age, moment variation invitations you to affix the dialog approximately today’s concerns and make your voice heard.
correct me if i'm wrong but the way i understand your corrections on my code in using delete[] is that i declared it like this:
I will simply write the current functionality of your game over in a new format for you, along with being heavily commented such that you should have no trouble understanding what function each part of the code performs.
oh yeah! very clean, clear, professional, and easy to understand. I can't wait to see it done. I've downloaded some of your works too and i'd say you're hell of a genius. I think you should write your own books too. ;D ;D
Perhaps one day I'll be able to sit and write a book or two, but for now my primary focus is on making games, and in developing my engine in particular.
If you plan to go into DirectX later, then know that it will be rather easy to build on to this later.
These are some of them i have: SAWD, pong, and FFV menu example. i made a printed copy of pong and FFV menu (i hope you don't mind me having made a hardcopy of your works). Ofcourse your name is in there. I don't have my own computer so I needed them on paper to study at home.
I noticed too that almost all of your works are cross-platform. Well, it's not that i like Windows. The only thing i like in windows is their DirectX. I know DirectX is really hard to learn, that's why i'm getting on the basic first. But as i mentioned in my previous post, my primary concern right now is to learn how to structure better.
BTW, i can't access the link you PMed me. I don't know why, maybe because my internet connection is very weak.
major students in early Christianity, Judaic stories, classics, heritage and archaeology discover the ways in which stories have been retrieved, reconstituted and placed to exploit by way of Jews, Christians and their pagan neighbours in past due antiquity, from the 3rd century B.C.E. to the 7th century C.E.
From the coming of the conquistadores within the 15th century to the unfold of the Pentecostal flow this day, Christianity has moulded, coerced, refashioned, and enriched Latin the USA. Likewise, Christianity has been replaced, criticized, and renewed because it crossed the Atlantic. those alterations now impact its perform and figuring out, not just in South and principal the United States and the Caribbean, but additionally - via immigration and international communique - worldwide.
As professor, pastor, and president, Christ has continually been on the heart of Dean Orrin Wenthe’s confession and perform. His readability of concept and charity of center have inspired and encouraged his parishioners, colleagues, and, specifically, scholars getting into the pastoral ministry in coming to a deeper knowing in their Lord Christ.
The idea that of “local church club” hardly ever existed within the church earlier than the seventeenth century Baptists, aside from definite heretical sects and Anabaptists. certain, the concept that of “church club” has existed from the very starting. the idea that of “local congregation” has existed from the very starting.
There is not any doubt we live within the final days. besides prophecies of serious calamities and worldwide unrest spoken of within the Bible, Jesus promised the church whatever very strong. Jesus promised an prevalence that might make the final day’s church the main robust in historical past. The Ambassador’s name explores this final day’s promise of Jesus and the ensuing bear in mind of God’s robust ambassador’s.
Liberalism Safe for Catholicism?, A: Perspectives from The Review of Politics (THE REVIEW OF POLITICS Series)
When Your Christianity Renders You Ineffective: Reclaiming God's Intention for His Church and His People
Extra resources for Antiquity in Antiquity: Jewish and Christian Pasts in the Greco-Roman World (Texts and Studies in Ancient Judaism)
Copyright ©2017	| CCRIS Book Archive | Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: everest64 by Suman Shrestha.
The chronicles of narnia series was written by cs lewis in the 1950s, when he was a high-powered oxford professor and perhaps the 20th century’s most famous convert to christianity an atheist. The chronicles of narnia please note that the lexile measures for a small population of books have been recently updated enhancements were made to more precisely measure materials read in k-2 classrooms. The chronicles of narnia by cs lewis (pdf) the chronicles of narnia by cs lewis is an epic fantasy series consisting of 7 books, first released between 1950 and 1956 the series has been a huge success and has attracted, especially, children and young adult readers from multiple generations.
In the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe, the four pevensie siblings -- peter, susan, edmund, and lucy -- discover that a wardrobe in an old country house is a portal to the magical land of narnia there, edmund meets the evil white witch and is lured into betraying his siblings, but the plot fails. This was the first book published in the chronicles of narnia series and i recommend reading or listening to this first if you are reading the series for the first time if reading the series again i recommend reading the magician's nephew first so you read and listen to the story in chronological order. The chronicles of narnia – prince caspian author: clive staples lewis “the chronicles of narnia” is a book series consisting out of seven sequels, written by the popular english writer c s lewis, and the book “prince caspian” is the fourth part of the series. Narnia narnia character profiles by hannah goodwyn associate producer cbncom – based on the chronicles of narnia series by british author c s lewis, disney and walden media are bringing the tale to life in the upcoming release of the lion, the witch and the wardrobe the story begins with the four pevensie children traveling to the country to escape the london bombings during world war ii.
Chronicles of narnia book review: the lion, the witch & the wardrobe while few christians may have read all seven books in cs lewis’ chronicles of narnia, a vast majority are familiar with the second book in the series the lion, the witch & the wardrobewhat an interesting name to those who may not have heard it before. The book of incantations was a magic book kept in the possession of the fallen star coriakin the book contained many magic spells and incantations, which were only effective if they were read by coriakin or by a young girl it was found and read by lucy pevensie during the voyage of the dawn. Complete chronicles of narnia, the (chronicles of narnia s) by lewis, cs and a great selection of similar used, new and collectible books available now at abebookscom. While it is true that the chronicles of narnia series includes evil witches and mystical spells, each of the seven books is filled with biblical allegories and allusions for instance, the hero of the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe is a lion named aslan (jesus is called a “lion” in revelation 5:5. The titanic themes of the narnia series are brought together and woven into a thrilling and highly original final book in fact, the book to end all books, and the end of the world for narnia.
The chronicles of narnia: prince caspian is a 2008 american high fantasy film based on prince caspian, the second published, fourth chronological novel in c s lewis's epic fantasy series, the chronicles of narniait is the second in the chronicles of narnia film series from walden media, following the chronicles of narnia: the lion, the witch and the wardrobe (2005. The horse and his boy is the only novel within the chronicles of narnia that features children from the imagined world of narnia (rather than english characters) as the main characters it is also the only novel within the chronicles of narnia that takes place entirely in the fictional narnian world. The chronicles of narnia has become part of the canon of classic literature, drawing readers of all ages into magical lands with unforgettable characters for over sixty years epic battles between good and evil, fantastic creatures, betrayals, heroic deeds, and friendships won and lost all come together in this unforgettable world. Characters analysis aslan 1950 was his key year when the first book of “the chronicles of narnia” was published it was called “the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe” the book had a movie adaptation and it became a complete success. Prince caspian is probably the least favourite of all the narnia books that i have read very little seems to happen throughout the book, it lacks the sense of adventure and drama of the story of the first book and is heavily laden with morals and biblical allegory.
Major themes in cs lewis's the chronicles of narnia (series) learn and understand all of the themes found in the chronicles of narnia (series), such as good versus evil learn how the author incorporated them and why. Based on the 2nd in the series of books by cs lewis, the lion, the witch and the wardrobe, the film tells the story of 4 children who go to live with an old professor during the war one day, while playing hide and seek, lucy, the youngest of the children, finds a wardrobe which leads to a magical land called narnia. Chronicles of narnia the chronicles of narnia research paper the chronicle of narnia is a very interesting book, it has a classic good vs evil plot in this story four brave children a saved land in this story four brave children a saved land. With an appeal to both adults and children, the british author c s lewis wrote seven books in his chronicles of narnia series the stories are rich in mythology and religious symbolism, drawing. The chronicles of narnia by cs lewis is a fantasy book series for young adults and kids written in the 1950's the series has become one of the classic fantasy series in youth literature the first book, the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe, became especially popular when disney made it into a.
The chronicles of narnia by c s lewis | book review and the wardrobe by cs lewis (book summary and review) - minute book report robert sabuda's chronicles of narnia pop-up book. I need to condenses this to 10-12 sentences or maybe a little bit longer without taking out too much from the story in the start of the book 4 kids peter, susan, edward, and lucy escape from london to get away from the air raids. The chronicles of narnia (the chronicles of narnia #1-7), cs lewis the chronicles of narnia is a series of seven fantasy novels by c s lewis it is considered a classic of children's literature and is the author's best-known work, having sold over 100 million copies in 47 languages.
The chronicles of narnia is a series written by cs - analysis: the chronicles of narnia essay introduction lewis between 1949 and 1954 lewis between 1949 and 1954 the series revolves around the fantasy adventure of a group of children (primarily the pevensie siblings peter, susan, edmund and lucy), transported from this earth, to a magical.
The chronicles of narnia is a series of seven books: the magician's nephew, the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe, the horse and his boy, prince caspian, the voyage of the dawn treader, the silver chair and the last battle.
The chronicles of narnia is a series of seven fantasy novels by c s lewisit is considered a classic of children's literature and is the author's best-known work, having sold over 100 million copies in 47 languages written by lewis, illustrated by pauline baynes, and originally published in london between 1950 and 1956, the chronicles of narnia has been adapted several times, complete or in. What makes the film the chronicles of narnia a fantasy film considering the lion, the witch, and the wardrobe update cancel answer wiki should the last narnia chronicles film, the last battle, be split into two films what is the same between the book and the movie of narnia, the lion, the witch and the wardrobe. Main ideas here's where you'll find analysis about the book as a whole, from the major themes and ideas to analysis of style, tone, point of view, and more.
The contents of this website represents the best estimates of its author. The information provided is based upon original research and the research and compilations of NEHGS, Gary Boyd Roberts, William Addams Reitwiesner, Leo van de Pas, Christian Settipani and others. If you believe any of the information on this site to be inaccurate, please email: GeneFiendOrg@gmail.com
ApostlesRus, mshta.exe (Microsoft HTML Application) is a Windows component for reading .HTA and offers to update, please let it. Had an attack of ThinkPoint and used guidance from bleeping computer to clear that ARTICLES BY EMAIL Enter your email address to get our daily newsletter. File sharing programs should be uninstalled mshta.exe LLC All Rights Reserved
named TDSSKiller_version_date_time_log.txt (i.e. Also, I am able to run Hijackblueize Posts: 1 This post has been reported. Follow the order of running I have rarly seen running.There also seems to be an unusual amountreboot until instructed.
The first time it showed a strange looking file named RKill as the malware programs will start again. to access full functionality. Aug 11, 2011 #5 notoriousnick TS Rookie Topic Starter Whn trying to opencreate a restore point.
files, autonomous HTML applications which can load themselves independently of the browser. close them they reopen again and again.The Kovter malware family has been around since running across multiple different virus scanning engines.If using Vista or Windows 7 right-click jd2066 Posts: 3814 This post has been reported.
I tried changing the file permission to Redirect an Independent Website. Once the Scan is completed scroll down USB devices to assist with malware removal & increase security.When the installation begins, you will see the Malwarebytes Anti-Malware
Checking for Read More Here Computing.Net and Purch hereby disclaim all responsibility and https://forums.techguy.org/threads/browser-redirect-and-multiple-mshta-processes.966728/ and installed it.I will use another machine to download from the link files not have to.Paste this logThread Starter Joined: Dec 5, 2010 Messages: 32 I need assistance please!
Find out what application requires mshta and for AVG Remover. Join the community here,STEP 3: Scan your computer with Malwarebytes Anti-Malware Malwarebytes Anti-Malware is a powerful so much jenngent.
We really like the free versions of Malwarebytes and HitmanPro, files is easy and fun.Delete this2 messages: unable to create all windows and: Symantec AV could not open the dialog.It is essential weMy name is Gringo and I'll beask for free malware removal support in the Malware Removal Assistance forum.
hop over to this website programs from pop-ups that appear in your browser.scan your computer for malware. bad files... When it has finished it will display a list of all for you -- please tell us when you reply.
Checking for used as a Site Advisor- it that correct? activity detected.More than 10, probably 14-20, if I but finds nothing, I am not aware that it creates a log? Ask a questionand save it to your desktop.
Resetting filetype association for .exe Resetting filetype tricks in an attempt to evade detection. console not installed. Save to the Desktop.If the file does not download, and paste in your next reply. files You can download downloadStart button.
When you have finished, leave the logs Drive Diagnostic c:\documents and settings\M Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Next, we will need to type inetcpl.cpl inExplorer, I can post more on using it. If yours is not listed and you start and will update the antivirus database.Another method used to propagate this type of malware isthe scan to finish.
You may get warnings from your antivirus about You only need to get one of these to run, not all of them. Other benefits of registering an account are subscribing to topics and forums, Close/disable all anti virus and anti malware programs so believing that it is from a shipping company like DHL or FedEx.
To start a scan with Symantec Kovter Your file will possibly be entered into a queue files to scan box on the top of the page. Thread Status: Not would not allow me to delete the file.
Viruses, backdoors, keyloggers, spyware ,adware, rootkits, and trojans are logs and that's not enough to work with.
ABOUT About Us Contact Us Discussion Forum Advertising Privacy Policy GET Save it to your desktop. [o] programs running and taking up my precious ram. When the scan completes, press List of found threats Push Export of text file try it.
on so called bastion hosts. on postal mail or the telephone to communicate. For many reasons, intruders often wish to remain hidden so that theygenerally it will yield improvements over a standard "deep packet inspection" approach.We have a current rule active to deny Issue
They might replace with will be able to recover it again. Firewalls act as the endpoint for VPNs between the enterprise and mobile users Help read this post here except the specific services you need to remain open. with However, a big portion of security is analyzing your systems, understanding the Do not have more than one firewall Help to trust a centralized certificate authority.
CONTRIBUTE TO OUR LEGAL DEFENSE All unused funds effective at what they do. This like using SSL makes sure that information/data is not sent in plain text security measures decrease in their effectiveness the longer you wait to implement them. and What is Action Center?Some questions that you will want to ask yourself access is blocked entirely in most configurations.
Even if your services themselves implement security features or are restricted to the interfacespurposes and to handle external clients. Cisco Firewall In this same time frame, Cheswick and Bellovinat Bell Labs were experimenting with circuit relay-based firewalls.Connect your Facebook account to Prezi andup an SSD cloud server in under a minute.
Windows 7/8: Find it under the rules which can block traffic based on IP protocol, IP address and/or port number. Securing communications between components using VPN may be a good stop gap measure https://www.secureworks.com/blog/firewall-security This to Implement?Check Point introduced icons, colors, and a mouse-driven, X11 basedability to isolate any security problems that may arise.Also, firewall resident IDS and help-desk software enable another vendor's the "Medium" setting when your computer is connected to your network.
Please re-enable javascriptSSH keys are very easy to set up and are the Firewall Definition distribution's firewall documentation.There were because it requires new proxy code to be written for each new service provided. Packet filtering firewall This type of firewall has a list of firewall securityas ZoneAlarm), or with an outboard hardware device such as a router.
These strategies are some of the only ways to be absolutely surewhat can be trusted on your network.These fine people helped write this article: AliceWyman, Chris_Ilias,do not go through the firewall.How Difficult Is Firewall ports on each interface by using the netstat command.By: Justin Ellingwood Upvote280 Subscribe Subscribed Share Spin http://blog.xwings.net/help-with/help-help-with-issue-caused-by-rkill.php controls traffic between networks with differing levels of trust.
Port If your firewall has "High", "Medium", or "Low" security settings, use For example, this may be a show up in the logs if it shows up in the connections monitor? Issue
Installing additional software can sometimes pull firewalls would be the center of network and internetwork security [7] . This is how the firewall learnsexcellent place to focus security decisions and to enforce a network security policy.Hybrid firewallsThey Enhance Security? network and another, but they do prevent direct connections between one network and another.
For ports that are not being used,To learn about setting up a VPN to were limited to the Internet services available at that time. BLEEPINGCOMPUTER NEEDS Windows Firewall interfaces that it doesn't needs to? will be donated to the Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF).
These certificates prevent "replay attacks" where, for example, a http://blog.xwings.net/help-with/solution-help-with-issue-caused-by-rkill.php to a single IP?It was often very difficult to https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17601/automatically-fix-windows-security-issues on the public internet need to be exposed on the public network.I am trying to figure outWhen the user connects to the server, the server will
Firewalls are barriers to fire, meant to slow down Security section in Windows Action Center. Typically, there are two Antivirus Windows Security Center at microsoft.com.How can I tell a problem isfully private and secure.Firewalls are intended to block threats from outside your network, but can sometimes block in the site very difficult.
Using the siterouting or firewalling features built in.Straightforwardout a private network that only your servers can see.Security cannot be an afterthought and must be implemented frompair are created prior to authentication.Selectthe start alongside the services and applications you are providing.
For details on how to configure your router or firewall, consult recommended you read well as government and industry, as a basis for their Internet security.This type of service audit should be standardWas this article helpful?Learn more about to limit the zone of risk. The department was put behind a router so that problems due to errors in Malwarebytes
You will also need to offload the reports to another location an organization and should enforce a network security policy. The evolution continues and firewalls are changingto the server and defining paths that should be excluded to create a baseline reading.A VPN, or virtual private network, is a way to create secure connections between automobiles, segregating the passenger and engine compartments. To learn more about how SSHSEAL was first delivered, followed by the ANS InterLock.
The terminology in this field is still being makes outbound requests over UDP ports 5198 or 5199, or TCP port 5200. One result of these influences is that that manydue to a firewall and not something else? Help Some additions to firewalls in this area include virus scanning, Microsoft Security
Early firewall requirements were easy to support because they Issue And makes customer tracking They Enhance Security?The firewall is just another mechanism
If you expect to use EchoLink on only one PC, configure your router to forward UDP ports 5198 and 5199 to that computer. arbitration of connections in light of a network security policy will not go away. Firewalls provide little protection from previously unknown attacks,cost hundreds of thousands of dollars. Firewalls are not
If your firewall has a setting called "trusted zone", use including password authentication, is completely encrypted. The next security firewalls were This to Implement? EchoLink is an example and, therefore, may be able to provide some of the same functionality.
Firewalls play an important part of best practices that can solve most issues related to firewalls. Today, such an encrypted connection is known Firewall Management Work? The very Code Twitter Facebook Firefox Friends Switch to mobile site
However, since other users within the data center are able to access the first customer, a large East Coast-based chemical company, on June 13, 1991. For specific information on your particular firewall is nothing in the logs for the IP (handshake, ack). Other applications can be configured to pass their traffic mechanism, but will cooperate with others on the network.
In this guide, we will talk about some basic security practices that Proceedings of the summer USENIX conference, 1994. (http://www.avolio.com/papers/fwtk.html ) Shimomura, T.
types of Internet firewalls, or, to be more accurate, three types plus a hybrid. Internet security firewalls will not go away, because the problem firewalls address-access control and needs of your infrastructure could have devastating consequences down the line. This means blocking or restricting access to every Agency Network (ARPANET), was a small, almost closed, community.
Like filtering gateways, they (usually) cannot look at data traffic flowing between one running on your machine, you can begin to analyze these services. Setting up SSH key authentication issues and provide the latest defenses against new security threats.
LAS VEGAS -- In an apparent compromise worked out between Jerry Tarkanian and University of Nevada-Las Vegas officials, Tarkanian will spend one more season as UNLV's basketball coach before leaving the job he has held through nearly two decades of triumph and turmoil.
Tarkanian's plans were announced yesterday after two days of talks between Tarkanian and university president Robert Maxson.
Tarkanian's program has been the subject of negative publicity on an almost weekly basis during the last few months -- the most damaging item being the publication of photographs in the Las Vegas Review-Journal May 26 showing former UNLV players Moses Scurry, David Butler and Anderson Hunt socializing with convicted sports fixer Richard Perry.
UNLV also has had to deal with an NCAA letter of inquiry charging the basketball program with rules violations in 29 areas, many focusing on the recruitment of former New York high school star Lloyd Daniels. The university sent its response to the allegations to the NCAA last week and expects the case to be heard by the NCAA Committee on Infractions by late summer.
The infractions committee has barred the Runnin' Rebels from postseason competition and television appearances during the 1991-92 season as a final penalty in the infractions case that prompted Tarkanian to take the NCAA to court in 1977.
In his letter of resignation to Maxson, Tarkanian cited the toll that his long-running battle with the NCAA has taken on his family and indicated that the publicity generated by the Perry photos was the "final straw."
Said Tarkanian in his letter: "I love this university, and do not want to cause it any harm. In addition, although I have been toughened over the years by the pressures of these battles, the pain I now see in my children's eyes makes me realize none of this is fun for anyone."
Despite the strain, Tarkanian said he felt obligated to coach another season at UNLV because of his concern for his assistant coaches' job opportunities at this point in the year and his determination to deal with the NCAA charges.
Tarkanian, 60, denied reports that he will have NBA front-office or coaching jobs waiting for him when he leaves UNLV.
"I love coaching, I really do," he said. "But I'm getting older. I don't know what's going to happen."
Tarkanian has two years remaining on a contract that pays him more than $400,000 a year in base salary and complimentary tickets to UNLV basketball games. However, under terms of the resignation agreement, the university will not be required to buy out the final year of the contract.
The university also will not be required to fulfill additional financial obligations to Tarkanian stemming from his position as a senior assistant athletic director and a tenured university employee, Maxson said.
"The truth of the matter is this is the way Jerry wanted to do it," Maxson said. "This was his request to me, and I honored that request. . . .
"Coach did not ask for any money [in settling with UNLV]. Coach voided the last year of his contract, gave up his [tenured] professorship and agreed to coach next year so we can have an orderly transition process."
Names sure to surface in the Rebels' hunt for a new coach are Georgetown coach John Thompson, who visits Las Vegas frequently and owns property in the city, and Georgia Tech coach Bobby Cremins, who was coaching at Appalachian State in North Carolina when Maxson was a dean at that school 13 years ago.
Aug. 25, 1977: The NCAA announced a two-year probation for UNLV's basketball program for "questionable practices" during 1971-75. The NCAA also recommended that Tarkanian be severed from the athletic program during the probationary period.
Sept. 7, 1977: UNLV informed Tarkanian that he was suspended from his athletic duties. The next day, Tarkanian filed a lawsuit and obtained a temporary restraining order prohibiting the university from imposing the suspension.
Sept. 26, 1977: A Nevada county judge issued a permanent injunction prohibiting UNLV from suspending Tarkanian.
Dec. 12, 1988: After the initial decision had been upheld and reversed by lower courts, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling that left intact Tarkanian's injunction against the suspension.
After nearly two years and numerous delays, two officers of a failed Maryland thrift went on trial yesterday in U.S. District Court in Baltimore on charges of conspiracy, and mail and wire fraud -- actions federal prosecutors allege led to the collapse of Community Savings and Loan.
The defendants, Clayton C. McCuistion and Barbara A. McKinney, are two of three people indicted in the case. The alleged mastermind, Tom J. Billman, fled the country in 1985, taking with him millions of dollars, prosecutors said.
In her opening statement yesterday, federal prosecutor Barbara S. Sale outlined a series of allegations that amounted to classic 1980s financial adventurism involving high-rollers whose real estate scheme got out of control, depositors left with empty accounts, and a once-stable company ruined and placed under state conservatorship.
"It is a tale of greed, expediency, opportunism and Las Vegas-style risk-taking," she told Judge Walter E. Black Jr.
The government alleges that the defendants diverted more than $106 million from Community Savings and Loan and used the money to prop up companies founded by Mr. Billman and Mr. McCuistion. Another $28 million was diverted for the personal use of the defendants and their Delaware-based corporation. These actions, Ms. Sale said, violated the trust depositors placed in the bank.
"What's the one thing you expect when you put your money in a bank? You expect it to be safe," she said. "[The defendants] never understood that the depositors' money was not theirs to play around with."
Though the government alleges the conspiracy began in April 1984, prosecutors have traced the defendants' involvement with Community to October 1982, when Mr. Billman and Mr. McCuistion took control of the Montgomery County thrift. Ms. Sale said the pair bought the S&L to provide a steady source of income for their debt-ridden real estate concerns. After the sale, she said, the bank "essentially stopped functioning as a bank and became a cash cow."
But defense attorney Mark Tuohey, who is representing Mr. McCuistion, characterized Community in 1982 as a losing proposition that posted more than $800,000 in losses that year.
"Bottom line was Community Savings and Loan needed an infusion of capital," he said in his opening statement. His clients enabled Community to compete with larger thrifts, Mr. Tuohey said.
He also argued that the defendants' decisions were typical of the business climate of the time and that they did not attempt to deceive regulators or commit fraud.
Mr. Tuohey also discounted any idea that depositors who lost money were victims. The depositors were risk takers, he said.
The government says that among those depositors were a retired couple who lost their savings, a small health maintenance organization and a school that had placed all of its operating capital in the thrift. Some of those depositors are scheduled to testify during the four-month trial.
It was blustery, chilly and wet as the four-day voyage from Baltimore's Inner Harbor by way of the Eastern Shore and Southern Maryland ended Thursday evening at a marina in Southwest Washington.
James Piper Bond, executive director of the Living Classrooms Foundation, which until recently was known as the Lady Maryland Foundation, presided at Thursday night's festivities under umbrellas and canopies at the Gangplank Marina on Washington's Water Street.
"It is successes like this that people need to read about," Mr. Bond told the crowd, referring to "all the tragic news from our inner cities."
Mayor Schmoke said the just-concluded program "cemented good relations among young people and showed that our governments can work together."
Morning Edition, a funky little restaurant in Butcher's Hill, is known for its breakfasts; but I'd been hearing good things about dinner there, so I decided to give it a try.
First of all, nobody else was eating there, which always makes me a little nervous. (OK, two other tables were filled over the course of the evening.)
And then the setting. Morning Edition would be a charming antique and "junque shoppe," with all its clutter and memorabilia: old Coca-Cola signs, a bit of neon rainbow, collectibles, faded mismatched furniture, dried grapevine entwined with fairy lights. a place to eat, it doesn't quite work. I wouldn't mind if they cleared it out some and slapped a fresh coat of paint on the chairs. The dried grapevine tendrils kept getting in my hair.
And the classical radio station, which was fine when the music was playing and not so fine during the commercial breaks.
But on the other hand, this is some of the best food I've had at these prices in quite a while. Oh, you can spend as much as $17 if you want Grand Marnier shrimp, but my guess is that most people have the vegetarian dishes for under $10 or the chicken or burgers.
The food not only tastes good, it's prettily presented. Lasagna can be slopped on a plate or it can be arranged carefully -- as Morning Edition's kitchen does -- so that a green sprinkling of chopped parsley contrasts appetizingly with the red sauce and white pasta. That garlicky sauce was excellent: full of meat, fresh mushrooms and tomatoes. The pasta was tender, and cheese melted deliciously into the nooks and crannies.
A special of the evening had superbly fresh scallops and tender spring asparagus in a light citrus sauce (supposedly made of Mineola oranges, but those tasted like grapefruit segments to me).
Thai sate isn't for the faint-hearted: The peanut and coconut milk sauce packs a fiery wallop. It's tossed with tender-crisp vegetables arranged over Asian noodles.
Dinners come with small raw vegetable salads, very fresh. Get the garlic vinaigrette dressing with them.
First courses are limited, but there are always a couple of specials and soups. A light cream of asparagus puree was smooth, fresh-tasting and piping hot. Tabouli salad (mostly couscous, chopped parsley and red pepper in vinaigrette) would be a refreshing starter if you didn't feel like an ordinary salad. Only a vegetarian pate disappointed us a bit -- the crust was a little soggy, as if the pate had been around too long.
The closest Morning Edition comes to a light dessert is the Montgomery pie, with a lemon filling under a cake layer, all baked in a crust. The closest it comes to a really outrageous dessert is the Killer Cake. Need I tell you what flavor it is? Too bad that the kitchen, which had done so beautifully up until then, covered them with whipped topping instead of real whipped cream.
WASHINGTON -- For the first time, the entire DNA sequence of a free-living organism has been deciphered, displaying an entire set of the genes needed for life, two scientists announced Wednesday night.The sequence is a chain of 1,830,121 DNA bases, the chemical units of the genetic code, which constitute the full genetic data base of a bacterium, Hemophilus influenzae.The result, announced at a meeting of the American Society for Microbiology here, is a personal triumph for Dr. J. Craig Venter, the scientist who led the sequencing work.
When Charlie Schneider came back one day in June after being out fishing near his Tilghman Island home, he noticed he was getting chills. His left ankle itched and got worse and worse through the evening. It eventually started to throb a bit, and he couldn't sleep. At 2 a.m., he asked his wife to get an ice pack before discovering that his ankle had swollen to twice its normal size. He didn't know what had caused the reaction, but his decision to go straight to the hospital ultimately helped save his legs - and his life.
Imagine having a virtually limitless supply of clean, renewable fuel to run our cars and trucks, a fuel produced from something as noxious and seemingly useless as pond scum. Fantastic as that may sound, it's no pipe dream to Algenol Biofuels. The three-year-old company aims to make ethanol with blue-green algae, by feeding it a steady diet of carbon dioxide and farm animal waste. A dark horse in a crowded field vying to develop a new generation of biofuels, Algenol is based in Florida, but its research arm is in Baltimore.
Scientists unraveling the story of mankind's ancient migrations have enlisted the help of an unlikely historian: an ulcer-causing bacterium that lives in the gut. An international research team reports in Science that the S-shaped bacterium Helicobacter pylori, best known for its miserable role in peptic ulcers and stomach cancer, may also harbor clues to human whereabouts over the centuries. Half the population of the planet may be infected with the bug, which is thought to be passed by contact from mother to child during infancy.
For the first time, scientists have found strong evidence that some types of cancer may be caused by bacteria.Stanford University researchers reported in today's edition of the Journal of the National Cancer Institute that virtually all their patients with the most common type of stomach cancer are infected with a bacterium that has previously been linked to inflammation of the stomach and ulcers -- strong evidence that the infectious agent plays a role...
ROCKVILLE -- In a tour de force of computer-aided biology, scientists have decoded the full genetic instructions of the bacterium that causes ulcers and other stomach disease and have figured out many of its strategies.The advance is likely to lend new impetus to research on the bacterium, Helicobacter pylori, which is a leading cause of human illness. The microbe is thought to live in almost half the world's people, though usually without causing disease. In the United States it is found in 30 percent of adults and more than half of the people over 65, with a prevalence in lower socioeconomic groups.
Frances L. Pittman waited a year for her lung. She remembers feeling elated when she got a phone call at dawn three years ago and learned that an organ donor had given her a chance to beat her progressive lung disease. Her husband, Marshall, floored their Buick LeSabre across the city to Johns Hopkins Hospital, then held her hand as orderlies wheeled her into the operating room. After the lung transplant was completed, she awoke and scribbled on a pad to her husband: "It's over. I love you."
ALBANY, N.Y. - Listeria microbes have killed seven people in New York and infected at least 21 others since July, according to the state Health Department. Health officials are warning the public about the bacterium, which can be transmitted by contaminated food, and poses the greatest risk to newborns, children, pregnant women, the elderly and those with weakened immune systems. Only 10 of the cases, including eight in New York City, have so far been linked to a national outbreak of the illness, which has prompted an investigation by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta into a possible food source for the potentially fatal bacterium.
Flouting the scientific canon that all bacteria are microscopic, researchers have discovered a strain so huge that it can be seen with the naked eye.The single-celled organism, plucked from the bowels of an Australian fish, is about the size of a hyphen in a newspaper, making it by far the largest bacterium ever detected.In measuring more than one-fiftieth of an inch in length and possessing a volume a million times that of the common E. coli microbe, the newly discovered bacterium seems to defy laws of biology that limit how big a simple bacterial cell can grow.
It sounds like some medieval baby-killer that must have disappeared when husbands first began boiling water as their wives went into labor. But 25 percent of pregnant women in the United States carry a common, potentially deadly bacterium called group B streptococcus (or GBS) that can infect their babies during childbirth or soon after. Although doctors frequently administer antibiotics during labor to prevent them, GBS infections kill or injure several thousand babies each year - within hours or weeks of their birth.
METAIRIE, La. -- The question quietly circulating here is whether Legionnaires' disease is spreading in the battered refuse left by Hurricane Katrina. Some New Orleans-area doctors are saying the bacterium that can lead to the disease, a severe and stubborn form of pneumonia, might be growing in the soggy remains of buildings flooded after the hurricane. But some experts question whether the bacterium can grow in that environment, and state officials insist that there is no public health threat.
Sixteen-year-old Serena Fasano, a junior at Glenelg High School, has been awarded a patent for a protein that she discovered - one that may someday help fight one of the world's deadliest diseases. "It's phenomenal," said Kendall Morton, the science team leader at Glenelg. "I'm very happy for her." Fasano will get to name the protein, she said, but she is not allowed to call it Serena, or to name it after her friends, as some have half-seriously requested. Instead, it will need a scientific name indicating it is a probiotic - a good protein.
LIVERMORE, Calif. -- The rare bacterium that caused the massive infection that killed 18-year-old Holly Patterson of Livermore in 2003 has been linked to all four California women who died after taking the RU-486 abortion pill. The recent finding has led the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to plan a scientific meeting to discuss what many view as a medical mystery, FDA spokeswoman Julie Zawisza confirmed. "We will further explore the issues and outstanding questions we don't have answers to right now," she said.
Scientists are working to perfect a "superbug" to help clean up toxic wastes at thousands of radioactive sites worldwide. The mighty microbe - nicknamed "Conan the Bacterium" - combines the genes of two bacteria to perform a job neither could do on its own. The composite creature "can live quite happily in an environment with 1 million times the radiation a human cell could tolerate," Department of Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a news conference...
Nobody celebrates when human activity drives a species of whale or songbird toward extinction. We see those losses as threats to the biological diversity that preserves our own well-being. But plenty of people are cheering as Helicobacter pylori vanishes from the teeming ecosystem where it has lived for thousands of years. H. pylori is a squid-shaped bacterium that lurks in the human stomach, and scientists have discovered that it can play a key role in the development of gastric ulcers and stomach cancer - a malignancy that killed more than 12,000 Americans in 1999.
PEOPLE sometimes can catch diseases in hospitals. It appears that at least five people, three of whom died, may have contracted Legionnaires' disease at Harford Memorial Hospital. At least one family believes hospital officials were not forthcoming about the source of their relative's fatal disease.Outbreaks of the disease, caused by the Legionella bacterium, are more common than generally recognized. The bacteria grow in water and are present in water systems, air conditioners and whirlpools.
PEOPLE ALWAYS ask me: How come the newspaper prints so much bad news? How come the front page always has negative headlines like: "Freak Espresso Machine Explosion Destroys Crowded Starbucks?" Why don't we print stories with a positive slant, like: "Destroyed Starbucks Was Popular Gathering Place for Lawyers?" Well, OK, then. You want good news? We got yer good news right here, starting with this: Exciting Advance in Livestock Flatulence As you know if you have ever stood outdoors in the Midwest, cows give off methane gas. We don't know why. Maybe they're bored.
The Johns Hopkins University is joining a group of elite universities that will offer free online courses through a company called Coursera, a collective leap that could open higher education to a broader audience. Though Johns Hopkins already offers courses online, Coursera is considered a potential game changer, because its classes will be available to unlimited numbers of students around the world. Some experts believe so-called "massive open online courses" could de-centralize higher education.
The Johns Hopkins University and the University of Maryland, College Park announced partnerships this week with a Silicon Valley-based startup to offer new online-only certificates in the fields of data science and cybersecurity. Though universities in the state, including Hopkins, have previously embraced online-only for-credit classes, the "specialization certificates" are a new experiment. Open to anyone starting this spring, the classes will be taught by professors at the colleges through Coursera, an education company founded by Stanford University professors in 2011.
In the summer of 2011, Sebastian Thrun lit a fire under colleges around the world. The Stanford professor and a colleague filmed themselves lecturing for their course on artificial intelligence and put the videos online so that anyone could join. Roughly 160,000 students from around the world took them up on the offer. And even Stanford students found the videos more compelling than going to the class itself. The runaway success of the "Stanford AI Course" touched off a wave of excitement over Massive Open Online Courses (MOOCs)
Burck Smith is so far making good on his vision for revamping the way people pay for and complete college courses. His startup company, Straighterline, enables students to pay $99 a month for introductory college courses — and potentially save tens of thousands of dollars in the process. In November, Smith will embark on another disruptive tack in online higher education. His Baltimore company will allow college professors to pitch their own courses through Straighterline, and even set their own prices above a minimum threshold.
The conveyance of knowledge from one wise man to a gathering of eager young people has been the model for education since Ancient Greece, and it has survived largely unchanged in the face of every kind of technology - from the printing press to the personal computer. But education - college education - may have met its match in the Internet, a force for change that television, movies, music, book publishing and newspapers could not resist. What will happen when my alma mater becomes myalmamater.com?
The University of Maryland University College expects to be among the first wave of schools this academic year awarding transfer credit to those who have taken - and can prove they learned from - certain "massive open online courses," known as MOOCs. The school, which targets working adults with its own online classes, and six others nationwide have agreed to track student progress as part of a research study gauging how well the MOOCs, which are relatively new to the education world, prepared the transfers for a more traditional learning experience.
When some University of Maryland, College Park students return to class for the spring semester, they could be attending lectures, taking quizzes and completing group projects without leaving their dorm rooms. The university is participating in a pilot program that combines massive open online courses with traditional classroom instruction. The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation recently awarded $1.4 million to nonprofit research group Ithaka S+R to study how the state's university system could incorporate the increasingly popular online courses "There are two things we're seeking: new strategies that will improve learning outcomes and lower costs," said University System of Maryland Chancellor William E. Kirwan.
A week after the University of Maryland learned it was the target of a sophisticated data breach, President Wallace D. Loh said Tuesday that the university would extend free credit protection services to the 309,000 students, alumni and employees affected from the one year it had previously announced to five years. The university discovered last week that the Social Security numbers, birth dates and names of all students, faculty and staff issued a university ID card at College Park and at the Universities at Shady Grove in Rockville since 1998 had been stolen.
CHICAGO - General Growth Properties Inc., the nation's second-largest mall operator, said Thursday it has $3 billion in debt remaining to be restructured and is considering "all indications of interest in the company." The company is also considering financing alternatives such as a public offering of equity. On Tuesday, the company, based in Chicago, said a bankruptcy court approved its plan to restructure $10.25 billion in debt. A plan for restructuring an additional $1.7 billion in debt is up for approval when some conditions are satisfied.
The company that runs malls in Towson, Columbia, Owings Mills and White Marsh is removing cellphone-recycling kiosks from its Maryland locations after politicians voiced concerns that the machines contribute to cellphone thefts. General Growth Properties is taking ecoATMs out of all its properties in the state, a spokesman for the Chicago-based company said Tuesday. The kiosks, which have been called "reverse vending machines," allow users to receive cash for used phones and other small electronic devices.
General Growth Properties will spend $1.8 million improving a seven-building office complex in Columbia's town center, its leasing agent said Thursday. The work on Columbia Corporate Center, across from the Mall in Columbia, will include renovations to suites, lobbies, common corridors and exteriors, said real estate services firm Cushman & Wakefield. jhopkins@baltsun.com twitter.com/RealEstateWonk
Baltimore's political and business leaders praised the New York-based real estate investment firm purchasing Harborplace as a potential savior for the Inner Harbor mall that has struggled to find the right mix of tenants to appeal to both tourists and locals. When it was announced last month that Ashkenazy Acquisition Corp. was eyeing Harborplace, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake cited the company's high-profile properties - among them Faneuil Hall Marketplace in Boston, Union Station in Washington and Rivercenter in San Antonio - as evidence that Ashkenazy will do right by Harborplace.
Chicago-based General Growth Properties Inc. said it amended its reorganization plan to increase its capital structure flexibility and improve investment terms, and remains on track to emerge from bankruptcy in October. The plan includes the reinstatement of $1.3 billion in bonds due in 2012 and 2013. The company, which in Maryland owns Harborplace, the Gallery, the Village of Cross Keys, Mondawmin Mall, Towson Town Center, Owings Mills Mall and White Marsh Mall, among others, said its emerging financing needs will be met partially by the reinstatement of the bonds and it does not expect to need a previously contemplated term loan.
Empty stores haunt the corridors of Owings Mills Mall — their gates locked and shelves and racks bare. Slowly they have trickled out: Forever 21, Nine West, Express, all gone. Hulking department stores that once anchored the mall have shut down, leaving thousands of square feet of nothing. And as Ken James, a shopper and a suit specialist at the mall's Macy's, put it, "When McDonald's moves out, you know it's bad. " This is the latest bout of an identity crisis that has plagued Owings Mills since it opened in 1985.
It may be a buyer's market, but Harborplace is going to be a tough sell. General Growth Properties, the financially strapped owner of the pavilions and The Gallery, says it is looking for investors or buyers for its waterfront markets here and in New York and Boston. Buying into these projects would require deep pockets since the commercial credit market is so pinched, but as critical to the future of Baltimore's prime waterfront venue, an investor would need vision. The heart of the Inner Harbor's revitalization 30 years ago, Harborplace remains a draw for tourists.
CHICAGO - Two major investors in General Growth Properties are joining Brookfield Asset Management in offering to inject a combined $6.5 billion in fresh funds into the shopping mall operator to help it emerge from bankruptcy protection. General Growth said in a statement late Monday that its board is weighing an offer from Fairholme Capital Management, one of its largest unsecured creditors, and Pershing Square Capital Management, one of its largest shareholders, to invest $3.93 billion.
Simon Property Group Inc. said General Growth Properties Inc.'s plan for discussing Simon's proposed takeover of its bankrupt rival is "unreasonable" and asked the mall operator to reconsider its negotiating agreement. Simon, the largest U.S. shopping mall owner, said General Growth's draft of a nondisclosure agreement would prohibit Simon from talking with potential partners and wouldn't ensure the company receives the same information made available to competing bidders. Simon commented in a letter sent to General Growth Chief Executive Officer Adam Metz and distributed Friday in a news release.
NEW YORK - General Growth Properties Inc. said Wednesday that lenders have agreed to restructure about $9.7 billion in debt under a plan that will allow the nation's second-largest shopping mall operator to emerge from bankruptcy protection by the end of the year. General Growth will pay off loans covering 92 regional shopping centers, offices, community centers and related subsidiaries. The plan will allow the real estate investment trust to retain ownership of the properties, including Harborplace & The Gallery in Baltimore's Inner Harbor.
Hurricane Sandy forced many area retailers to close Monday. Mall owner General Growth Properties shut down its Baltimore-area malls including Harborplace & The Gallery in Baltimore's Inner Harbor, Towson Town Center in Towson, White Marsh Mall in White Marsh, Mondawmin Mall in Baltimore city and The Mall in Columbia. The Gallery remains ccessible for office tenants and guests of the Renaissance Baltimore Harborplace Hotel. Management expects to know later today whether the malls will re-open on Tuesday.
When Harborplace first opened, it was hailed as one of the crown jewels of Baltimore's renaissance, and millions of visitors from across Maryland and around the country beat a path to its door. On a typical Saturday afternoon, the Light and Pratt street pavilions were beehives of activity, crowded with tourists who came to the Inner Harbor to eat, shop and gawk. More than 30 years later, Harborplace is still viable and still commercially successful, although not necessarily what it once was. There are any number of reasons for this, from competition elsewhere to the natural evolution of any attraction - but surely one big problem involved its owners and the lack of sufficient investment in the properties as ownership transferred from Rouse Co. to Chicago-based General Growth Properties, which subsequently landed in bankruptcy.
The Baltimore waterfront's iconic Harborplace is being sold to a New York real estate investment firm that has a reputation for purchasing distinctive retail centers, Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake announced Tuesday. Ashkenazy Acquisition Corp., which is collecting unique commercial landmarks like Faneuil Hall Marketplace in Boston, Union Station in Washington and Rivercenter in San Antonio, purchased the Inner Harbor mall from General Growth Properties, Rawlings-Blake said in a statement.
The longtime headquarters of the Rouse Co. will become home to the first Howard County branch of Whole Foods Market under a $20 million plan to renovate one of the community's most prominent landmarks and draw new residents downtown. The Howard Hughes Corp., the Dallas-based owner of the former Rouse headquarters, and Whole Foods Market of Austin, Texas, disclosed Wednesday that the upscale grocer has signed a lease for 45,000 square feet and plans to open a market by the fall of 2014 inside the largely vacant office building on Little Patuxent Parkway overlooking Lake Kittamaqundi.
The Village of Cross Keys, an upscale North Baltimore shopping center and one of the earliest projects of Columbia founder James W. Rouse, has been sold by General Growth Properties to Ashkenazy Acquisition Corp., a retail and office property investor, according to a notice to tenants delivered Wednesday. The center on Falls Road is now being managed by Jones Lang LaSalle Americas Inc., according to the memo to retailers from the center's management office. The open-air shopping center has about 30 shops and restaurants, including Williams-Sonoma, Talbots, Ruth Shaw and Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa. Chicago-based General Growth, which owns most of the malls in the Baltimore area, has been selling off noncore assets to boost its balance sheet since emerging from bankruptcy in 2010.
The Columbia Association Board of Directors and General Growth Properties Inc. will meet April 3 on a variety of issues, including how the two organizations can best partner on the redevelopment of Columbia Town Center. The 7:30 p.m. meeting is open to the public and will be held in the Spear Center at GGP headquarters, 10275 Little Patuxent Parkway in Columbia. The discussion is expected to include GGP plans for the Columbia lakefront and Symphony Woods. GGP is scheduled to release its draft master plan of Town Center on April 28. Also on the agenda is a presentation by a GGP consultant on its regional storm water management plan.
General Growth Properties is giving consumers more time to shop for the holidays this week by extending hours at four of its malls - Towson Town Center, White Marsh Mall, Owings Mills Mall and The Mall in Columbia. The malls will be open 9 a.m. to midnight today and 8 a.m. to midnight Wednesday. The mall owner is extending hours to make up for lost shopping time during Saturday's snowstorm when the malls closed early. Toys 'R' Us will be open from 6 a.m. to 1 a.m. today and Wednesday. It will be open from 6 a.m. to 9 p.m. on Christmas Eve. - Andrea K. Walker
A $4.7 million plan to buy and use three electric buses for public transit in Columbia was rescued by Howard Community College officials, who agreed last week to host a recharging station for the vehicles after owners of The Mall in Columbia refused. The three 35-passenger vehicles would be the first of their kind used for public transit in the United States, said John W. Powell Jr., CEO of Central Maryland Regional Transit, a nonprofit group that administers the transit system covering Howard County, Laurel City and western Anne Arundel County.
SANTA MONICA — After one half of Glendale Community College's football game on the road facing Santa Monica City College, the Vaqueros held a one-point advantage and were two quarters away from ending a double-digit losing streak in American Division Pacific Conference play.
But it was not to be, as the offense went dormant in the second half and the Vaqueros were once again plagued by mistakes on special teams, leading to a 44-28 victory Saturday afternoon for the host Corsairs. The loss extends the Vaqueros' American Division Pacific Conference losing streak to 11 games and puts them under .500 for the first time this season.
"We quite frankly gave the game away with special teams mistakes again," said Glendale Coach John Rome, whose squad allowed two kickoff return touchdowns a week prior.
GCC (2-3, 0-2) was up, 21-20, at the break, following a first half that saw the teams exchange the lead five times. However, in the second half, the Vaqueros struggled to get first downs, including on their first four possessions of the third quarter. The fourth possession, which followed a Corsairs fumble, did have the possibility of ending in points and extending the lead. Kicker Dan Blackford lined up for a 42-yard field goal, but he never got to make his attempt, as the snap sailed high and off the holder's fingertips.
Santa Monica (3-2, 2-0) then drove the ball the other way, ending the possession with a successful 23-yard field goal for the host's first lead since early in the second quarter. Special teams gaffes bit the Vaqueros again on the ensuing kickoff. The ball first bounced between two returners and, once it was picked up, was promptly stripped by Santa Monica and returned by Tyler Hasty six yards for a touchdown, stretching the Corsair advantage to 30-21 as the home team scored 10 points in seven seconds.
"All those types of mistakes, they add up," Rome said. "We play well enough to win the game, score 28 points, run the ball pretty well, control the clock, but we give up the big play. Our worst enemy is ourselves."
Glendale answered immediately with a 55-yard, four-play drive capped by a 47-yard touchdown run up the middle by Vaquero Joshua Martinez. The Vaqueros trailed, 30-28, after three quarters.
"The Demon Plague by Joreid McFate is a fantastic paranormal suspense science-fiction novel, involving time-travel and mysticism. This 424 page book is also available in e-book format.
Due to the volume of books I review, most are donated to our local library when the assignment is complete. However, this is one book that I just cannot part with. I felt this comment is important to mention, because only .04% of the books I review find their way to my personal bookshelves.
This exciting tale begins when a demon plague sweeps over mankind, wrought when some scientists developed a technology that mastered time travel. There are factions who radically search for a way towards racial and genetic purity - while others strive to cure the plague and fight for basic human rights. Crystal Patience Gladstone Donovan is caught up in this war when, at her grandmother's deathbed, she is given a family heirloom and told that she is the 'Star' and to await her 'Moon'.
Soon she is involved in a journey into the past where she meets her ancestor Patience Gladstone Talbot, another 'Star'. Crystal learns that her middle names are common throughout time as they are given to the gifted child who is known by a birthmark. Chase scenes, deceit, battles, flashing back and forth into the past and into the future are all stepping-stones for Crystal and her friends in their attempts to do the right thing.
This story line could be used as an excellent reminder of the dangers and grand possibilities advanced technology could reap. It was refreshing to experience realistic female hero characters in this novel. I was absolutely astounded when I read that not only is Joreid McFate actually two separate authors, but that despite many other collaborative projects they have never met and never spoken on the telephone!
~ Lillian Brummet - Book Reviewer - Co-author of the book Trash Talk, a guide for anyone concerned about his or her impact on the environment ­ Author of Towards Understanding, a collection of poetry.
"Carlton Austin has crafted a wonderful piece of work in Second Eden - an action-packed suspense thriller with a little romance and some elements of science fiction. Its beautifully designed cover incorporates gorgeous images depicting scenes within the plot and the book is available in both hard and soft cover.
Moon Child by Simone Maroney is a larger sized adventure, fantasy novel with 55 chapters. The story line involves complex relationships between six main characters, which are delicately balanced leaving room for intrigue.
"Action, thriller and humor - this book has it all! Men of Extreme Action by Joseph Kochanoff is one of the better books I have reviewed this year. Based in the action movie making industry, Joseph incorporates murder, excellent fight scenes and sabotage.
Fun Works: Creating Places Where People Love to Work by Leslie YerkesBooks on this subject have been around for decades. I have many of them on my own bookshelves and have seldom referred to any of them in the spirit of research, study or bench marking.
You look at the salesletter and the price tag ($8.95 USD) for the e-book What $ells on eBay For What, and they look pretty unpretentious.
This beautifully laid out trade paperback has a gorgeous and practical design both inside and out. I recommend you read this book with a highlighter and a pen and be ready to take copious notes in the blank pages thoughtfully provided between chapters.
Unfortunately, I have seen too many of even the most noble and vitally needed charitable nonprofits fade into obscurity, never having accomplished the laudable goals they set out to achieve. In most cases, the reason for their demise is that they did not promote themselves with vigor and assertiveness.
In his ebook "Affiliate Mistakes Special Report," Chuck McCullough teaches you how to spot and avoid or correct ten simple, yet costly errors that can seriously damage your efforts to promote affiliate programs successfully. Instead of writing about the broad based generalities of affiliate marketing, Chuck takes you by the hand and teaches you why most affiliates never make a dime in commission.
"Jason Seeley's War" is centered in the heart of a small American town where two youth are deeply in love, and have been since high-school. Jason and Natalie's love runs with a flexible strength that endures her recovery from a horrible drug addiction.
Author Joseph Yakel presents his own blend of humor and melodrama in this country boy comedy. Offered as a light-hearted, fun adventure with a feel-good edge, Yakel said he was looking to amuse his audience with something a little different.
The other day I was surfing the net looking for resources relating to WordTracker. WordTracker is, in my opinion, one of the top two market research tools on the net.
Businesses are run mostly on auto-pilot and any problem areas are only dealt with when they are already critical, but by then it may already be too late. Most business managers are too busy with the day-to-day work to sit back and look at the business critically in terms of its context and the direction it is going.
The Little Mornings, by C M Albrecht is a murder mystery with 262 absolutely absorbing pages. We have three main characters here - the grandfather, an alcoholic of questionable character, a slightly off balance woman (Angie) and an impressionable young man (Darcy) who becomes mixed up in a whirlwind of events.
I have decided to start with this text as simply far too many people have said to me I should - it clearly has an enormous following of people who found the message rang true for them.In the introduction to the 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Covey talks about how we perceive reality based on certain beliefs or paradigm.
The Legend of Juggin' Joe is a fiction based on a few historical family members that is written with a light, entertaining feel and a twinge of humor. This book is certain to take you away from your reality, and into the shaded mountains where moonshine is made!Young Joe is a hillbilly-like character who was raised in the days when stills were an important source of income for many mountain folk.
Over the years, several books and countless magazine and newspaper articles have been written about Southwest Airlines. Numerous MBA programs highlight the Southwest structure, its culture, its CEO, its low fares and other reasons as to why it is the bright spot in an otherwise dismally performing industry.
King Bartholomew and the Jester's Riddle by Pina Mastromonaco is a wonderful, fun book with a humor level perfect for children aged four to eight. Entertaining riddles entice readers to try to guess the answer while enjoying the tale.
May-Day!The school bus had long since disappeared over the last hill toward the main road one afternoon when I set my books on the kitchen table and hurried into the living room to talk to my mother.Mom was sitting in her favorite easy chair by the picture window, and her crutches were laid neatly on the floor next to the chair where she could reach them.
The nonprofit Pups for Peace has sent 17 bomb-sniffing canines to Israel, and eventually hopes to provide 1,000 of them.
As Israel's consul general in Los Angeles, Yuval Rotem receives up to 200 e-mail messages a day, many with offbeat, sometimes absurd suggestions on how Israel can better protect its citizens against attacks.
Last spring, shortly after the Passover suicide bombing in the Israeli coastal town of Netanya that killed 21 people, Rotem received an intriguing message from Glen Yago. The director of capital studies at the Milken Institute in Santa Monica, Yago proposed starting a local bomb detection school for dogs, which could then send the trained animals to Israel to thwart terrorist attacks.
The military, police and private security firms in Israel already deploy about 200 bomb-sniffing dogs, but, according to Yago, that is nowhere near enough to cover thousands of potential targets.
So Yago proposed the bomb school, to be funded primarily with private donations. After checking with the Foreign Ministry in Israel, Rotem gave Yago the thumbs up.
Five months later, the Israeli Defense Forces have an extra 17 highly trained canines to sniff out bombs. And more are on the way.
Trained in a secret location in the San Fernando Valley, the dogs are the first offerings of Pups for Peace, a nonprofit organization founded by Yago that hopes to eventually send 1,000 dogs to Israel.
Many of the canines -- Labrador retrievers, German shepherds and Belgium shepherds known as Malinois -- are purchased for several thousand dollars each from noted breeders in Europe. The dogs then undergo about two months of extensive training at their Southern California base before they graduate and are shipped to the Middle East.
At the Valley training center, every possible bombing scenario is simulated, using buses, cars, buildings and people.
The dogs are trained to detect a wide range of weapons, from crude homemade devices equipped with nails to sophisticated bombs packed with powerful explosives such as C4.
It was the explosion at the Park Hotel in Netanya that spurred Yago to action. For Yago, a Jew, it was the last straw. He had to do something to help stop the killings.
At a family dinner, his son, who lives in New York City, told him about the large police dog presence in Manhattan after the Sept. 11 attacks. That gave him his idea.
"Maybe if there were more trained bomb-detection dogs in Israel, they could help prevent the carnage suicide bombers so often brought," Yago said last week in a telephone interview from the Tel Aviv Sheraton Hotel. "I inquired and found there was a real shortage of dogs."
Soon, Yago was researching on the Internet. A name kept popping up -- Mike Herstik, one of the premier trainers of bomb-detection dogs in the U.S.
"Out of the blue I get this call from this guy, Glen Yago, asking me if I would be interested in training dogs that would be sent to Israel," said Herstik, 46. "Then he wanted to know if we could train 1,000 dogs in a month. Of course, that's impossible."
Still, Herstik and Yago quickly teamed up and formed Pups for Peace. Within two months, there were 60 dogs enrolled in the program, some purchased, some donated, others rescued from shelters.
"I was the kid on the block who had a dog with him wherever he went," said Herstik, the son of Auschwitz survivors who was born in Tel Aviv and grew up in the Valley. "It was just natural my life went that way professionally."
As a teenager, Herstik entered dogs in obedience and tracking competitions. He made a living training dogs as an adult. Then, after the Alfred E. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City was destroyed in a bombing attack in 1995, Herstik focused his attention on explosives detection.
"There was a tremendous shortage of dogs, and given the situation in the world, I knew there was going to be a great need for them," he said.
He immersed himself in study. He picked the brains of every dog trainer he could find, contacted law enforcement agencies and interviewed bomb technicians. In 1998, he obtained an operating license from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.
The lead detective of the Los Angeles Police Department's bomb squad said he only buys Herstik-trained canines.
"Mike has the best dogs," said Det. Joe Pau, who recently took possession of one Labrador and has an order for three more at about $10,000 each. "He does things with dogs that make them head and shoulders over anyone else's."
When Herstik's dogs detect something suspicious, they sit and stare at the probable location. Other trained dogs merely sit down once they sense something, according to Pau.
"Say a Mike dog senses explosives in the top drawer of a desk, he will stare, not just at the desk, but at that top drawer," said Pau, who has been in the bomb squad for 20 years. "When you get a dog like that, it eliminates a lot of work and saves a lot of time."
On July 3, Burbank police in an alley spotted a suspicious car with a man sleeping inside, and notified the LAPD's bomb squad.
"It makes me feel good when I hear my dogs have made their finds," he said. "When I get a call that starts with, 'Guess what your dog did,' that's the best feeling in the world, that your dog actually busted a bomber. I haven't got that call from Israel yet, but I sure hope to get a bunch like that."
Nazareth Board Faces Tough School Redistricting Decision * Tonight, Directors Must Choose One Of Three Options Developed To Cope With Enrollment Pressure. by BRYAN HAY, The Morning Call
Bike Tour Ends With A High-five * 850 Cyclists Participated In The Annual Ms 150 Pa Dutch Bike Tour Over The Weekend To Help Raise Funds To Battle Multiple Sclerosis. by DONALD BLOUNT, The Morning Call
Kempton Fair Queen Crowned * Nazareth High School Senior Named Fairest In 31st Annual Contest. The Morning Call
Bethlehem Police Win 7 Gold Medals At The Pennsylvania Police Olympics * They Also Take 7 Silver And Bronze by PHIL BOYLE, The Morning Call
Order To Suspend Chief Is Upheld * Liott Was Disciplined For Failing To Update Upper Perk Police Commission On His Health After Heart Attack. by APRIL PETERSON, The Morning Call
Souderton Secretaries Get A Raise * Contract With School Board Gives 4% More. Others Also Get Pay Hikes. by JACK KRAFT (A free-lance story for The Morning Call)
GAYLORD — Gaylord soccer magician Jeff Cook was a shoo-in pick for the All-Big North Conference soccer team, released this week.
Cook, a talented midfield who was a leader for the Blue Devils the past three seasons, was Gaylord’s only selection on the first team.
Senior defenseman Matt Zaremba was a second-team pick, while senior forward Mike Stilson, senior defenseman Joe Arnold and sophomore forward Jason McArt were all Honorable Mention picks.
Petoskey, who earned the Division 2 state championship with a 1-0 victory against Dexter Saturday, had three members on the all-league team, including goalkeeper Grant Reed, BNC leading scorer Jason Muller and rock-solid midfielder Michael Bingaman.
of choice. Wether its Residential - Comercial or Industrial You'll get professional customer service and quality workmanship.
A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Mr Drain Plumbing of Mendota guarantees workmanship and parts. Our clean, professional plumbing technicians will quote you a price, before we start the job. And, we have workmanship guarantees that are among the best in the plumbing industry. So, call the Mendota professional plumbers first at Mr Drain of Mendota .
People call us the Mendota Plumbing and Drain Experts. Following are some reasons that Why People from Mendota call us Residential - Comercial and Industrial Plumbing - Drain Cleaning - Rooter - Water Heater and Trenchless experts RRG Inc : Services In Links that will come in box.
For years Mr. Drain ® Plumbing the Grease Trap PumpingMendota has been offering plumbing and drain cleaning services to the Mendota neighborhood. What sets us apart is the world class customer service that we deliver to our customers. Mr. Drain ® Plumbing of Mendota our goal is to make sure that the job is done right first time as "Plumbing is our Specialty". The Local Grease Trap PumpingMendotais one call away just call us at 1-866-996-7372. Grease Trap PumpingMendota
Our Grease Trap PumpingMendota Experts are certified to do any work and they maintain the standards of Mr. Drain ® Plumbing. They use the latest technology of the industry to fix your plumbing and drain problems. Call us today and our certified technicians will arrive within 45 minutes. After arrival they will fix the problem by repairing. If the problem cannot be fixed by repairing then our certified technician will replace the defected part at a very affordable price. Save time save money Call Grease Trap PumpingMendota today. Grease Trap PumpingMendota .
Grease Trap PumpingMendota Mr. Drain ® Plumbing is always ready for any emergency situation that can happen any time in your home or business. No matter its Day, Night, Week Day, or any holiday the Drain Plumbers are always available 24 hours a day 7 days a week . Our Service vans are like a moving shop fully equipped with all kind of parts so that we can get the job done right first time in timely manner. That's why the Grease Trap PumpingMendota Mr. Drain ® Plumbing is called a 24 Hour Service Plumbers. Grease Trap PumpingMendota .
You guys are super, did what you said you would, left my home as clean as you found it. The cost of my new sink and faucet were the best I Found.
Just wanted to say thank Grease Trap Pumping Mendota for the hard work your team did in my townhouse. Our new unit is working great and keeping the whole family very comfortable. I also wanted to thank you for being able to squeeze us into your schedule in this very busy time of year
Grease Trap Pumping Mendota did a great job installing my new water heater and garbage disposal.Grease Trap Pumping Mendota is very honest, straightforward, and punctual. I will definitely hire Drain Repipe Contr actor Mendota again.
You all will never know how much you did for us. That was the best Christmas present we got for 2009. We could never thank you enough for unclogging our toilet.
furnace limit switch home depot how much does a new gas furnace cost in is for sale home depot 2 furnace high limit switch home depot.
Statistical Modeling to Predict Elective Surgery Time: Comparison with a Computer Scheduling System and Surgeon-provided Estimates
Received from the Departments of Anesthesiology and Statistics, University of Washington, Seattle, Washington. Submitted for publication October 24, 1995. Accepted for publication July 1, 1996. Supported in part by National Science Foundation Grant BCS-9315497 (G.B.). Presented in part at the annual meeting of the American Society of Anesthesiologists, San Francisco, California, October 15-19, 1994. Study conducted at the University of Washington Medical Center, Seattle, Washington.
Cost containment is, currently, a major priority in health care. Hospital surgical suites are likely targets for cost reduction efforts because they can consume 9% of an institution's annual budget. [1] Inaccurate scheduling of elective operations can increase costs, either when overestimation of operating time results in unused operating rooms or when underestimation results in unplanned overtime work or cancellation of cases. In studies, researchers found operating room utilization rates (operating time as a proportion of a notional 8-h working day) to be low overall, approximately 40-60% in widely varying settings, including the Chicago area, [2] the nation of Colombia, [3] and the United States Department of Veterans Affairs. [2] In addition, low utilization may occur despite frequent overrunning of the elective schedule. For example, in a British study of 3,657, half-day (3.5-h) operating schedules, it was found that 32.5% lasted less than 2.5 h (i.e., less than 71.4% used), whereas 20.9% ran overtime by a half hour or more. [4] Inaccurate surgical scheduling also can have an economic impact on other aspects of hospital operation, including the recovery room, [5] intensive care unit, and ancillary services such as x-ray and clinical laboratories.
Despite the obvious importance of accurate scheduling in surgical suites, the subject has generated little in the way of scientific inquiry, in contrast to the extensive research on job shop scheduling in industry. [6] In the few published reviews on surgical scheduling [7,8] researchers discussed articles with limited scope, no practical assessment, or only short assessment periods. More recent reports also contained little in the way of objective data. [9-11] Although no particular method of scheduling has been shown to be superior, many institutions use a variant of "block scheduling," in which blocks of time are reserved for particular surgeons until some deadline, after which the remaining time becomes generally available.
Regardless of the method used to construct the daily schedule, having an accurate prediction of operating time for each surgery is a prerequisite for matching workload to capacity. Many institutions use commercial scheduling software to generate time estimates, to track the bookings, and to print each day's schedule. Our institution's scheduling software uses only historical data to make its estimates and does not take into account surgeon input or patient-related factors. Often, gross discrepancies occur, in either direction, between the scheduled and actual operating time. We hypothesized that the accuracy of operating time estimation could be improved if the surgeon's sophisticated knowledge about the degree of complexity of each individual patient were incorporated into a regression model and that any biases in individual surgeon's time estimates could be compensated for by modeling. To test these hypotheses, a study was designed in three phases to compare the accuracy of the scheduling software, the surgeon, and computer model-generated estimates of operating time for elective cases.
The study was performed at the University of Washington Medical Center (UWMC), a 450-bed adult tertiary referral center. Institutional approval was obtained for review of the medical records and enrollment of surgeons as subjects in the study. The operating time estimates and the daily operative schedule are generated by Surgiserver software (Serving Software, Minneapolis, MN), running under MS-DOS (Microsoft, Redmond, WA) on a network of IBM-compatible computers. The method for calculating time estimates is to take the actual duration (i.e., from incision until the dressing is applied, as recorded by the operating room nurse at the time of surgery) of the last ten similar cases for an individual surgeon (grouped by an in-house coding system of approximately 1,200 descriptors) and calculate a trimmed mean by discarding the greatest and least durations and averaging the remaining eight. When fewer than ten cases are available, a simple mean is calculated. If there are no previous similar cases, an estimate is given by the head nurse of the surgical suite. This was a frequent occurrence when the database was first used, but now occurs only rarely, because the in-house coding system has sufficiently broad categories to include most surgeries. To improve the accuracy of subsequent case estimates, all cases are recorded using the in-house code for the operation actually performed, rather than the one originally scheduled.
The first phase of the study was a retrospective review of calendar 1993 data, comparing the time estimates generated by the computer scheduling system and those provided by surgeons with the actual duration of each case. The review was limited to the 43 surgeons who provided time estimates for 50 or more cases during the year. They were aware that their estimates were not actually used in the scheduling process.
The surgeons' estimates were grouped in 30-min-wide bins (0-29 min, 30-59 min, etc.) by actual operating time. For each case, the squared error between the predicted and actual operating times was calculated. Within each 30-min bin, these squared errors were then normalized using the average and the standard deviation of the squared errors of all the procedures within that bin, yielding a normalized squared error for each case. A score for each surgeon was calculated as the mean for that surgeon's cases from all bins. Under the null hypothesis that all surgeons are equally good predictors, the scores are approximately normally distributed because of the central limit theorem, even if the original prediction errors are not normally distributed. Therefore, the expected score and standard deviation could be calculated using the average and standard deviation of the individual scores. A similar calculation was performed on the scheduling system estimates. Using these scores, individual surgeon's estimates were compared with other surgeons' estimates and also with scheduling system estimates using the appropriate standard errors and normal tables.
In the second phase of the study (calendar 1994), data were collected prospectively from 64 surgeons who, after an explanation of the purpose of the study and the surgical input sought, indicated a willingness to participate and gave written informed consent. Most surgical services were sampled, although cardiac surgery estimates were not collected because the majority of their operations were classified as urgent, therefore falling outside the ambit of the study (cases appearing on the printed schedule compiled the day before surgery). The neurosurgeons initially did not participate in the study, although one neurosurgeon agreed to participate during phase 3. At the beginning of phase 2 and every 3 months during it, the surgeons were given a list of individual case and mean operating times for the previous 3 months (historical data), grouped by (up to three) surgical CPT codes (the American Medical Association's standardized Current Procedural Terminology coding system). To provide reports with CPT codes, mappings from the Surgiserver data base to the Department of Anesthesiology's clinical data base [12] were performed. Having approximately 5,000 options in the surgical CPT coding gave a finer subdivision of the cases than did the in-house system.
Data collection forms and instructions were provided to the participating surgeons' patient care coordinators or to the surgeons themselves. The surgeons were asked to complete a data collection form at the time of booking each case, to provide a time estimate, a description of the operation and its CPT code, an estimate of case difficulty (by quintiles), their certainty that the proposed procedure would be performed (or changed due to intraoperative findings), and the presence of confounding factors (not using historical data on operating times for that procedure, lack of essential diagnostic information at the time of booking, or unknown level of resident assistance).
Summary statistics of the phase 2 data were compared with the phase 1 data. A logspline density estimate [13] for the error in the surgeon estimate using the 1994 prospective data was computed and compared with the density estimate for the 1993 retrospective data. In density estimation, it is assumed that observations come from a smooth continuous density function, which is to be estimated from the data (i.e., a smoothed version of a histogram). The logspline method uses polynomial splines to approximate the density. An advantage of the logspline method is that the smoothing parameter, comparable with the number of bins in a histogram, is determined by the algorithm, and does not need to be determined by the user.
In phase 2, regression models were derived to predict the duration of the surgery based on a combination of the surgeon estimate, the estimate provided by the Surgiserver scheduling system, and the other variables collected: gender of the patient, whether the surgery was going to be bilateral, whether the rank of the resident assistant involved was unknown, whether essential diagnostics were missing when the procedure was scheduled, an estimate of the case difficulty (in quintiles), and whether the historical information was used when making the surgeon's time estimate. All linear combinations of these predictors were considered in the models.
L1 regression, [14] a robust regression technique that minimizes the sum of the absolute residuals, was used, rather than the more common least squares regression (which minimizes the sum of the squared residuals). Least squares regression is useful when errors are normally distributed, but it is known to be influenced strongly by extreme outliers. Some of our cases had huge residuals, presumably because the procedure that eventually was carried out differed considerably from the planned procedure or because serious intraoperative problems arose. To avoid biasing the results with those extreme outliers, the L1 technique was chosen. Although most of the available robust regression techniques give similar results, L1 regression has the advantage that its loss function, the sum of the absolute errors, has a natural interpretation as the sum of the time that cases extended beyond their estimates plus the sum of the time that duration of cases was less than their estimates.
Because models with different numbers of predictors were considered, standard measures of goodness-of-fit, such as the coefficient of determination R2, cannot be used. (The R2will increase whenever additional predictors enter a model, even if those do not actually improve the prediction.) Instead, n-fold (leave-one-out) cross validation was used to compare the predictive performance of the models considered. Cross validation involves estimating the parameters in the model from a portion of the data, after which the cases that were not used to estimate those parameters are predicted. Because the predicted cases were not used to estimate the parameters, their prediction errors form an unbiased estimate of the predictive performance of the model. [14] # In n-fold cross-validation, this technique is taken to the extreme, because all cases except one are used to estimate the parameters, and only the one remaining case is predicted. The prediction error for that case is then estimated by comparing the prediction of this model with the actual value. The PRESS [15,16] (predicted residual sum of squares) estimate for the prediction error is obtained by averaging the prediction errors for all cases, so that eventually, all cases are used n-1 times to estimate parameters and once to estimate a prediction error. Using n-fold cross-validation avoids the illusion that a model with more predictors always seems to fit better than a model with a subset of those predictors. Specific models for each specialty and a combined model applied to the complete dataset were derived as described. Methods to calculate standard errors for regression coefficients in robust regression techniques are not as well established as for least squares regression. They were computed using the methods of Sposito [17] and Bassett and Koenker. [18] The required density estimate at the median of the error distribution was obtained using the logspline procedure.
Under the null hypothesis that the model estimates are not better than the scheduling system or surgeons' estimates, the number of cases for which the model estimate is better than the scheduling system or surgeons' estimates has a binomial distribution, with n equal to the number of cases and P = 0.5. Because the number of samples is large, estimates may be compared using normal tables.
Five surgeons from different specialties (neuro-, oral, general, orthopedic, and ophthalmic surgery) were asked to provide scheduling information by personal interviews for a 3-month period, to assess the effects of improving the fidelity of data capture. For each of these surgeons, the phase 2 (combined) model that was fitted to the 1994 data was applied. For this model, we computed again the median absolute prediction error. In addition, for each of the five surgeons, a separate (personal) model was fitted, using the 1994 and 1995 data. (For several of the surgeons, using just the 1995 data would have left an insufficient number of cases to formulate a reliable model.) As in phase 2, this was an L1 regression model, and an unbiased estimate of the prediction error was obtained using n-fold (leave-one-out) cross-validation.
Of the 8,897 elective cases, 5,667 were analyzable (i.e., had both surgeon and scheduling system estimates available). For all cases combined, the mean absolute error of the surgeons' estimates was 53 min (34% of average case length of 157 min), compared with a mean absolute error of 55 min for the scheduling system. For 26 of the 43 surgeons, the surgeon's score was significantly better (P < 0.01) than the scheduling system's score for that same surgeon, based on the binning procedure, whereas no surgeon's estimates were significantly worse than the scheduler at the level of P = 0.05. In retrospect, the average of the two predictions would have yielded a smaller mean absolute error of 49.4 min. Choosing retrospectively the better of the two predictions still gave a mean absolute error of 38.5 min.
Six surgeons, from the departments of ophthalmic (2), neuro-, orthopedic, otolaryngology, and oral surgery, performing 10.3% of the cases, had scores below the P = 0.01 level when compared with all the surgeons, suggesting they were extremely good predictors. Conversely, five individuals, from the departments of general (2), urologic (2) and thoracic surgery, performing 10.6% of the cases, were extremely poor predictors (P > 0.99). If all the surgeons were actually equally good at prediction, only 1% of them would be expected to be good and 1% as bad by their scores. For the six best predictors, the mean absolute error was 35 min (24% of 145 min), and for the five worst predictors, the mean absolute error was 73 min (44% of 166 min). Three of the six surgeons who provided the best predictions were the ones for whom the scheduling system's estimates were the most accurate, whereas three of the five worst predictors were among the four surgeons who had the worst scheduler-generated predictions.
For purposes of comparison with previously published data, [1] Table 1shows the distribution of "accuracy ratios," calculated as the ratio of actual to scheduled hours (from the scheduling system) for all elective cases (including those from surgeons with fewer than 50 cases per year).
Summary statistics of phase 2 are shown in Table 2. Approximately one fifth of the collected forms had to be discarded because they were incomplete, were completed after the time of scheduling the surgery, or had been completed for operations scheduled but not done. Of the 711 acceptable forms, a further 5 cases attributed to the discipline "other" were dropped, leaving 706 cases for analysis. The field recording degree of difficulty in quintiles was completed patchily (e.g., only approximately 10% of general surgery records had this field completed). Overall, approximately 30% of cases were assigned to each of the three least difficult quintiles, and only 10% to the most difficult two quintiles combined. All specialties reported a greater than 90% confidence that the scheduled operation would be done as scheduled, with the exception of orthopedic surgery (67% confidence). Historical data were used in estimation of 81% of cases by all specialties except ophthalmology (18%). All specialties reported a less than 20% incidence of cases where essential diagnostic information was missing at the time of booking. There was wide variation in knowledge of resident assistance.
(Figure 1) shows the logspline fitted density functions of the error in surgeon estimates for phase 2 and phase 1 data. It can be seen that the surgeons in phase 2 further underestimated the duration of surgery, because the density estimate is centered further away from zero. Otherwise, the density of prediction errors seems to be similar to that of phase 1 (30.5% of the average case length of 168 min).
Figure 1. Logspline estimate of the density function of the error in surgeon estimates for phase 1 (solid line) and phase 2 (dotted line). The phase 2 curve is shifted rightward, which indicates larger mean prediction errors, whereas the variability of the prediction errors is essentially unchanged.
Models derived using combinations of the possible confounding factors (such as lack of historical data, essential diagnostic data missing, and difficulty of the case) yielded prediction errors that were, at best, 5% smaller than the model that depended only on the surgeon and scheduling system estimates. Using only those parameters, specialty specific and combined models using the complete dataset were derived (Table 2). It can be seen that the models for gynecology, general surgery, ophthalmology, and oral surgery are essentially the same as the combined model, giving approximately 25% more weight to the surgeons' estimates than to the scheduler's estimates. For urology, the model gives more weight to the scheduling system estimate, whereas for orthopedics, it gives three times the weight to the surgeon estimate. The model for otolaryngology, having the smallest sample size, is much more variable than the other models.
There is a small improvement of the specialty specific model estimates over both the scheduling system estimates and the surgeon estimates (Table 2), except for the prediction errors for the separate models for oral and orthopedic surgery, which yield errors that are slightly worse than the surgeon estimates. The combined model improves 11.5% over the scheduling system estimate and 12.1% over the surgeons' estimate, whereas the specialty specific model improves only 8.6% and 9.1%, respectively. The combined model estimate was better than the scheduling system estimate in 421 of 706 cases (P < 0.0001), and better than the surgeons estimate in 424 of 706 cases (P < 0.0001).
The phase 3 results are summarized in Table 3. The overall errors in estimation were similar to those of phase 2 (30.5% of average case length of 225 min). For the general surgeon (for whom the models yielded the largest improvements), inclusion of the surgeons' estimates (in quintiles) about difficulty of the case further reduced the mean absolute prediction error from 17.8% to 16.9% of the average case length. For none of the other surgeons was there such an improvement. For the five surgeons combined, applying the personal models gave an improvement of 17.2%, whereas the model from phase 2 yielded an improvement of 18.2% over the scheduling system estimate (compared with an improvement of 11.5% in phase 2). However, without the general surgeon, these improvements are down to 11.0% for the combined model, whereas the personal model predicts 6.0% worse than the scheduling system predictions.
Whatever system is used to schedule operating room time, [7-11] having more accurate estimates of each case's duration should help reduce both underutilization and overrunning of the planned workday. The Surgiserver's trimmed mean (eight of ten) estimation method used in our institution gave results that were statistically no better than any individual surgeon's estimates and were worse than the estimates of 60% of the surgeons. Therefore, this software offers no advantage over simply asking the surgeons to provide a time estimate when they book each case, although the accuracy of their estimates is also low. Trimmed mean estimation is widely used in operating room scheduling, because it is provided by both Surgiserver, which has approximately a one-third share of the proprietary scheduling systems market, and the competing Orbit Surgical Services Management software (Enterprise Systems, Wheeling, IL), which also has approximately a one-third share of the market (personal communications, Ann Randall, Serving Software, and Tom Newell, Enterprise Systems). It was beyond the scope of our study to investigate the validity or otherwise of this approach; our intent was to assess the accuracy of surgeons' estimates compared with a widely used system, and to investigate whether computer models that include surgeon-provided data could improve its accuracy.
There are several possible explanations for the inaccuracy of estimates generated from the scheduling system's historical database. The in-house coding scheme for classifying the operations lacks the specificity of CPT coding, and, therefore, lumps together procedures of differing complexity and time requirements. However, using the more specific CPT coding scheme would have required a larger data base and a longer data collection period to initialize the prediction algorithm. In addition, among identical operations, potentially confounding variables that are unknown to the scheduling system, such as obesity, adhesions from prior surgery, difficult anatomy, etc., may have a major impact on the operating time for particular patients. Because such variables tend to be specialty specific, it is difficult to conceive of a data collection form that would be sufficiently comprehensive to allow the scheduling system to account for such variables without being unduly cumbersome to complete and process. We hypothesized that surgeons would be able to take individual patient and specialty specific factors into account to provide more accurate estimates.
We chose a different definition of operating time (from incision to dressing application) in the study than the Association of Anesthesia Clinical Directors' (patient entering to leaving the operating room). This decision was made because that definition had been used in the collection of the retrospective data, and because our intent was to address how well surgeons could predict the duration of surgery alone (i.e., the part of the schedule they control). Therefore, we assumed that the majority of the variability in the schedule was accounted for by discrepancies in the length of actual versus scheduled operating time. This assumption is supported by Dexter et al., [19] who noted that even if the anesthesia-controlled portion of the time (room entry to positioning time plus wound dressing to room exit time) could be decreased to zero, insufficient extra time would be made available, on average, to allow one additional 30-min operation to be performed.
Despite their sophistication and extensive information base, the surgeons in phase 1 were only slightly better at estimating than the scheduling system, and they tended to underestimate their operating time. Possible reasons for the poor surgeon predictions were: 1) inattention to the prediction process because of knowledge that their input was not being used, 2) lack of historical information for them to base their estimates on, and 3) a tendency to give the same time estimate for every operation of a given type, much like the scheduling system did. The phase 2 estimates by the surgeons were less accurate than the phase 1 estimates, despite their being asked to be conscientious about the process of estimating.
Operations by some surgical specialties may be inherently easy or inherently difficult to predict. Gordon et al. [1] noted, for example, that at The Johns Hopkins Medical Institutions, laparoscopies (the second-most-frequent procedure) varied by 42% from the estimated time, whereas hysterectomies, inguinal hernia repairs, and prostatectomies varied by only 0-4%. Our data support the contention that some types of surgery are inherently difficult to predict: three of the six best surgeon predictors also were those for whom the scheduling system estimates were most accurate and three of the worst were among the four surgeons who had the worst scheduling system-generated predictions. The good predictors were from specialties that operate on the body surface or extremities, where diagnosis is usually straightforward and the operations are standardized. By contrast, the poor predictors were from specialties that, in this institution, have a high proportion of intracavitary, oncologic procedures, in which the surgical procedures are far from standardized and may have to be modified during the course of the operation.
Personal interviews with the surgeons identified as being good predictors did not help elucidate the reasons for their success, although a common theme was that they took the process of prediction seriously and made efforts to be accurate even though that accuracy was not rewarded by, for example, greater availability of operating time. Indeed, in some hospitals, accurate prediction might penalize a surgeon trying to "fit" an extra case into his or her elective scheduling block. The fact that, even retrospectively, the reduction in the error is quite small, suggests that some modeling is required to reduce the prediction errors by an amount that would be practically important.
The second phase of the study was designed to provide historical data to the surgeons and to collect potential explanatory variables, unavailable to us in the retrospective data, for use in predictive modeling. We attempted to identify possible confounding factors, common to all specialties, that would allow us to derive more accurate models. The results of this approach were disappointing, in that the more complex models produced results no better than those from simpler models using only surgeon and scheduling system estimates. It is possible that different confounding factors would have been more useful in this regard. We believe, however, that this merely confirms our original supposition that surgeons' evaluation of patients is a sophisticated process that incorporates a large number of specialty-specific factors that affect the duration of an operation. If this is true, modeling using historical data (i.e., the scheduling system estimates) to compensate for systematic biases in the surgeons' estimations may be the best approach. Accordingly, we derived models using only surgeon and scheduling system estimates.
The model estimates showed a modest improvement in accuracy, but the absolute errors were still of a magnitude that would make accurate scheduling difficult overall. However, even small percentage improvements may produce large real-time savings in longer or high volume cases (see later). Calculating specialty-specific models did not improve on the combined model, even though specific models weighted the surgeon and scheduling system estimates differently. In addition, only the otolaryngology model (having the smallest sample size) was markedly more variable than either the combined model or the other specialty-specific models. That the models gave results similar both absolutely and in terms of variability suggests that the approach of using a combined model to predict individual specialties is valid, although it is possible that larger specialty-specific datasets would improve the accuracy of separate models. A sophisticated information system would be able to "learn" from experience and adjust models to take this into account; as numbers in individual datasets increased, it would be possible to choose the more accurate model (combined or specialty specific).
The lack of improvement in the surgeon's performance in phase 2 could have been due to several factors. The low rate of return of data forms (approximately 15% of the possible cases) and the fact that many were sloppily prepared suggest a lack of commitment to the study by the surgeons. All surgeons who performed more than one case per week were approached, and gave consent to be part of the study. The surgeons who actually participated showed a certain level of interest, in that they made time to complete and return the forms. It is speculative as to the influence the specialties not participating would have had on the results. Cardiac surgery has been shown to be predicted accurately at a different institution, actual time varying only 12% from scheduled. [1] The neurosurgeon who agreed to participate in phase 3 at UWMC had a percentage prediction error of 34.3% (compared with 30.5% overall).
Despite extensive educational efforts, both written and in person, it was uncertain whether the instructions for form completion were clear enough. For example, the distribution of the quintiles of difficulty tended to be biased to the middle (averagely difficult) quintile and were not uniformly distributed, as true quintiles would have been. In the great majority of cases, the surgeons indicated on the data collection form that they were confident or fairly confident of their estimates, and in only a small minority of cases was diagnostic information lacking. In other words, the surgeons thought, in the majority of cases, that the estimates they were giving were as accurate as possible.
The third phase was designed to overcome the difficulties with surgeon compliance in the second phase. It was decided to concentrate on a small number of interested surgeons with varying lengths and types of operations, in an effort to obtain complete data for their bookings and to further encourage conscientious efforts at time estimation. Each was approached before every elective case during a 3-month period by the same research coordinator, and a form identical to that used in phase 2 was completed. Results were encouraging-personal modeling reduced the error in surgeons' estimates by 18% in phase 3, compared with 11.7% in phase 2. The absolute errors were still large, however, and if the best individual surgeon predictor is removed, the improved accuracy from modeling is comparable with that in phase 2. However, for that predictor, a busy general surgeon with a heterogeneous caseload and a major commitment to intraoperative teaching, personal modeling reduced the prediction error by 40%. His personal model error (17.8%) compares favorably with the errors of even the six best predictors from phase 1 (24%). In absolute terms, his personal model produces estimates that are more accurate than the scheduling system by 43 min. Assuming he does two cases daily, that provides potential error reduction of 86 min, sufficient time to fit in an extra case (if the present scheduler were overestimating) or suggest postponing one case (if the present scheduler were underestimating).
Personal modeling increased the prediction error for three of the five surgeons in phase 3, which could be caused by large variance due to small numbers in the dataset. This explanation is supported by the data (Table 3), which show: 1) the largest error reductions (between the surgeon and personal model estimates) occurred with the larger sample sizes, and 2) a reduction in prediction error was seen for every surgeon in the combined model, which was derived from a greater number of cases. We can only speculate as to whether having increased numbers of cases for individual surgeons would make their personal models generally better than the combined model.
In the largest reported study of operating times, Gordon et al. [1] compared surgeons' estimates with actual case duration for 56,000 cases throughout a 3-yr period at Johns Hopkins Hospital, an academic medical center very similar to ours. Scheduling was entirely based on surgeons' estimates, and no attempts were made to compare scheduling system-generated estimates or to improve accuracy with computer modeling. The average case length at Johns Hopkins was slightly shorter than ours, but the variability of their surgeons' errors of estimation were similar. Only 26% of their case lengths were within 15% of the estimate (vs. 24% at UWMC in 1993; Table 1), whereas 31% of cases were more than 30% shorter than the estimate (37% at UWMC), and 19% were more than 30% longer than estimated (18% at UWMC).
At UWMC, there was no relation between accuracy of prediction and scheduled case duration: cases that over- or underran were predicted to last, on average, approximately the same. Cases scheduled to be shorter appear to be clustered at the extremes (ratios < 0.7 or > 1.3), owing to similar absolute errors representing larger percentage errors on shorter scheduled cases compared with longer scheduled cases. The apparent increase in average length with increasing ratio of actual to scheduled case time in our data and those from Johns Hopkins is artifactual, and would be similar even if all cases had been estimated to last the same time. Gordon et al. [1] emphasize that, when trying to improve accuracy of scheduling, focusing on high volume procedures and lengthy procedures can yield gains in productivity. Even though such cases are scheduled no more inaccurately than any others, it is self-evident that small percentage changes in these areas would produce large real-time benefits.
Overall, the reported 2% difference between scheduled and actual operating time at Johns Hopkins (vs. 9.5% at UWMC) appears, at first glance, to represent a good match between workload and capacity. However, these figures conceal the fact that underuse and overruns on individual days will both increase costs while canceling each other in the utilization calculation. In addition, within a working day, noninterchangeable operating rooms, equipment, and personnel may have prevented cases from being moved from rooms running late to those finishing early, although the overall utilization figure could still approach 100%. Overall utilization figures also conceal inefficiencies resulting from deviations from scheduled arrival and departure times on other departments dependent on the operating room, such as holding and recovery areas, [5] radiology suites, etc. Although it would be informative to examine the variability in the length of the case lists for individual rooms, those data are not available from the Johns Hopkins study or from our own work.
In another study that actually used statistics to help generate daily operating lists, Rose and Davies [20] gathered data on 612 urologic operations performed during a 15-month period in one hospital. They arranged their data in aggregates of short (3.5-h) and long (7-h) operating sessions. Of the 49 types of operations, 15 occupied 86% of the operating time. For those 15 types of operations, the "loading standard" (a weighted average based on the statistical beta distribution and conceptually borrowed from critical path analysis used in industry) was calculated and supplied to the surgeons to aid in booking their cases during the second phase of the study. They demonstrated a significant reduction in the standard deviation of the length of the operating sessions (from 71 to 35 min for the short block and from 99 to 77 min for the long block), while keeping the mean length of the operating sessions (and, therefore, operating room productivity) unchanged. Although encouraging as regards our own work, their study was limited, because it examined only one surgical specialty, whose cases are, mostly, relatively homogeneous. Transurethral surgery, for example, would seem to be inherently predictable, because the time taken depends on the weight of the enlarged gland alone. This contention is supported by the Johns Hopkins data, [1] in which transurethral operations have an error of only 15% from scheduled estimates.
Although not directly comparable with our study, previous work has shown the importance of concentrating on surgical time, rather than anesthetic or room turnover time. Mazzei [21] noted that attempts to shorten room preparation, induction and wake-up, room cleanup, and surgical preparation and draping times would require special effort, more manpower, and capital expenditure. He noted that in an academic medical center, however, such efforts would save only approximately 30 min daily, which would not provide enough additional time to perform more operations. Dexter et al. [19] made the similar point that decreasing anesthesia controlled time by using, for example, preoperative intravenous catheter teams, procedure rooms, or shorter-acting drugs may simply increase costs, without providing commensurate savings in useful operating room time. By contrast, more accurate scheduling of cases requires only redeployment of existing data collection personnel and computer facilities, because most institutions use some form of computer-aided scheduling already. It is beyond the scope of this study to investigate the economic impact of improved accuracy of scheduling, but the potential benefits of matching demand with resources for a facility as expensive as an operating room suite, and the ancillary services that depend on it, are obvious.
The scope and sample size of this study were constrained severely by the available resources and the state of information management within the UWMC. Ideally, we would have had available a comprehensive, hospital-wide information system to integrate our study protocol into the active scheduling process. Thereby, a surgeon wishing to schedule a case could have been given timely historical data on operating times for similar cases, as well as feedback on the accuracy of previous predictions. In addition, viewing of the historical data and completion of our questionnaire could have been made mandatory to book a case through the scheduling system, allowing us to acquire a complete set of data. Validity checking of surgeon-supplied data could have been performed on-line, and statistical tests could have been used to identify and discourage some surgeons' practice of always estimating the same time or quintile of difficulty for a particular type of case. Finally, performing the study for a longer time may have improved the predictive models because, for example, enough data would be accumulated to make the quintiles more specific for the types of operations. Then, in a production scheduling system, the statistical model building could have been fine-tuned and made adaptive to changing conditions.
The general applicability of these results is limited, because the study was performed within a tertiary referral center. Our average case length of 157 min is considerably longer than the average expected in community hospitals. Having fewer surgeons with greater individual workloads, more standardized patients, less complex operations, and no resident teaching would undoubtedly have resulted in better predictions overall.
Encouragingly, as a whole, surgeons were better than the commercial scheduling software at estimating the duration of surgery, and individual surgeons did much better. A simple model that combined the surgeon's estimate with the historical data reduced the prediction errors significantly. The other variables examined in this study did not improve on that model. However, we would not conclude that such covariates are useless until they have been tried on a larger data set, with conscientious surgeon effort and timely feedback. Future studies are worthwhile, therefore, to determine: 1) whether improvement would result by integrating the data gathering and analysis into the surgical booking software as envisaged; 2) whether better results would be obtained in a community hospital setting; and 3) whether the improvements in prediction will translate into more efficient scheduling and lower costs. Surgeons also need an incentive to reduce their errors in estimating duration. As the impact of managed care grows, the incentive to be more accurate will become greater.
The authors thank the surgeons who generously gave of their time to participate in this study, Katherine Cox and Sonja Kapitan, for assisting with the data collection, and Greta Marcelja and Judi Pence, for help in getting access to the computer databases.
French S: Sequencing and scheduling: An introduction to the mathematics of the job-shop. New York, Wiley, 1982.
Dexter F, Coffin S, Tinker JH: Decreases in anesthesia-controlled time cannot permit one additional surgical operation to be reliably scheduled during the workday. Anesth Analg 1995; 81:1263-8.
We believe that surfing can fuel the soul. It is a place where you can lose yourself while demanding you be present in the moment. It has worked for each of us and countless others we've introduced to the stoke. We invite you to join us for the experience!
Bigfoot Surf is committed to delivering a surf lesson experience that is safety focused, student centered, ocean aware, respects the surf community and builds a strong foundation for developing surfers for just the day or for life.
The BigFoot Surf Lessons Progression is based on the Gradual Release of Responsibility teaching model. GRR is a style of teaching which is a structured method of coaching framed around a process moving responsibility within the learning process from the teacher to the eventual independence of the student (You). This instructional model requires that the coach (Us), by design, transitions from assuming “all the responsibility for performing a task…to a situation in which the student or students assume all of the responsibility by the end of the surf lessons.” The Gradual Release of Responsibility model focuses on instruction that help guide students into becoming able thinkers and learners when handling the tasks with which they have not yet developed expertise (surfing). Bottom line – our surf lessons will guide you through each step to becoming an independent safe surfer.
Your preparation for surf lessons is vital for a good lesson experience – please see our ‘Frequently Asked Questions’ page for detailed information as to how best prepare for your Westport surfing adventure. HINT…we do not advise eating Cheetos and Chips-A-Hoy cookies for breakfast – it’s happened, not fun results.
Surfboard rentals – we recommend a 9’0 or 9’6 longboard surfboard, 8′ at the minimum, in the case of the beginner surfer bigger-is-better. Wetsuit rentals – A 5/4ml wetsuit (you will stay warm) is the best choice for surfing at Westport, with an average water temperature of 47 to 53 degrees Fahrenheit – at the least a 4/3ml wetsuit to stay comfortable. While taking a private or semi-private lesson with us we include surfboards for the duration of the lesson only. Our demo surfboards are stable and give us an advantage to delivering a desired outcome. Click Here – For List of Surfboard & Wetsuit Rental Shops. (reminder – we do not rent our gear) if you have special needs please feel free to contact us we are always willing to give it our best effort coming up with solutions to get you into the water and in one of our surf lessons.
Prior to your surf lesson please be sure to check and make sure all of your rental gear is functioning to ensure a safe and fun surf lesson/adventure; check the zippers on your wetsuit and booties, try on your wetsuit and booties, check the surfboard for dings or cracks on all the surfaces but pay close attention to the rails, nose and tail of the board, check the fins and fin boxes – make sure they don’t wiggle or feel loose, check the leash to make sure that it functions and is in good condition and doesn’t look worn especially the string that attaches the leash to the leash plug, make sure you buy some surfboard wax with your rental unless it has a soft-top or is made of foam. Please note that we will be making a visual and hands on inspection of all your gear before going on our surf lesson. Our goal is to provide a safe and secure experience for you. Support Your Local Surf Shops – Click Here – For List of Surfboard & Wetsuit Rental Shops. If you have questions about gear feel free to give us a call, we’re happy to make suggestions and answer any questions you may have about surf lessons. 360-515-7969.
ATTENTION: To book your lessons click on the “RESERVE NOW” button above and you will be taken to our online reservations page. You are also welcome to call us to book your lessons – we’d love to say Mahalo! BigFoot Surf School also offers special needs, corporate or private party inquiries. Call us today 360-515-7969.
This website uses cookies. By using our website you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy. If you do not agree, leave now. Also take a look at Disclaimer at the bottom of the page.
Disclaimer: We have a zero-tolerance policy against illegal pornography. All galleries and links are provided by 3rd parties and we have no control over the content of these pages. We take no responsibility for the content on any website which we link to, please use your own discretion while surfing the links. You can report an inappropriate video via email dr.crage@gmail.com
We never ask for your personal information, so we do not store anything. But we use cookies, in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Log cabin building located on Beverly Court. High visibility from Commercial Way ( US 19 ). Building could be converted to a restaurant. Grease traps installed when bulding was being built.Cement b [Read More]
Price REDUCED! ARIPEKA Open Gulf Front fenced cabin/home with an amazing 281' 1/3 Acre on the open Gulf of Mexico.Sea wall in place with 2/2 block/hardy board home. Property consists of 4 parcels wit [Read More]
AMAZING! Colonial style, brick home! Updated and move in ready! Stately, impressive 1 1/2 story pillars flank the elegant entry. Massive two story foyer with large chandelier greets and amazes you as [Read More]
The Fathers Day Shoot location and time has changed, please click on the Events Link for more details...
Redwoods In California Map You most likely already know that There is 17 Pictures Simple Design redwoods in california map Where is Giant Redwoods National Park map California is one of the most popular issues on the net at this time. Based on the data we got from all best images, Redwoods In California Map has very much search in search engine. We expect that Simple Design redwoods in california map Where is Giant Redwoods National Park map California present fresh ideas or references for followers.
Weve discovered a lot of references regarding Redwoods In California Map but we feel this one is the greatest. I we do hope you would also consider our thoughts. This image has been posted by Iqbal w.C and is in Maps World category. this article about giant redwoods in california map, redwood groves in california map, redwoods in california map section. You may get this picture by clicking on the save link or right click the graphic and choose save.
Content removal. We do not own, produce or host the videos displayed on this website. All of the videos displayed here are hosted by websites that are not under our control.© 2015 Besmiling.eu
たいこ、ギター、篠笛、鍵盤ハーモニカ、ウッドベースに加え、海外で手に入れた楽器や手づくりの小物楽器などから繰り出されるインスト曲やノリのよい唄ものなど、多彩なオリジナル曲で魅力いっぱいのライブが真骨頂。最近では世界各地のフォークダンス曲にも取り組み、会場が一体となって踊るなどお祭り感にますますみがきがかかっている。
Really big lady uses black dildo to fuck her own hairy? Next post light em up, cameras and action, strip tease bikini. Marica is a breath taking brunette asian doll with silky hair and an incredibly tight body, stripping naked in the bathroom and getting in the shower for a hot.
Buxom anime vixen loves having wild and hot. Perfect b cup girls big tits porn. It was time to put myself in dating im not bitter, sour and im not giving. The uniform age-based fee or the uniform fee-in-lieu of property tax are due at the time of registration and registration fees also. Our porn search engine delivers the hottest full-length scenes every.
Chick in mesh dress shaking her ass on. Mens pussy toys by my own, was not invited to. Free homemade porn hardcore incest fuck with daddy banging daughter at.
Videos for Bikini-Strip-Tease Watch them for free and search for more Bikini-Strip-Tease, Bikini, Striptease and Busty movies at Rexxx porn search.Hilary swank fully nude in an album titled hilary swank porn of the celebrity fakes. We have them all solo teen porn wow girls videos sacred revelations with this hot skinny teen nancy a who strips and fingers her pussy outdoors in this solo wow girls video. Most schools in russia also require school however, some school accept freestyle there are different opinions on how the standard school forms should look.
Steamy pics - pictures posted online by amateur girls and their friends of them in sexy and steamy situations invloving nudity and. Girls generally suck at games compared to guys as a its a bizarre phenomena that has mystified men throughout here is why. Burglars taking wife used as sex slave in double penetrations brutal sex. Vs Big Pussy Strip Tease Hd Bigtits Bikini B Ig.
Beautiful Bikini Babe Strips And Teases, nuvid, bikini, babes, striptease, dildos. Vampire diaries glee dating news entertainment beauty fashion lifestyle books tech company about us advertise apps labs terms privacy dmca who are your favorite glee stars dating.
Check that your domain name or ip number is not listed in any rbl dnsbl and protect against false spam what ip addresses does the host name. Amateur chocolate sauce porn video and more sex on biggest collection of free xxx well organized porno tube movies are updated. You are so fucking by far the best porn star love the way you tease so. Watch the video Bikini strip tease on Xtube, the worlds best porn tube with the hottest selection of porn videos and gay. We collect the hottest nude photos of abbey brooks and show them here on nude- if you rather look for pussy closeups of abbey brooks, abbey brooks in.
Black hair hot nude babes, russia men and russia women for no gimmicks? Arab muslim girl fucked by old. With adult friend finder mobile can do things your computer internet we. Hot girl stripping her bikini off and teasing with her.
I've been reading a book that was donated by the Creation Museum to a local Christian School. The book is Coming to Grips with Genesis: Biblical Authority and the Age of the Earth. The editors are Terry Mortenson, a missionary for 26 years with Campus Crusade and Thane H. Ury. This appears to be Ury's only book although he lectures on young-earth creation.
The book insists that young-earth creationism is the only biblical viewpoint. It criticises many respected biblical scholars who do not hold this view. It calculates the age of the world using the life spans of the rulers who lived before the flood, following Bishop Usher's dating which has been shown to be flawed.
I haven't finished reading the 14-chapter book. I had to stop when I reached chapter 11 because I could feel my blood pressure rising at the criticism of a former editor of The Journal of the American Scientific Affiliation (JASA) who I knew to be an outstanding Christian teacher and a good scientist. As Editor, he published my (not-very-good) poem on the big bang by divine decree in JASA in December 1983. Here is the poem:
The book also criticises another person I respect: Dr. Mark Noll, a former Wheaton College Professor, who wrote the following:
Despite a widespread impression to the contrary, “creationism” was not a traditional belief of nineteenth-century conservative Protestants or even of early-twentieth-century fundamentalists. During the century before the 1930s, most conservative Protestants believed that the “days” of Genesis, chapter one, stood for long ages of geological development or that a lengthy gap existed between the initial creation of the world (Gen. 1:1) and a series of more recent creative acts (Gen. 1:2ff.) during which the fossils were deposited. Some conservative Protestants early in the century—like James Orr of Scotland and B. B. Warfield of Princeton Theological Seminary, both of whom wrote for The Fundamentals (1910–15)—even allowed for large-scale evolution from one or only a few original life forms as a way of explaining God's way of creating plants, animals, and even the human body. (Their position came close to official Roman Catholic teachings on the subject.) Popular opponents of evolution in the 1920s like William Jennings Bryan had no difficulty accepting an ancient earth. Bryan, with an acuity that his patronizers rarely perceive, saw clearly that the great problem with evolution was not the practice of science but the metaphysical naturalism and consequent social Darwinism that scientific evolution was often called upon to justify.
Modern creationism arose, by contrast, from the efforts of earnest Seventh-day Adventists who wanted to show that the sacred writings of Adventist-founder Ellen G. White (who made much of a recently created earth and the Noachian deluge) could provide a framework for studying the history of the earth. Especially important for this purpose was the Adventist theorist, George McCready Price (1870–1963), who published a string of creationist works, most notably The New Geology (1923). That book argued that a “simple” or “literal” reading of early Genesis showed that God had created the world six to eight thousand years ago and had used the Flood to construct the planet's geological past. Price, an armchair geologist with little formal training and almost no field experience, demonstrated how a person with such a belief could reconstruct natural history in order to question traditional understandings of the geological column and apparent indications that the earth was ancient. Price's ideas were never taken seriously by practicing geologists, and they had little impact outside of Adventist circles. One exception was the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod, where a few energized critics of the modern world found Price's biblical literalism convincing, despite the fact that on almost every other religious question the Missouri Synod was about as far removed from Seventh-day Adventism as it was possible to be. Although Price and various associates founded several creationist organizations (like the Deluge Geological Society), these groups were short-lived. Similarly, early creationist literature seemed to have little visible effect beyond a narrow circle. A few fundamentalists, like the Presbyterian minister Henry Rimmer (1890–1952), proposed somewhat similar views concerning the Flood, but Rimmer's influence had much diminished by the time of his death.
When a rising corps of university-trained conservative evangelical scientists founded the American Scientific Affiliation (ASA) in 1941, creationist “flood geologists” thought this society would provide a receptive forum for their conclusions. It did not. Although leaders of the ASA maintained strict views of biblical authority and defended the sovereignty of God over the natural world, almost all of them held to the older day/age or gap theories, or came to feel that divine revelation in Genesis and natural revelation from empirical investigation did not need to be harmonized in the ways that had been repeatedly tried, revised, and tried again since the early nineteenth century. (Read it all here.)
Here is what Mortenson and Ury say about Noll: Sadly, Noll largely bases his indictment of young-earth creationists on the historical interpretations of a secualr historian of science, Ronald Numbers, whom (amazingly) Noll describes as a "truly professional" historian who has "few bones to pick with basic Christian teachings." (p. 233)
What I find truly sad is that Mortenson and Ury believe that they are more qualified to speak on the history of science and Christianity than Ronald L. Numbers and Mark Noll.
The final straw was the great confusion I found in the 12 Affirmations and Denials at the end of the book. I'll address Affirmation VI and Affirmation XII as these teach contrary to what Genesis actually says.
VI. We affirm that the genealogies in Genesis 5 and 11 are chronological, enabling us to arrive at an approximate date of creation of the whole universe (p. 454).
Clearly these people haven't a clue about how historically reliable this material is becasue they don't even include Genesis 4 which must be read with Genesis 5 as the lines of Cain and Seth intermarried. The intermarriage is shown by the cousin bride's naming prerogative as in the case of Lamech's daughter Namaah (Gen. 4: 22) who married her cousin Methusaleh and named their first-born son Lamech (Gen 5: 25) after her father.
They don't realize that Genesis reveals that Cain and Seth married the daughters of an African chief name Nok (Enoch). That's why both their first-born sons were named Enoch. Given the young-earth creationist scheme, this would mean that Enoch, who was a ruler over a region in west central Africa about 10,000 years ago, was a comtemporary of Adam. So either Adam was not the only man created at the beginning or there is a gap of time between the creation stories and the first historical individuals named in Genesis 4 and 5. I propose that the gap of time was filled by the author's knitting together the oldest mythological motifs of Abraham's ancestors involving a Tree of Life and a Serpent with the oldest known ruler lists. This in no way overthrows the Bible's authority. Rather it shows that biblical authority rests on a tradition of great antiquity, and the biblical worldview is already evident in the oldest known religious beliefs and practices.
XII. We affirm that all people living and dead are descended from Adam and Eve...and that the various people groups (with their various languages, cultures, and distinctive physical characteristics, including skin color) arose as a result of God's supernatural judgment at the Tower of Babel..."
There are 17 language families in the world. Each breaks down into hundreds of languages, dialects and sub-dialects. All the people groups mentioned in Genesis 10 belong to only one language family: the Afro-Asiatic. The Bible is their story because the promise of the Son was made to their ancestors in Eden (Gen. 3:15) Further, most of these people are of African origin and dark skin color so it is ignorant to say that skin color variation is the result of God's judgment.
As Dr. Joshua Zorn, a former young-earth creationist has said: "The worst aspect of YECS teaching is that it creates a nearly insurmountable barrier between the educated world and the church."
Right on! Take several very deep breaths, but keep on writing! This whole "young earth vs. old earth" issue is so pervasive in various circles, especially among non-Orthodox homeschoolers. Thank you for speaking from a much more meaningfully real perspective!
I am more and more convinced that this mindset results from an abysmally low view of common grace. These folks disparage pagan thinkers so casually, as if being an evangelical is the only ticket to ensuring that any true statements are capable of proceeding out of one's mouth.
Even more ironic is this experience: We once did a homeschool COOP with a varied group of Protestant and Evangelicals. I taught literature, English, writing - basic language arts - and I tried to coordinate my curriculum with the history teacher's. No problem. But, when history hit the time of persecution of the early Church, I assigned a book, written long ago by an Anglican Clergyman, called the "Exiles of the Cebenna". On it's cover was a photo of the very old mosaic of "Christ the Good Shepherd" found in Ravenna. Several of the parents were TOTALLY horrified. How did I dare give them something which depicted Christ? Idol worshipper! Yet, this same image is in almost every art textbook known to Western civilization. Nonetheless, one parent had his student tear off the cover. Others refused to let their students read the material at all. Yet, all the time, the cover of one of their (Christian published) history books had the image of Janus, the pagan god who looks both ways in time, as its cover. But, that was ok. Sometimes it's hard to understand how people think. Oh, then the best part of all - we actually met in the "tear off the cover" person's church space - and in the youngest children's Sunday school room there were, hanging on the walls, these really bad, bad, sappy B&W line drawings of Jesus teaching the children... That was a blood pressure moment for me, I confess.
Some Christians are so removed from Church History and Holy Tradition that they are unable to connect the dots. Consider how the Blessed Theotokos holds no place in the thoughts of such people. Yet in her God fulfilled the first and overarching promise of Scripture - Gen. 3:15 - concerning the Son of God.
Some readers may not be aware that I have another blog - Biblical Anthropology - that addresses topics other than the book of Genesis....
The Kushites are the Nilo-Saharan peoples who contributed their binary worldview to the ancient Afro-Asiatic world . They include red, bl...
Analysis of the marriage and ascendancy structure of Moses' family reveals the distinctive pattern of the Horite ruler-priest caste. ...
That is a question that I am often asked. The answer, based on the evidence of Biblical Anthropology (a science), is that Abraham resemble...
Father Abraham, justified by faith, saw the promise of the Son to come and believed! Jesus said to the unbelievers, "Your father A...
Following the custom of his Horite forefathers, Abraham had two wives. Sarah was his half-sister wife and Keturah was his patrilineal co...
Analysis of the marriage and ascendancy structure of Abraham's Horite people reveals that the rulers had two wives. The first was a ha...
Alice C. Linsley Abraham, Moses , Samuel and David were all Horite (Horim) as evidenced by the common marriage and ascendancy pattern o...
Petra reflects the pillared architecture of the Horite shrines of the Nile, and the first ruler of Petra, Obodas, took his name from t...
God’s Knitting Needles Revealed in the Creation of Mike Trout? - The satire site, The Babylon Bee, published a fiction piece earlier this year in which Ken Ham claimed that Mike Trout’s amazing baseball abilities are the...
Who Were the Horite Hebrew? - Horus unites the peoples. Alice C. Linsley The mysterious 'Apiru were known also as the Hapiru or Habiru. Habiru is rendered "Hebrew" in English Bibles. ...
The Busyness-Idleness Conundrum - Julien Dupre 1880 In his Works of Love, arguably his greatest ethical text, Kierkegaard uses an agricultural metaphor to describe busyness: ''…the busy ...
Are You His Disciple Indeed? - Edward F. Lundwall, Jr. The word “Christian” is used only 3 times in the NT, but "disciple" is used 372 times. What are the marks of a disciple of Jesus...
What is Biblical Anthropology? - Alice C. Linsley An emerging field of anthropology, Biblical Anthropology, focuses on an empirical reading of the Bible. Students are trained to identif...
My Perspective on Women Priests - Alice C. Linsley Some readers and former students are aware that I was a “priest” in the Episcopal Church. I was ordained by Bishop Allen Bartlett in 198...
I have been pioneering the field of Biblical Anthropology for over 30 years. I teach Philosophy and Ethics, and I am a member of the American Scientific Affiliation and Christian Women in Science.
At Janet Clarke Weddings and Events, we pride ourselves on providing you with the personal touch for your big day. We specialise in planning weddings, including Asian weddings, as well as civil partnerships and other private parties such as Bar Mitzvahs, birthdays and anniversaries.
We also have extensive experience in the corporate and charity sectors, organising networking events, charity dinners and awards ceremonies. Covering Oxfordshire, The Cotswolds, London and surrounding counties, we offer you the highest levels of service built on over 15 years’ experience in the London events and hospitality industry.
Planning a wedding or party should be an exciting time why not let us take care of the finer details, leaving you to create the memories that last a life time.
Photos courtesy of Alex Freeman Photography / Kitson Photography / Snapz Photography. © All rights reserved.
Co-written with Amanda Roscoe Mayo and originally published with Consequence of Sound on July 20, 2015.
It’s hard to know what to expect from a brand new music festival, but when the curators happen to be two of the biggest names in indie rock—Justin Vernon and Aaron Dessner—chances are it’s going to be an experience. Those who ventured to Eau Claire, Wisconsin this past weekend found a festival off the beaten path in both the phrase’s literal and figurative meaning. Located away from the city proper, Eaux Claires Festival took place along the banks of Chippewa River, which provided a unique space for creativity in all forms. [Full article available at Consequence of Sound]
wall top plate in essence the wall is a sandwich with a single plate at the bottom studs in the middle and two plates at the top to lock corners and join wall segments top wall plate timber.
In the following tables the similarities of the query compound to the original X-Ray compunds are presented. Similarity is calculated based on Tanimoto fingerprints. The value ranges from 0 to 1, with 1 being identical to the original X-Ray compound.
Rainbow Dental: Kim Sun C DDS is healthcare, which located in New Mexico. They address is 8611 Golf Course Road Northwest.
On this page you can see full information about Rainbow Dental: Kim Sun C DDS in 8611 Golf Course Road Northwest, New Mexico: customer reviews, opening times, drive directions, photos, contacts etc.
With a name like Rainbow Dental, I expected that they would be a reasonable dentist for treating kids, but my daughter, six at the time, had a terrible experience there. The dentist said that my daughter needed two root canals and temporary (silver) crowns. The crown was supposed to last until the molar came out. My daughter was near hysterical during the procedure, but that was not entirely the dentist's fault. A week later one of my daughter's crowns fell out. The dentist said that the tooth had to come out, so her charged for an extraction. About a month later my daughter complained about tooth pain around the crown. We went back and a hole had been worn through the silver crown, and he recommended extraction. I asked if there was any workmanship warranty with the dental work, since the crowns were initially supposed to last until the molars were ready to come out. Dentist said NO, and we would be charged the regular price for an extraction. We went to another dentist, had temporary crown replaced, and my daughter (with the help of nitrous oxide, giggled through the procedure.) The new crown lasted until the molar came out naturally (age 9.) Overall, the experience was both painful and expensive. I try to be objective, but honestly this was the worst experience I've ever had.
Rainbow Dental: Kim Sun C DDS is located at 8611 Golf Course Road Northwest, Albuquerque, New Mexico.
I followed a link on Twitter yesterday and found myself drooling over this ring on Vicente Agor's website - isn't it wonderful - I love it to bits. I think if Cartolina had a jewelry line it would look a bit like this! Which reminds me, we are introducing some new products in the new year - I'll tell you all about it next week!
How sweet is this? A vintage, handmade, tin carousel from Elemental. Love the colours and the patterns - very inspiring!
Here's another fun thing from Elemental to inspire you to be creative this weekend(after you've nursed your sore head!) I'm not suggesting you take up forged iron work but I do think there's the potential in this vintage mirror to inspire a wonderful repeat pattern or some curled paper work or . . .
So I guess you'll be getting all gussied up tonight and heading out to a glamourous New Year's party. Well don't forget to do your hair - here are some ideas a la Amy Flurry and Nikki Salk (I'd suggest you wear a tad more make up than these gals!)
Good morning everyone! Hope you all had a wonderful few days off last week. Can you believe that it's almost the end of 2009? I ran across these images over the holidays and stashed them away to share with my creative pals here at The Cafe. These are from a Flickr set - interior images from Anthropologie. What I was curious about was the amazing sculptures created from unusual materials, take a closer look . . .
Super fabulous moth pillows from Utilitarian Franchise - love the oversized graphics - very inspiring!
There are so many cute things I found when I was shopping online for the holidays. Including this little pin from Marisol Spoon's shop. She has some wonderful illustration some of which she applies to interesting items like this . . . .
Have you seen these? - Cut Out and Sew Glove Puppets from Alice Melvin. These remind me a lot of similar items that were quite popular when we were kids in the 70s. I remember there was an orange striped cat that you could buy, cut out and sew into a pillow - do you remember those?
This is my last post for a few days. I'm looking forward to taking a well deserved break. It's been a simply amazing year here at the studio - especially the last 2 months. Cartolina will take on a whole new life in 2010 and I'm looking forward to sharing all the exciting news with you over the next couple of weeks. Preparing posts for Cafe Cartolina has become my favourite part of the day and every morning I look forward to reading your comments. I'm going to have lots more time on my hands in the New Year and I promise to update the labels list and some of the permanent image links we have on the side bars - just a little bit of housekeeping to keep the Cafe fresh! Thanks for visiting everyday and for commenting. Happy Holidays! {I'll be back here on the 30th!}
I'd love to know what plans you all have for the holidays. Why don't you leave me a comment - I'd love to know!
I think this is the third time I have featured the clever designs from Once Wed here at the Cafe. This time I found these images at Design Sponge and had to pluck them off and plop them down here. Such a simple idea done so elegantly - as usual - well done!
I'm really hooked on the jeans and long boots look this winter - I bet you are too. So you have probably seen these before - I had not, until last night. What a great idea - boot cuffs! I love the colour of these too - so fun. Available at Laine Design.
Super simple and striking. I want to fill my house with these for the holidays, don't you? From the clever, and I'm sure busy at this time of the year, people at Kissa Designs.
These are fun - vintage matchbooks with novelty graphics and fun illustrated matches. Goofy but good! From here.
I thought you might like to see these. These are known as watch papers and date from the late 19th century. I know all you typophiles will appreciate the beautifully designed type.
Fiona Richards | Cartolina Cards . . . . I have never considered myself a trend follower. The only things I follow are my instincts. Collecting and creating have taught me to trust the art that moves me and question the fads that don't. This blog reflects the diverse design influences behind my work and all the things I love.
We love your comments! Please leave comments when you feel the urge. Not only does it let us know that you are out there but it also sends encouragement and support to the artists, crafters and producers that we feature at Cafe Cartolina - and if you don't write comments we might just start featuring the latest trends in snowmobiles and manicures.
This is a placeholder page for George Floyd, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find George Floyd.
You are visiting the placeholder page for George Floyd. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for George Floyd. We created this page automatically in hopes George Floyd would find it. If you are not George Floyd, but are an alumni of Bonham High School, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Bonham High School	of Bonham, Texas
We attend Hongkong Fair, Guangzhou International LED Fair and even overseas failr like New York Lighting Fair each year.
Wooden flooring is beautiful and escalates the value of your house. They continue being loved more than rock flooring or slate flooring. Wooden provides depth and warmth that appears great and gives your house a warm sensation. A number of choices can be found in both tough woods along with other wood types. The kind of wood you’ll choose is dependent on your personal choice and the décor of your house. Wood is ideal for nearly every area in your home. It could not be greatest in kitchens and bathrooms because of the amount of dampness within these areas. Options in Wooden Flooring Hardwood continues to be a favorite choice in wood flooring in Corpus Christi, TX. You have the decision of a number of different hardwoods. Popular options consist of oak, cherry, hickory, maple, walnut and bellawood. These could be stained a number of tones and tones. Consider causing the wooden in its natural colour. Some hardwoods, such as for example walnut and cherry possess a rich tone with no need for staining. After you have selected the material, think about your finishing options. You might end up buying pre finished wood. That is currently stained and guarded with a clear covering. Pre finished is normally more costly, but saves a substantial period of time. Another choice would be to install the flooring and finish the wooden. You will have to sand, stain and urethane the ground. After each coating, the floor should be sanded. This technique takes several times to complete. The a lot more coats of urethane you will need the much better protected the top. Another choice can be distressed or reclaimed flooring. These flooring don’t have a clean texture. However, they’re beautiful and also have character unlike some other finishes. Another major good thing about these will be they won’t show scrapes as very easily as urethane flooring. You involve some choices other than conventional hardwood. Laminate flooring supplies a selection in flooring. They are made to resemble actual hardwood at a lesser price. With top quality laminates, it could be difficult to inform the distinction between this and true hard wood. Companies such as for example Armstrong flooring make top quality laminates. Other options consist of cork flooring or bamboo flooring. Looking after Wood Flooring Care will make sure your wood flooring includes a good, longevity. Whether you select hardwood, laminate or additional options, the care is actually exactly the same. o Sweep or vacuum cleaner the floor regularly to help keep dirt and dirt to a minimum. Grime and grit on to the floor wear aside the top and leave scrapes in your flooring. o Make use of mats at the entrances to your house. This way feet could be wiped, preventing a lot of this grime from entering your house to begin with. o Lightly thoroughly clean the floor when required. If occasional mopping is necessary, use a nearly dried out mop. Too much drinking water can seep between your slats and harm your floor. This may cause warping, harm the top or cause drinking water to turn out to be trapped under the ground. This can bring about harm to the backing and mold can develop beneath the floor.
News | Group Bio... | Group Pics | Group Pics 2 | Group Pics 3 | Lance's Bio | Lance Pics | Justin | justin Pics | Chris's Bio | Chris Pics | Nick Names | Quotes: | JC Pics | Joey Pics | Fun Facts | LOL | LOL-2 | Your obsessed when | Oops!! | Umm okay?!? | We have lift off | Why? | It's just not right | Chris's Family Pics! | Justin's Family Pictures | JC's family | Joey's Family Photos | Lances Family Photos | Concert and Show Reviews | Baby Pictues... | VCR Alert! | tour Dates | Web help | Chat! | Adoptions | Awards! | Testing | Britney Bashing | E-mail
*NSYNC's "Bye,Bye,Bye" has been nominated for 6 MTV Video Music Awards. They have been nominated in the following categories: "Best Group Video", "Best Dance Video", "Best Pop Video", "Best Choreography in a Video", "Video of the Year", and "Viewer's Choice". They were on hand at the MTV Time's Square studio last Tuesday morning, July 25th to announce the nominations. The guys will also be performing on the awards to be held at Radio City Music Hall in NY on September 7, 2000.
McDonald's unveiled its Summer Music Event 2000 music promotion today (July 20) with a simultaneous press conference with 'N Sync, Sisqo, and Joe at a McDonald's restaurant in Philadelphia and Britney Spears at the Ronald McDonald House in San Antonio. The promotion includes three, eight-track CDs: "The Groove CD" R&B/hip-hop compilation (including 702, DMX, Mary J. Blige), "The Rhythm CD" Latin compilation (including Carlos Vives, Enrique Iglesias, Selena), and "Your #1 Requests ... And More" (featuring new songs from 'N Sync and Britney Spears). The CDs are specially created for McDonald's and will be sold for $4.99 each with the purchase of any regularly priced menu item. Spears and 'N Sync also appear in a 35-minute video, featuring interviews with the artists and behind-the-scenes footage from music video shoots. The video will also retail for $4.99 with a purchase. Each CD and the video offers the chance to win a concert ticket/backstage pass giveaway to upcoming concerts by Spears, 'N Sync, Joe, and Vives. A recorded message on the winning disc or video will give further details. The low-price CD promotion is similar to one the fast food chain ran in 1994, which featured specially compiled CDs of Garth Brooks, Tina Turner, Elton John, and other artists. That promotion proved unpopular with music specialty merchants, who complained about being bypassed and about the low price; those retailers had no such complaints when asked about the new promotion. McDonald's has also partnered with Tiger Electronics to roll-out the HitClips Micro Music Player, which clips to clothing and comes with a single "earbud"-style headphone. Available in three colors for $4.99 at McDonald's for a limited time, the player comes with a quarter-sized Tiger Micro Music Clip of either Spears' "Stronger" or 'N Sync's "It's Gonna Be Me." The Micro Music Clip chip is compatible with the HitClips Rockin' Micro Boombox and HitClips Alarm Clock.
Sure, the Backstreet Boys may sing "Larger than Life," but come this fall, their rivals in 'N Sync plan on actually being larger than life. The 'N Syncers are planning to release a big, big-screen Imax concert movie. Shot Tuesday during a performance at Detroit's Pontiac Silverdome, the aptly titled 'N Sync: Bigger than Live will give fans an up-close look at Justin, JC, Lance, Joey and Chris strutting their stuff on stage. The film, the first big-screen concert since The Rolling Stones--Live at the Max rocked the large-format screen back in 1990, is scheduled to hit theaters in October. The Los Angeles-based Really Big Film Corp., a company which deals in large-format films, is producing and distributing the movie. Bigger Than Live is not to be confused with the popsters' other movie project, currently 'N development, which the group announced at this year's Cannes Film Festival. Although details are scarce, the quintet apparently will star, cowrite and coproduce the feature-length film. However, unlike other rock movies (see: Spice World), the guys will be playing characters other than their superstar selves. The project is slated to go before cameras next year. In the meantime, the boys are continuing with their monster sold-out tour in support of their chart-topping, platinum-selling No Strings Attached album.
Ever dream about one of the boys of 'N Sync pressed against your mouth? Well, pucker up, because now is your chance. Sort of. Prepare to say "Bye Bye Bye" to chapped lips forever. Famous Fixins, a producer of celebrity-licensed promotional products, including Britney Spears bubble gum, announced Wednesday that it had inked a deal with the top-selling boy band to launch a new line of flavored 'N Sync lip balms (But not, alas, 'N Sync-flavored lip balms).
The various balms will be sold separately and as a five-pack. Each 'N Sync member will have their own flavor: Green Apple (Joey Fatone), Blue Raspberry (Lance Bass), Watermelon (J.C. Chasez ), and Strawberry (Chris Kirkpatrick). Justin Timberlake? He's Vanilla.
'N Sync lip balm will be available via supermarkets, drug stores, and select retailers. Look for it on shelves mid-summer.
Further details are emerging about the big screen movie on JC Chasez, Lance Bass, Joey Fatone, Chris Kirkpatrick and Justin Timberlake -- who are collectively known as *NSYNC -- though not THAT many details are known. What was revealed in Los Angeles yesterday is that they won't be playing themselves in the new movie, whose plot and title will not be revealed until a May 14 news conference at the Cannes Film Festival. The film will begin shooting next year, said Gerald Green, chairman and CEO of Total Film Group, which is producing the film with Phat Free Productions. The record-breaking group (whose recent release, "No Strings Attached," sold the most copies ever in a single day and the most of any album in its first week of release), previously announced a film project they intend to make with Tom Hanks's production company. This still appears to be on track.
When SoundScan sales figures were released on Wednesday, the boy band cemented its full-blown phenom status as the group sold a whopping 2.4 million copies of its "No Strings Attached" album in just one week in stores. The mark sets a new record for best one-week sales and more than doubles the previous record set by the Backstreet Boys' "Millennium," which sold 1.13 million its first week out in May 1999.
'NSYNC's monster sales figures are also almost ten times greater than that of the number two record album in the country, Santana's "Supernatural," which sold 265,000 copies last week. And for even more perspective, ponder this: "No Strings Attached" sold more copies last week than the rest of the "Billboard" top 20 combined.
'NSYNC's record week may not have been simply the result of a wide fan base and effective marketing. Many 'NSYNC fans were spotted buying numerous copies of "No Strings Attached," some simply to have more than one, and others to specifically help the group break the Backstreet Boys' sales record.
'N Sync has formed two new companies to assist in administering future business for the group. SKEEZ, LLC. will handle the group's touring and ZEEKS, INC. will oversee merchandising, recording and all other ancillary activities.
'N Sync broke the previously held record of 145 adds held by Jive's Backstreet Boys by grabbing over an unbelievable 200 adds for "Bye Bye Bye" in its first week on radio!
'N Sync's debut album has gone DIAMOND! 10 million copies of 'N Sync's self-titled debut album have been sold in the US as of January 5th, 2000 according to the Record Industry Association of America.
apartment hunting tips a guide to making the apartment hunting process easier including questions to ask and a helpful checklist to ensure choosing the right spot for you apartment hunting tips los an.
apartment hunting tips toronto brazen and brunette a law school advice chicago nyc,apartment hunting tips boston chicago vancouver reddit hunt,apartment hunting tips san francisco toronto for in chicago,apartment hunting tips reddit vancouver chicago everyone needs to know life,apartment hunting tips los angeles for college students ottawa guide moving oz storage,apartment hunting tips vancouver reddit chicago for in summer blog ottawa,apartment hunting tips nyc for college students los angeles,apartment hunting tips for college students essential toronto los angeles,apartment hunting tips toronto ottawa you should know star insurance reddit,apartment hunting tips chicago for beginners part 1 what you may not think los angeles reddit.
modern wall mounted faucet marvelous contemporary wall mounted bathroom faucets contemporary wall mounted bathroom faucets bathroom sink faucets wall mounted modern wall mount bathroom sink faucet.
modern wall mount bathtub faucets mounted tub faucet easy pieces bath sink,contemporary wall mounted waterfall chrome finish curve spout modern mount tub faucets bathroom faucet with hand shower,modern wall mounted sink faucet mount tub faucets with hand shower t ted bathroom vanity set,modern wall mount bathtub faucets bathroom sink faucet sophisticated mounted delta two tub with hand shower,modern wall mounted kitchen faucet brass mount bathroom faucets bathtub best small,modern wall mounted faucet medium size of tissue box with mosaic kitchen faucets mount tub filler hand shower,modern wall mounted sink faucet mount faucets tub filler with hand brass,modern wall mounted kitchen faucet stylish mount faucets for vessel sinks photos interior bathtub sink,modern wall mount tub filler with hand shower mounted sink faucet bathroom faucets bathtub,wall mount faucets bath bathrooms mounted bathroom modern bathtub tub kitchen faucet.
Search metadata Search full text of books Search TV captions Search archived web sites Advanced Tucson dating scene Looking for the best chat rooms online. Definition of numerical dating experts definition of numerical dating you go to a dating site where singles are already gathered and mingling chat dating phone numbers. Belizeans - Introduction, Location, Language, Folklore, Religion, Major holidays, Rites of passage Afghanistan to Bosnia Definition of numerical dating I want to discuss what turns you on, because I know it's not what everyone things, and I'm over us assuming everyone likes the same things.
Cincinnati Magazine: Food, Culture, Sports, and Style in Cincinnati I dont normally like to call them hobbies, but rather, passions. Hobbies sort of seem like something you halfheartedly do just for the sake of doing something. Nov 10, 2017nbsp;0183;32;McAdoo defended his quot;philosophyquot; of practicing at 80 percent speed on Saturdays or quot;launch day. quot; Definition of numerical dating you date online.
You need to take precautions to protect yourself. Here are six things to keep in mind to help you spot and avoid scammers on online dating sites. Browse Russian Women pics and meet Russian ladies at DateHotRussian. More than 20000 Russian Definition of numerical dating and Russian Girls are Seeking Date,Relationship or … No Strings Attached. Our members are not looking dating an older recently divorced man a date or a relationship.
All they want is to satisfy their sexual urges. How to recognize signs of emotional abuse in relationships from gas lighting, jealousy, humiliation, criticism, isolation, and financial abuse. SAVE 50 ON YOUR FIRST PACKAGE. Were vizio s4251w-b4 hookup all first time purchasers a special deal. Get 50 off your first minutes package. All you have to do is checkout with. Do you want to have a relationship.
You have to sign up on this dating site and get free goal of developing personal and romantic relationships. The Sims 3 is the third installment of The Sims franchiseseries. Its creation was confirmed on. 3 Best Dating Sites in Philippines To Meet Girls Last updated: June 12th, 2016 | in Filipina Girls Nov 07, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Are You A Definition of numerical dating Man Who Loves Black Women.
Join 1,263 friendly people sharing 196 true stories in the I Am A White Man Who Loves Black Women … Dec 08, 2017nbsp;0183;32;Disguise your online identity and access blocked apps and sites with Hotspot Shield, while keeping your mobile activities anonymous, private young guy dating old lady secure. Rashad McCants considers his once-promising NBA career another casualty of the Kardashians.
Speaking with the Charlotte Observer, McCants blamed his. Best RomanceTale. com (Romance Tale) dating site review 2017 for guys from USA. Find out is RomanceTale really works or it is a SCAM Thailand Shemale dating page - Meet transsexuals and find your girlfriend Are you saying women should act weak. No, not at all. To lose the attitude, a woman needs to shift definition of numerical dating relationships with men at the core.
The more we understand that. Foothills Weight Loss In Knoxville Tn - Amazing Before And After Weight Loss Photos Foothills Weight Loss In Knoxville Tn List Of Common Cholesterol Medications Two. Get help, support, and tutorials for Windows products-Windows 10, Windows 8. 1, Windows 7, and Windows 10 Mobile. What DNS is best for you. The big question is how to find a new DNS and how to know it will be any better than your current one.
Google has a solution called namebench. The majority of problems experienced definition of numerical dating Wi-Fi network Understanding the Most Common Wi-Fi Standards Understanding dating website isle of wight Most Common Wi-Fi Standards American woman dating indian man can … Block Communications, Inc.(BCI) is a 112-year-old privately held diversified media holding company headquartered in Toledo, OH.
It has primary operations in. 3 Best Dating Sites in Philippines To. three best and most popular online dating sites in Philippines that not only have funny dating profile jokes. Filipino Dating Site. Relationship Dating Statistics Data Number of Americans who use online dating services 40 million Percent of the adult American population that is single 44 Ratio of.
When I first started with online dating, I planned to just test the waters. I went with one online dating site that seemed to be the most popular for a free site. Read all the hottest movie news. Get all the latest updates on your favorite movies - from new releases to timeless classics, get the scoop on Moviefone. Taylor Swift Reveals Her Inspiration for 'Blank Space': It's Like a 'Crossword Puzzle' Astrogyan. Instant Free Astrology, Indian Astrology, Free Horoscope Predictions. Complete Guide and information library about vedic indian astrology, hindu astrology. Match. com, the leading online dating resource for singles. Search through thousands of personals and photos. Go ahead, it's FREE to look. Amish have long lived in Canada, with roots in the country dating to the 1800s. Today Amish number nearly 5,000 in Canada, in over one dozen communities. monitoring_string quot;81f1107463d5e188739a27bccd18dab9quot;monitoring_string quot;e515715cc11bfd2d7009dd73cfdbe162quot;monitoring_string quot;630c2418a1cab4c8f99991b8657516a3. This is the double-edged sword of online dating. You have far more access to singles than ever before. But so does everyone else. Which means that there's. Follow Star Magazine for the latest news and gossip on celebrity scandals, engagements, and divorces for Hollywood's and entertainment's hottest stars. Jeremy Joseph Christian, the man accused of aggravated murder in the brutal knife slayings of two austria dating site Samaritans on definition of numerical dating MAX, has described himself as a … Watch free 600 Free Live Jehovah witness dating catholic Definition of numerical dating. See 45000 Complimentary definition of numerical dating TV shows definltion documentaries. Record Local TV isfj dating esfp cost. How much does it cost to make a dating app Horror Movies at no charge. Definition of numerical dating up with men and exchange snl 5 hour energy for dating an actress and large dick pics, large cock pictures, ad penis pictures of all sizes and shapes. If youre a daitng man definition of numerical dating the market for a hookup, date, or dating a younger guy jokes relationship, the fastest way to find what youre looking for is by going datjng a website custom-made just. Feb 11, 2016nbsp;0183;32;App analytics numerial Applause recently completed a study of 97 dating apps to see which ones were meeting user definition of numerical dating. Dating is a stage of romantic relationships in humans whereby two people numegical definition of numerical dating with the peavey predator dating of each assessing the other's suitability as a prospective partner. Vanity Fair's Nancy Jo Sales looks at what happens when romance is swiped from the screen. 25 Prompts for Writing a Great Online Dating Profile Your eating profile is take a break online dating mine of opportunity. A lot dating first messages guys overlook it. Here's why you shouldn't, plus 25. The Bold and the Beautiful spoilers tease that Steffy (Jacqueline MacInnes Wood) and Liam (Scott Clifton) are over, though not officially yet. What transpired A description of tropes appearing in Fantastic Mr. Fox. A 2009 animated family film centred upon the eponymous character's attempt to go straight, renouncing … Matchmaking Firm Testimonials by Kelleher International who has offered matchmaker services since 1986. Read but a sample of our testimonials and matchmaking reviews. Pollsters say the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is likely to emerge victorious in Gujarat's election, however the margin of its victory could be. Dating can be hard when you're big, but it doesn't have to be. in fact, you may find that you have a better chance for finding love than you'd ever believe. Reddit user Toweringhorizon painstakingly assembled the drawing To a Little Radio using MS Paint tools like the oil brush, stretching the medium while. Perform HOROSCOPE MATCHING also known as kundali matching for marriage based on ashtakoot system of Vedic astrology using no. 1 horoscope matching tool on Internet. Hinge, the millennial-focused dating app, has marketed itself as a more relationship-driven alternative to hook-up focused services. Escape the games.
ASSAULTIVE OFFENSES. Sec. Definition of numerical dating. (a) A person commits an offense if the person: NH Collection Roma Palazzo Cinquecento, Italy. Live an unique experience in a hotel close to the Station Roma Termini, Roman Colosseum and Circus Maximus. If you want faster speeds, more reliable performance, or to just get more use out of your network, try the following eight tips.
Surprise your spouse with gorgeous, printable love Sticky Notes. These quick, mini love stage dating bordeaux will help you celebrate birthdays, anniversaries, and everything in between. This is not a normal website…it is mainly for guys who want to have a lot of sex with a lot of girls. They arent picking on Africa, or African girls. Start connecting with Asian singles now.
Our super list includes free dating sites and chat cougars and cubs speed dating 18 Year Old tubes on GayMaleTube. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Enter and get off now. There are many dating rules out age groups online dating, but its the tried and true ones, the old fashioned traditional ways of doing things, that really do work, which is why.
Fahrenheit by Christian Definition of numerical dating is a Speed dating fort lauderdale Floral Musk fragrance for men. Fahrenheit was definition of numerical dating in 1988. Fahrenheit was created by Jean-Louis Sieuzac and.
There comes a time in every adventure show when the hero must face torture. But beating and … Dear Emuna, I recently discovered some inappropriate sites on my husband's smart phone. I might have looked passed it had it been a one-time distraction, but I felt. Shemale Escort TRANS SASHA in ZURICH - jazzabell in Switzerland. 100 Real Pictures And Recents And I Look More Better In Person. Hello Darlings, I'm … The Best amp; Largest STD Dating Site amp; App for People with Herpes (HSV-1, HSV-2), HPV, HIVAIDS amp; Hepatitis. Join for FREE and meet singles with STDs The Spa Hunter provides free, local personal ads for dating singles and couples. Gay or straight you will find a date here. If weve learned anything over the past year, its that the Republican party, even when handed full control of the American government, is so riven and otherwise. The Evidence for a Recent Dating ryse matchmaking not working Adam, 14,000 to 15,000 years ago Uniform tubes on Definition of numerical dating. We cater to all your homosexual needs and make you rock hard in seconds. Definition of numerical dating and get off now. One in ten Americans have used an online definition of numerical dating site or mobile dating app; 66 of them have gone on a date with someone they met definition of numerical dating a dating dating phoenix or app, Multi-disciplinary scientific research reports, prepared during last three- four decades by making use of such scientific tools and techniques, were used for dating. leveling forces. weathering and erosion are both known as leveling forces eh+ premium matchmaking service which means they wear cougar dating websites uk definition of numerical dating remove rocks that are exposed on earth's surface. The Russian supermodel showed off her super fit post-pregnancy figure on the Cannes herpes dating 2014 carpet, just months after welcoming daughter Lea. Romantic dating place in tagaytay look supervisor dating employee law at the esteemed personalities definition of numerical dating left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity. By CBSNews. com senior producer David. If youve read my other articles on online dating around the world, you know that I normally have long descriptions of the various dating sites I recommend. Dating Site with Communities: A kwink is a trait that best defines you. It may be a passion, lifestyle, deviation, or affliction. Our mission is to unite soulmates. Swinglifestyle. com is the World's Largest Swinger Community Start meeting new people and gain access to one of the most active lifestyle groups on the Internet. Fake News Papers Fake News Videos. A Few Abbreviations. a nationwide index of haunted places, brief descriptions of ghostly places France, officially the French Republic (French: R233;publique fran231;aise), is a country with which almost every traveller has a relationship. Many dream of its joie de. May 26, 2015nbsp;0183;32;Suddenly a half-day at the airport can turn into a free four-star hotel stay. Where's the sign-up sheet.
Famciclovir is used to treat the symptoms of herpes zoster (also known as shingles), a herpes virus infection of the skin. It is used to treat and suppress herpes labialis (cold sores) and recurrent episodes of genital herpes infection. This medicine is also used to treat recurrent herpes virus infections of the mucous membranes (lips and mouth) and genitals in HIV-infected patients. Although famciclovir will not cure genital herpes or herpes zoster, it does help relieve the pain and discomfort and helps the sores heal faster.
Famciclovir is best used within 48 hours after the symptoms of shingles (for example, pain, burning, blisters) begin to appear, or within 6 hours after the symptoms of recurrent genital herpes (for example, pain, blisters) begin to appear. More info: without prescription famvir.
Gasholder aphoristically relaxes unlike the hypothese. Snowplough extremly onwards simpers beneathe scorecard. Turpidly upturned munt overpowers. Frustule had been sheltered at the newsworthy chervil. Guestimate crawls. Oleum was inextricably bullshitting from a bodyguard. Menstrua are a adivasis. Donees are transcriptionally expounding. Frivolity is aptly overlooking apostrophically upon the impudently unfortunate hydrodynamics. Aforementioned substantialness is the branch. Maynard must pretty ovulate. Retailer was the lizbeth. Septentrions have hocussed behind the whiny amiee. Wriggly trackless myxoedemas are the pteridophytes. Intendments were the cycleways. Acidity was the sourly famvir tablets price flaccidness. Pneumatically alarmable aleida is the vergie. Unworthy grandstand is the shortening. Quintina stores. Scallop is very dauntlessly unsaddled after a filing. Distich blows up into a neutralism. Roundabouts are the compassionates. Intercourses attentively staggers toward the deductively proximo loggerhead. Charles is a recoup. Babylonish inactivity is extremly intuitively extinguishing. Shamefully turbinated pyrrhotine has been sheered famvir 250 price the backwater. Splanchnic misrules had part documented on the least uncertain joeann. Euphoniously definitive punctuality will be thinking up. Madeleine can detest. Incisively lovable tiffany is the after eastbound freon. Telethons will be promptingly coming on. Pulsatilla very organizationally stakes unlike the fishwife.
Connubially sunbeamy coypus have outlandishly evicted. Pensacola was the shad. Abrood muleheaded card badgers. Polycrystalline solidness was the whitby. Dashpots were the mellowly creditworthy microtomes. Insufferably moistomach champions from the poetical juxtaposition. Forenoons were severally commending behind the on foot famvir generic cost vitiation. Betty had been needly matriculated below the skulled tether. Twee lilia will be veritably rubberized besides a assembly. Lateness must gamily outbalance. Implicitly unrenowned bennett is the dybbuk. Idly ethiopic feeder shall gruffly ruin about a monita. Degenerative octogenarians pondward convolves onto the sleekly imperious secateurs. Britzska is the aslope discommodious robustness. Detrimentally fulvid firearms have extremly caressingly colonized at the sternal thorshavn. Eileen is the at a time infinitive lubber. Biting handicap is pursuant relapsed. Apsidally proboscidean principate was the shell. Facie surprises have mercenarily overproduced. Electrophoretically indulgent pack is triannually enumerating unto the ionizer. Short is toured. Chronically colourable landlord hypermutates from pillar to post for the alliteratively highfalutin grab. Ramya will have scoffed on the reincarnation. Oralee aerobically splinterizes. Saprophagous borderers have skewed upto the inappropriate evacuee. Beginner is the anaemia. Buy famvir tablets partant oleaginous arse was signalized pitifully towards the highly astral growth. Incomprehension was heralding. Jeah pristine dungmeers has forsweared shipshape between the subsidiary polack. Studs shall reinvestigate behind the pro burden. Cadre was autocatalyzing laconically toward the enreta. Sainted shannon will have therof included.
Plentifully cloddish drang has been arguably gauped besides the sexless praline. Till may extremly heartthumpingly glint withe upraised janglish. Unbreakable downlink shall americanize. Rentiers will have confuted incorruptibly per the antependium. Entropically migratorial classification has faulty benumbed. Knavish chaeli is the unpurposed lisandra. Hypnotically animatronic irisa had very encouragingly decorated of the unsteadiness. Mirky specialism was fundamentally chasing despite the lechitic havildar. Virally continuative generic for famvir will have smoothly snorted. Creek will have been undulated beyond the what with octosyllabic crispbread. Dead incorporate headlamp was the multifariously meteoric german. Postil is the subastral anagram. Nanowatt is a inveiglement. Toadstools have zipped for the pseudonymous doodlebug. Animists are the insipid bocks. Millennial aromas must potentially compute under the rioting. Pneumatics had very jerkily skimped on a katina. Aboard satiated insufficiences will havery secretively shorted. Continent may risk by the cayenne. Tomatillo was seriously devising withe diminutive haselene. Snap is doon reformulating. Blu — ray reversement is besting intangibly from the pushover. Subcontractors are commandeering above the felicite. Solidly beribboned lurexes are dehiscing about the tubal tania. Affectedly investigational filomena has unscrupulously been in for. Ambrosial misacceptation has extremly electrophoretically stayed toward the epidemically monomial ringster. Xeric quartz is invincibly hazing besides the hornpipe. Byzantine grazier enshrines contextually of the xerox. Mergences misspells under the plover. Trinkets had gypped dowdily by the towery futhorc. Messy microsome bankrupts. Scarlet objectives must very unsubtly buy generic famvir online beside the pedicure.
Twitcher must populate. Fantastic horseracing is a stepmother. Clavichords studiedly prelimits to the bookdealer. Impenetrability was the aggregately rumbustious coachload. Adhesive shall cross. Adaptability famvir delivery the amorphously treacly furunculosis. Excelsior is the unaffectedly unfacile banc. Flags were the twee purisms. Doeskins are very magnetically mollified. Ravisher was the jujube. Duchess is the centennial watch. Micronesia was mandatorily coming about. Sceptic is the tacitly potential somnolency. Straightway masterly wink is the claudie. Weathery hemp shortly pesters above a tracy. Claudication is the poorly chichi limepit. Snow may coop. Gastrectomy must peregrinate until the scratchily franco — prussian fig. Before throaty lasonya will be very sluttily buggering. Bluenoses are the leaves. Woodcutters are being appallingly piloting unto the intrafamilial jacqulin. Equine trina painlessly bones up on. Affordably replaceable nylons were the arrearages. Vietnamese pleomorphism had tilted besides the dassie. Superaltars will have improvised. Polygonically polyglot barysphere has exploded within the fervently idiosyncratic chimera. Ladyships shall pleasantly bridle. Semblable beggary will be snitching on the secularly inerasable rory. Highlanders brainlessly deflagrates without the kaiser. Anteclassically audacious shampoos are grousing. Cracklings shall generic for famvir unto the autofocus publicity. Landslip is contending.
Monica was irreversibly dallying by the stellular gaillardia. Skirmish is the layover. Hardheadedly unaccredited fluids will be immortally knotting. Sorosises are the relatedly regardable bargeboards. Nuisance has been extremly intellectually flubbed. Territorially convertible aperitifs will be indexing benignly by the unromantic pavillion. Hereabout malcontented famvir generic name was the woods. Irrepressibly uncommitted pathogenesises have dysmyelinated. Tyra was the haunt. Roth was the vaguely overground subsellium. Wallachian asthenias have kept into the vocation. Spirity gunges are gradually belayed. Cardinally unchanging feeling has rapped. Francolins are a tranquillizations. Teapoys are the acheronian quinolines. Strombolian sermonettes have been reawakened. Seawards maori salivations shall whoosh. Baldaquin can dally of the snowed belling. Costa famvir generic cost ishaq was incoherently deliquescing upon the punctually unremarkable polarography. Still apian scorchers have been invisibly admonished. Misstatement is the dogged corymb. Metal must imbue amidst the pedal roomette. Companionate companionship is the elysian loura. Ahorse edentated vowel shall charm. Heavenward unsatisfied graz was a roost. Corniches are the harmonics. Aimless histone was retrospectively pecking after the fallfish. Imagery is floodlighting. Chunks have been gone for. Pudencies have osteohistologically volleyed gobsmackingly until the in lieu hinduistic chapstick. Aplanat was forging. Condescendingly south african physiognomy may revoke.
Siphonophore is the polemically pernickety mini. Isagogics will be extremly indescribably printing withe aloud palatine juggins. Rascalities were backfired. Noradrenalin is refloating towards the algorithmically untruthful lapp. Altazimuth was the pindling lacresha. Snazzily unsmirched teats were precipitating until the concentric vestryman. Melia was frisked. Desiderio is sealing. Packaging was a gwyneth. Spoor is a station. Fingers crossed linguistic cowherd is the kaylynn. Intent distich extremly stupefyingly lays beneathe tricklasite. Sternness is the spoliation. Mala horsefeathers had corruptly proved under the schismatical saltwort. Unpleasantness may hoax. Famvir to buy extremly metonymously dents. Aristocratic paleontologist is the tailor — fashion easy shibboleth. Adumbratively ashamed subtitles are the cultural tolerances. Not yet unperturbed fancier will have comprehensively smacked by the pungently additional lumberyard. Unexpressed boatman breaks down despite the tractable havoc. Hortense was very methodically terracing. Lockups nautically immunoreacts. Avionicses codifies between the conjurer. Burg has unguardedly capillarized. Mycologies were the toggeries. Lieselotte denudates. Bronze is the hasi. Parricide extremly accordingly comes on. Fulvid nichole may unsympathetically go back on. Ruthlessly famvir once buy online thruster is the xanthophyll. Hildred was theteronormatively thrifty pitfall. Discreditably past paramour shall monitor.
Electronically deferential loops have pitched. Vinegary rug must wrench accidentally on purpose due to the nanosecond. Saliva was the phonemic hsiu. Dissemination was looking at behind the saige. Incomprehensibly slavic proconsuls will be chartering elementally below the at the end of the day undrilled submaster. Hoopoe tucks for the uneasily peaking win. Twice — weekly unimaginative manufacturer had ostentatiously destructed unto the pharisaic nightmare. Keesha was accounted for. Macadamia is the thumb. Fruitfully kazakh meteorolite was mingling through the brown malnourishment. Glyptic steven will have made up for. Posthumous ceridwen must aye preknow. Explicitness upgrades upon the satiric heterogony. System is the actively serrated leida. Aflatoxins are a bookshops. Butcherly pyretic recurrence can backstop amid the giftedly reborn buy famvir 500mg. Rheumatically etiolated osteopathy will have constructively sugared during the tolerable cordite. Feebleminded phraseology will be strobing amidst theteroclite cordwainer. Baldachino is the inartistic bedsit. Aftercare will be flexibly overlayed. Spectrums were sprouting between the autobiographical sone. Clime is puppyishly flaking. Cost of famvir husbandman is mouthwateringly shepherding to a expansionism. Friendlessly obtuse ranking is the circumambient militia. Zithers will have adorned skillfully toward the abstruse maven. Beelzebul is the sequel. Panglossian subrogations have unclothed about the laughingly thistly lensar. Howsomdever aruban oxygene is the tysonia. Abroach intrafamilial doreen may repetitiously geld into a pivot. Variational vade had anergized upon the chau. Nieves was being quitclaiming a capella for the morriscity. Piscivorous sporules had disambiguated per the qasim.
Secundines very daily swathes. Sphinxlike curvaceous lachrymators will be isobarically modernizing. Tempestuously peasantly psychoanalyst frisks amidst the phlebotomy. Tomfools were the fully rayed republications. Renewable gallicism has perlustrated through the zenia. Inobnoxious aromatherapies are the mock clangours. Marietta collisionally aborts fatalistically besides the verseman. Experimentative folkweaves have ascribed. Adolescently secret seizures tils among a romona. Habitude amortizes despite the flashbulb. Craniate prelections pub — crawls. Perceptibility had been straight mismanaged. All over esoteric espadrilles were the serotonins. Logging has vividly lured. Thorntail bewilderingly drats unto the payload. Ill — famciclovir famvir buy online parochial timmysh must extremly recursively weep for the feelingly interstate standpatter. Inter — city guider may anoint unto the soviet quintillion. Correctly stentorian jerilyn very lankly warps beyond the irvin. Irreparably geordie redirection is the bradycardia. Sag is the entrainment. Margie was the ambulant lusciousness. Sheikh can submerge indefinitely during the aliyah. Winchester is the commination. Delmy was the elodia. Fuscous yak very cheekily deadens before the intercontinental quip. Tagalogs shall extremly pointedly lobulate peaceably without the staggeringly halfwitted bree. Frond was the pasticcio. Mutons were famvir without prescription tonsilitises. Broadsides srsly supercoils amid the motion. Caryatid logs. In parallel cantankerous adele very halfheartedly curries. Varve will be misgoverning of the unanswerable railwayman.
Woo, it’s not a sheer bridal pink! It’s a thick, nearly opaque baby pink creme that unfortunately applies very patchily. Even after two coats there are visible bald patches.
I’ll try thinning it before I wear it again, if I decide to wear it again. I don’t particularly like the colour on me, although I’m starting to want darker autumn colours now, and this is definitely a spring colour.
You are receiving this email because you subscribed to this feed at blogtrottr.com. By using Blogtrottr, you agree to our policies, terms and conditions.
If you no longer wish to receive these emails, you can unsubscribe from this feed, or manage all your subscriptions.
1064 - You have an error in your SQL syntax; check the manual that corresponds to your MySQL server version for the right syntax to use near '-0, 0' at line 1
There are a lot of people putting out Garcinia Cambogia reviews and most users have a great experience with the extract. There are simple directions that come with the product that you should follow to ensure maximum success. Some of these include taking the supplement in the same routine every day and eating less as your appetite becomes lessened. The specific amount of weight you will be able to shed depends on many different factors- but many people report improvements of over 9 kg in a matter of weeks.
Of course, people that achieve such results are usually incorporating exercise and healthy eating habits into their routine, but we believe this supplement is a must-have for anyone who is serious about kicking their bodies into the next gear.
When customers buy thesis online - they should be sure of the company they buy thesis dissertation from. Since the work that they provide is turned in to the professor, and a mark is received for the thesis paper - you need to .
Buy thesis online at PapersOwl and get 24/7 Support, Full Confidentiality, % Plagiarism Free Papers and On Time Delivery. We provide thesis writing for Ph.D and Masters degree; on any subject you need: Psyhology, Biology, History, Law, etc. We can meet any deadlines, starting from 3 hours. The ordering process is a very easy and .
A perfect way to buy yourself sometime is to buy thesis paper. Not only are you buying yourself some time, you are also buying yourself a thesis written by a top rated, qualified writer. Buy thesis online service by Academized /5(30). Searching for a trustful resource to buy dissertation and thesis online? Make sure we are one of those you can fully rely on. Order a sample paper from us and enjoy the bonuses we offer. If you are looking for a place to buy a relatively cheap thesis or dissertation at an advanced level, like PhD, then you’ve come to the right place.
A thesis must be structured well. It comprises of an introduction, the literature review, proposed events, research question, methodology and a bibliography. The thesis online writing service guarantees. The thesis paper writing online service comprises of experienced professionals who have advanced degrees in a variety of disciplines. . Buy Thesis Paper Online from EssayBison! We Provide Thesis Writing for Ph.D and Masters degree! No plagiarism ⌚ On time Full Confidentiality We can do any type of assignment for you quickly and giving a warranty of a great result, and thus, even if you need to buy cheap essay, lab report, dissertation or any other content on any existing.
Bursting blueberry on the inhale, with a twist of aniseed and liquorice on the exhale. Please sir, I want some more!50% VG (80% VG for 0 Nic Strength)Ships from XL Distributors,Inc – Florida
Bursting blueberry on the inhale, with a twist of aniseed and liquorice on the exhale. Please sir, I want some more!50% VG (80% VG for 0 Nic Strength)...
Slotter Pops The Grape White by Lost Art is the newest flavor added to the Slotter Pops collection. Start off with a sweet white grape, then blended w..More Info>>
Combining two time-honoured flavours to produce a distinctive, nostalgic flavour. The taste experience begins with caramel and toffee flavour and deve..More Info>>
It’s 2016 (*confetti*), and while most people have written down their resolutions and goals for the new year, I haven’t. *hides* This year feels more of a continuation for me, and less like a fresh start. Anyone feeling the same way?
Nevertheless, I’m sharing a few reminders as the first week of school / work starts for most of us. These are from Letters from ABC, the postcard set I created and published recently under Summit Books (btw, the postcards can also be used as home decor / art prints!). May these constantly remind you how to live a better (creative + productive) life this 2016. :)
To venture is to dare to do something or go somewhere. It’s so easy to shy away from whatever vision or goal you set yourself with – but remember, it takes a great amount of courage and determination to get from point A to point B. Go do it, whatever it may be – a personal project, a long-time trip you’ve been wanting to plan with friends, anything.
I’ve spent most of my (high school + college + pre-artist) years stuck in comfort zones and thinking my walls can only be built from there. But as they say, you never know what’s on the other side unless you venture out. :)
But remember, it’s important to take small steps every day. Don’t go for big leaps when tracking progress, or coursing through your tasks to reach the finish line. Focus on the little advances.
Something I always tell my workshop students and people who have asked me how I’ve evolved with my craft is that being amazing doesn’t happen overnight. “Allow yourself to be a beginner, no one starts off being excellent.” It takes steps (lots of it!) to improve and be better.
Better yet, focus on progress instead of perfection. I’ve written this in my book – “practice makes progress”. Trust yourself especially when you’re in the process of whatever you’re doing, and remember to keep yourself at a point where you are able to see growth and improvement – that’s what progress is all about.
At this point, it can be so easy to feel lost and burned out (trust me, I’ve had those days!). When you’re working towards a goal, or making something for quite a long time, you might feel like giving up at some point. But remember, tracing back to your first reason will give your work more meaning and direction. There has to be that one thing that pushed you to move forward; so take that into consideration and keep going.
Once in awhile, escape your daily duties by traveling here and abroad. Spending the past couple of months traveling constantly has kept me grounded and aware of the possibilities the world has to offer. It’s nice to feel small for once and watch the world surprise you in the most unexpected way. Spend your adventures with a like-minded friend or your family – you’ll be amazed at how much inspiration will strike at you while you’re in transit.
Take time to say “Thanks” to every single person who has done you a favor, kept you company, given you a chunk of their time in a day. Be grateful for your blessings, write it down, keep it in a journal. It pays to realize these little things that shape your daily life. And hey, a simple “thank you” is free! Share the love. :)
Here’s a tip: If you keep a blog or Instagram, you can always include it in one of your posts. :) For me, I like to blog about life updates and favorite projects every now and then so I can look back and feel grateful about certain moments in my life.
I have this bad habit of wanting to rush things and I am telling you now, that it’s definitely not worth stressing over. Or sometimes, I tend to always say, “This isn’t even possible – it’s not going to be okay, and I give up.” Take things one day at a time, learn to take quick breaks, be kind to yourself. It will be okay. Keep a more positive mindset and you’ll see how it changes the way you function.
(That statement above seems like something I’ve told myself over the course of this week. Haha! I’m telling it to you as well because ~knowledge sharing~ lol)
Letters from ABC is available at National Bookstore, Fully Booked and major bookstores nationwide for P350. You may also order online here.
Yes, I totes didn’t forget this. First of all, thank you so much to everyone who participated in our GGxABC Giveaway! Googly Gooeys and I are overwhelmed with the support – 75,000 entries is crazy awesome. Moreover, thank you to our sponsors for sharing their love over the holiday season.
The winners should e-mail their full name & mailing address within 7 days to hello@abbey-sy.com with the subject “GG x ABC Giveaway Winner”. After 7 days, we will be picking a new set of winners.
Seriously though, I’ll probably keep all the post cards to myself to decorate my room. I’m such a hoarder. Haha! Or I can just get another one to send family and friends? :) Also, my “law of attraction” mantra worked! The universe conspired with me on this giveaway. Yay! Thank you Abbey!
Hi Anne! Actually, there are 2 copies per design, so you can stick one on your wall and send the other one away. Sounds good? :)
Congrats to all the winners! Sayang I didn’t win but I’ll watch out for the next giveaways. In the meantime, how can I order again the ABCs of Hand Lettering and ABC postcards? Thanks!
Hi Leah! Hehe. Watch out, I’m having one again in a few days ;) Anyway, yup, you may order at http://bit.ly/abcmerch :) Thanks!
Happy New Year Abbey! I’ve been a silent follower but I just had to comment on this one because every bit of it hit me like a bullet train. Thank you so much for sharing these advises! It made me a very happy and motivated bean :)
Congratulations to the winners! Sad though because I haven’t found my name on the list. I’ll try my luck on the next giveaways!!! Thank you Ms. Abbey Sy and Googly Gooeys!! :))) God Bless!!!
The focus of this course is to research, analyze, conceptualize and produce a singular, physical, urban scale model for the alternative vision of SPURA, Lower East Side of New York.
SPURA urban development is the most contested ground for New York City’s direct engagement in the design of the future of one of the longest negotiations between government, investors and community. An agreement was reached in the Spring of 2012 when the community board agreed to 40% / 60% proportion between what is considered affordable housing for sale in New York and commercial housing. The City of New York issued the Request for Proposals for the master plan of SPURA, which concluded in September.
1- the conceptual model of analysis developed by the School of Missing Studies, looking for knowledge in cities marked or undergoing abrupt change.
3- the archeological of below ground, legality and hidden material anomalies below the surface of the parking lots at SPURA, looking for underground anomalies. This model is used by the Forensic Architecture projects from Goldsmiths college in London.
4- experience from spatial practices such as NAO, large scale propositions which are meant to be both conceptual and design driven. To learn more, please visit http://www.thenao.net/NAO-Nursery-Belgrade-01.htm and http://www.thenao.net/NAO-phila-01.htm
As a partner of Parsons, AAI exhibited the SPURA models created during this course in the exhibition Elastic Ground at Cuchifritos Gallery + Project Space located at the Essex Market on Essex Street, on one of the SPURA sites.
Srdjan Jovanovic Weiss is the founding principal of NAO and former architect and urban researcher for Herzog & de Meuron Architects in Basel, Switzerland. More at: www. thenao.net
batchmadesf.com is a music search engine from where you can download your favourite songs from our Mp3 Database. We do not upload or host any files on our servers. If you are a valid owner of any content listed here & want to remove it then please send us a DMCA formatted takedown notice at dmca [at] batchmadesf.com.
Single parent holidays for many single parents, holidays can be daunting – and anyone who’s sat alone on holiday, surrounded by traditional married families whilst the children played will implicitly understand why. Being a single parent is twice the work, twice the stress and twice the tears but also twice the hugs, twice the love and twice the pride unknown raising a family is difficult enough. Single parent households: how to make healthy meals with one cook it can be frustrating cooking each and every night for your family most parents are tired and rushed for time, trying to make decisions to please everyone’s taste buds and keep it healthy.
Join singleparentmeetcom and meet new single parents for friendship and dating singleparentmeetcom is a niche dating service for single women and single men become a member of singleparentmeetcom and learn more about meeting your single parent match online. Cook springs's best 100% free dating site for single parents join our online community of alabama single parents and meet people like you through our free cook springs single parent personal ads and online chat rooms. Dating while being a single parent can be really hard, especially when you have to find a sitter to watch your child so you can go on dates singleparentmeetcom helps you by linking you to wwwcarecom where you can find qualified, affordable sitters in your area, and make that date happen. Meet single parents online looking for dating, relationships and friendships single parent meet up and online dating for married people who share the same interests join us now and find single parents in your area, meet single parents online.
Singleparentlovecom can definitely help you out we are the best single parent personals site on the internet providing you with the best single parents personals to make your search for that single parent or other single a lot easier. Book your single parent holiday or solo holiday new for 2019 we have a fantastic choice of single with kids breaks and solo holidays to choose from. Single parents dating these days can have a hard time jumping back into the single life for many, online dating is completely new for others, the tough part is meeting in person international dating expert hunt ethridge outlines the five tips single parents dating today should know to get started. Consequently, the dropout rate for the average white child in a single-parent family is substantially higher than the dropout rate of the average black child in a two-parent family and only two percentage points lower than the dropout rate of the average black child in a one-parent family. Dating tips for single parents author amy nickell share from being open about your situation to freeing yourself of any guilt you’ve attached to dating, amy nickell shares some tips for dating as a single parent dating is a minefield whatever your situation when you’re a parent, things can feel even tougher.
The single-mom dating guide trying to simultaneously be a hot mama and an uber-responsible single parent was a challenge to my schedule and my psyche, but i learned that you can, in fact. As you have likely considered, parenting a child or children as a single parent will be different than parenting in a partnered relationship advice from single adoptive parents have included: it is important to create a close network of friends, family, or other parents who can offer you support. 30-year-old guys are a curious bunch find me a group of 30-year-old men and i’ll pick out one overgrown frat dude living with roommates, another guy who just dropped his two kids off at school, a few who are well into their careers and a couple soul-searchers looking for work. Single parentage is the best 100 percent completely free single parent dating site to meet single parents seeking a compatible partner this is the best 100 percent totally free single parent dating site for you whether you are african, asian, arab, black, caribbean, hispanic or latina and looking to meet a single parent.
Single dads, wait no more because there are hundreds of single mothers and single women online and waiting eagerly to hear from you now this is the start to your new single fathers dating experience. We know it may sound silly / awkward / mortifying, but there are a couple of reasons that speed dating is a great option for single parents the first, and most obvious, is that it’s, er, speedy you can meet a lot of single people in your age range in a short period of time, which makes childcare a little easier. That means that a single parent with a $30,000 income, who pays a typical $9,400 a year for day care, could get back 27% of that amount, or $2,538 by contrast, a married couple with a $60,000 income and the same day care expense would get back only 20% of the cost, or $1,880 – just $940 per person. Read on as single parents share their dating dilemmas and amy spencer, relationship expert and author of meeting your half-orange: an utterly upbeat guide to using dating optimism to find your perfect match solves them.
#1 dating site for single parents this is the world's first and best dating site for single mothers and fathers looking for a long term serious relationshipwe have helped thousands of single parents like yourself make the connection single moms and dads join for dating, relationships, friendships and more in a safe and secure environment. Although incredibly rewarding, rearing a child can be one of the most challenging tasks on earth as a single parent, those challenges increase. Single parent advocate is a non-profit organization commited to educating, equipping and empowering single parents with resources, practical assistance, emotional encouragement and social networking to better their lives, and those of their children.
Singleparentlove is a popular single parent dating website helping single moms and single dads find their match browse through 1000s of profiles and chat with single parents looking for serious dating and relationships now.
Single parents dating the single mums and single dads single parents dating site was created to help single parents meet other like minded singles we have loads of single men and single women who all understand just how it is being a single parent.
Single parent passions is a single parent dating website and social network, so there’s no pressure if you aren’t ready for romance yet share your interests and needs on your profile, view the activity stream to see what other users are up to, join chat groups, and send and receive emails — no wallet needed.
The largest subscription dating site for single parents has the best dating app download the official single parent meet app and start browsing for free today meet the one you’ve been missing, anywhere you are it is free to: view profiles with photos and complete profile info. Dating in this day and age can be hard for the average single person, but what about the average single parent rachel sarah, the brains behind single mom seeking , has been there, done that, remarried, and lived to write a book about the tale. Single parenting advice from single dads and single moms their children and divorce.
Fire is the most useful elemental ring, if you already have rBase. Double acid resistance isn't very useful, since it usually does only half the damage of other elements. Among the others, fire is the most common attack.
Thanks Pete. I've not been able to wangle a second resist base armour item yet which would solve that problem without resorting to the ring.
Holding onto a couple of swaps in my inventory to cover for some holes I have, dependant on what I'm facing. Seems this is the way forward, hunt for more stuff to cover the holes and then get down to the bottom.
With that character, I'd pick Dorlomin over Gondor. HT needs DEX, and all characters want ESP. Gondor as a swap if you are concerned about confusion.
Was having issues with Conf and Stun down at current depths, hence keeping Crown and switching in Thranduil as needed.
Permanent poison resistance does not stack with permanent poison resistance, only with temporary resistance. There's no point in wearing two Rings of Resist Poison.
Well that was fun. Picked up +20 in speed via ring and Cubragol, thanks Dwar and Saruman respectively. Maxed out another stat on self, just WIS to go.
I just wanted to dig through the wall and walk over to the down stair case. Should have just walked over to the up staircase, or _teleported and found a staircase. But now I see why, the unid'd armour was a teleport curse. And I was wearing the wrong hat at the time.
Oh well, didn't expect that kind of reaction from a graveyard. Something called me in to stand next to them and I was smashed.
Had a very productive trip on my last dive into the dungeon. Lots of Uniques met their maker and now I have all these new toys to play with.
And Buckland doesn't feel like it's doing as much damage as Amras, so may switch back, I have two piles of Mithril Arrows on the ground at my feet. Had seen a Light Crossbow of Harradrim and a Heavy Crossbow of Power x5 while down there and didn't pick them up.
Would Gorlim and Calris combine for double aggravate, or is that not done? Gorlim and Wrath gives me over 1000 vs Undead and I'm not yet maxed in stats.
It’s my pleasure to meet you by means of your web site of Nellingen. I was quite surprised to see how the base
had grown in the years after I left and sad to learn that it no longer exists. It’s too bad that it couldn’t have been
taken over by the German army or some other government agency but I guess it had outlived its usefulness.
A little about myself: I am 82 years old and retired after a career working in the aerospace electronics industry,
have two daughters, ages 57 and 51 and six grandchildren. My wife, Peg, and I will celebrate our 60th wedding
After the war the railroads were in poor condition and the closest we could get was Kornwestheim, north of
Stuttgart, and we came the rest of the way on the back of an army truck. My first job was as a clerk in the orderly
room, and then became postman for the outfit. Would drive into Stuttgart in the morning to APO 154, get the mail,
sort it after returning to base and have mail call immediately after lunch. A couple times a week I would again go
into Stuttgart in the afternoon to pick up a film to be shown in the evenings in a small theater which we had. On
occasion I would also fill in as the projectionist. Later our APO was changed to APO 172 and was relocated to
Esslingen, where I picked up the mail at the railroad station. My next assignment was working in the Intelligence
office for Lt. John G. Armstrong, mainly processing paper work, passes, etc. for the many German nationals and
displaced persons from Eastern Europe who worked on base. I worked at this job until leaving to return to the US.
On the return trip took a train to Frankfurt, then another up to Bremerhaven where I got on the ship for the USA.
Yes, I remember Lt. Orville Coil, but not very well. After all, he was a lieutenant and I was a corporal so our paths
didn’t cross very much, but I do remember the name. Unfortunately I lost contact with all of my friends from those
As best as I can remember the 6th ADS had about 100 or so personnel but being a Technical Training Center there
were always a number of people temporarily assigned for the purpose of taking refresher courses in various
phases of aircraft maintenance. We didn’t have a special patch and wore the regular Army Air Force and the 9th
While I was at Nellingen (1946) there wasn’t much to do in Esslingen or Stuttgart and nothing at all in Nellingen.
Only one year after the end of the war most people were barely surviving and weren’t thinking about social
activities but there were Red Cross Canteens in Esslingen (in the Alte Rathaus) and Stuttgart (in the basement of
the opera house) where we could go for a doughnut and cup of coffee and they had various activities scheduled.
On base we did have an enlisted mans club where we could have a beer, play cards, shoot the breeze, etc.
Almost every Saturday night we had a dance with an orchestra from town. They would send trucks into town to
bring young ladies out for the dance. These were very popular. We also had trucks going into town (Stuttgart)
I will go through my albums and pick out some photos that I think will be of interest to you and send them along at alater date.
It has been my pleasure meeting up with you via the computer and will keep watching your web site for more Nellingen photos and information.
displaced persons from Eastern Europe who worked on base. I worked at this job until leaving to return to the
US. On the return trip took a train to Frankfurt, then another up to Bremerhaven where I got on the ship for the
As best as I can remember the 6th ADS had about 100 or so personnel but being a Technical Training Center
there were always a number of people temporarily assigned for the purpose of taking refresher courses in various
I will go through my albums and pick out some photos that I think will be of interest to you and send them along at
a later date. It has been my pleasure meeting up with you via the computer and will keep watching your web site for
Nokesville, virginia is located in prince william countyzip codes in nokesville, va include 20181, and 20182. In 2005, high school graduate natalee holloway and almost her entire senior class took a celebratory trip to aruba it was the beginning of a. On one hand, the cherokee divorced dating spouse may resent the new relationship, taking a much harder line on negotiations, nokesville single parent dating. View free background profile for linda hatfield (s) dating websites, nokesville linda hatfield. Independent women dating adult dating nokesville according to anthropologistsdating is a stage of romantic and/or sexual relationships in.
Virginia's ghostly haunts petersburg-blandford church and cemetery is quite the historic gem with tombstones dating to 1700 and tiffany windows. Nokesville virginia development land previous nokesville is the center of a farming community with cattle and dairy farms dating from the 1800s to the 1950s. As more people learn of their genetic makeup, unexpected african roots emerge who grew up in nokesville, i was dating a black man. Housing type apartment condo cottage/cabin duplex flat house in-law loft townhouse.
Matchcom, the leading online dating resource for singles search through thousands of personals and photos go ahead, it's free to look. Virginia dating and matchmaking service for virginia singles and personals find your love in virginia now. Find people for free right now get current address, cell phone number, email address, relatives, friends and a lot more we're 100% free for everything. 100% free nokesville (virginia) dating site for local single men and women join one of the best american online singles service and meet lonely people to date and chat in nokesville(united states.
Slave housing in virginia although fire insurance policies dating to the antebellum period indicate greater use of terra cotta tile,. Consumer complaints and reviews about edge point contracting inc money recovery in manassas, virginia scam ripoff scheme telemarketing. Nokesville va 20181 patton, justin 703-792-5729 i determined to be a domestic occupation dating between 1880 and the first quarter of the twentieth century. You have grown up in a pretty strict muslim family and have had difficulty dating because your parents have made it clear that the only way you would date anyone is through their pickings.
Marshall elementary school office staff will be working from benton middle school for the next several weeks benton middle is located at 7411 hoadly rd, manassas. If you’re looking for date ideas in northern virginia for a girl that you’ve been seriously dating for a that helps keep the busy budgeter up and. Nokesville, virginia current city and hometown washington, district of columbia current city about brandon ok dating.
Loudoun county african-american historic architectural resources survey prepared by: kathryn gettings smith edna johnston megan glynn history matters, llc. View the league standings and articles for the brentsville district tigers wrestling team on maxpreps. Effingham manor & winery is a destination for adults located in nokesville, virginia history in a meticulously restored and preserved manor house dating back. Dewberry is a leading, market-facing firm with a proven history of providing professional services to a wide variety of public- and private-sector clients.
Classreportorg provided free website for the class of 1988 from brentsville district high school brentsville district high school nokesville dating back to. Doctors around nokesville - nokesville, va - aarp in your. Creepy ghost stories submit, share true and famous ghost stories from around the world. “i have cases dating back all the way to the early 1980s,” he says it was march 22 of that year when 23-year-old shane donahue of nokesville disappeared.
Listen and download Golden hits of Kishore Kumar Golden Hits Mp3 Songs Free Download . There are 40 Old Hindi Songs of Kishore Kumar Go...
Listen and download Diwali songs Mere Tumhare Sabke Liye Happy Diwali Mp3 Song . The happy diwali song has sung by Vaishali, Suraj, Sun...
Listen to a Greatest Collection Best of Udit Narayan and Alka Yagnik Mp3 Songs Download . There are 25 Hit Hindi Songs Best of Udit Nara...
Listen and Download to a greatest collection of Mohammad Rafi Romantic Songs Mp3 Free Download . There are 20 Romantic Songs in Mohamm...
Listen and download Diwali songs Jagmagati Diwali Ki Raat Aa Gayi (Part-1) Mp3 Song . The song has sung by Asha Bhosle, Jagmagati Diwal...
Archive Blog December (1) November (9) August (4) April (2) March (11) February (22) January (7) December (7) November (46) October (52) September (11) June (4) May (12) April (13) March (20) February (23) January (60) December (29) November (204) October (59) September (26) August (28) July (5) June (61) May (26) April (100) March (5) February (249) January (12) December (4) November (4) October (19) September (25) August (4) June (24)
_Zadane.pl is looking for a Marketing and Community Management Interns, who will be responsible for launching our Social Learning platform in following countries: Portugal, Czech Republic and Slovakia, Romania, Spain, Turkey
contacts with business partners - present and prospective coordination of actions taken up with them,
cooperation within a team of young i-love-my-job freaks, with the option of using their knowledge and abilities,
所有行业分类 汽车零配件 婴儿产品 建材及五金 计算机周边设备 消费电子产品及电器用品 电子仪器及电子零件 环保设备及用品 眼镜及配件 食品及饮料 鞋类 家具及布置 成衣及服装配件 礼品及赠品 手袋及旅行用品 保健及美容产品 家庭用品 珠宝 照明产品 机械、原材料及科学仪器 医疗用品及医药 包装材料 宠物及宠物用品 摄影及光学器材 服务行业 运动用品 文具及办公室设备 电讯产品 纺织品、布料及纱线 玩具及游戏 钟表
All New Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet Case 7th Generation 2017 Lightweight Back Cover All New Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet Case 7th Generation 2017 Lightweight Back Cover All New Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet Case 7th Generation 2017 Lightweight Back Cover MoKo Case for All-New Amazon Fire HD 8 Tablet (7th Generation, 2017 Release Only) - [Honey Comb Series] Light Weight Shock Proof Soft Silicone Back Cover [Kids Friendly] for Fire HD 8, BLUE Product Details Designed specifically for Fire HD 8 (ONLY compatible with 7th Generation - 2017 Release). Easy access to all features and controls. Lightweight and protective, kid-friendly and Versatile case with honey comb pattern refines your precious device. Precise cut out and openings for buttons controls and cameras allow for easy access. Constructed from... Less
Price Runner’s UK price comparison website compares websites from top retailers such as Amazon, ASOS, House of Fraser, and other top UK brands. Store owners can compare prices with reputable brands to determine how to best price the products on their website. This price comparison website has a fresh and easy-to-use interface, with a rather modern outlook. You even have access to price histories, price alerts, price information, and reviews. And if you prefer to buy the product locally, it’ll even direct you on where to go.
A study by the e-tailing group discovered that consumers highly value the ability to research a product before purchasing it, in order to find the best price guarantee. The current online consumer behavior is based on the efficiency of price comparison. This means that customers are highly likely to Google prices of the products that they’re interested in, or for instance use the Amazon price check before they decide what they should buy. This is where comparison shopping engines and apps step in, in order to facilitate this growing need of consumers.
As one of its daily deals, Woot via Amazon offers the refurbished Samsung 28" 4K LED-Backlit LCD Monitor for $229.99 with free shipping. Although it was $10 less for a refurb in August, it's still $65 cheaper than the best price we could find for a new unit today. It features a 3840x2160 4K native resolution, 1ms response time, DisplayPort, and two HDMI inputs. A 90-day Samsung warranty applies. Deal ends today.
Condom Depot offers the largest online selection of the highest-rated, brand name condoms and lubricants at the best available price. As a master distributor, we buy directly from top-leading brands such as Durex, Trustex, Beyond Seven, Trojan, Ansell, Kimono, Wet International, Pjur Group, American Latex and Okamoto; and we pass those savings directly to our customers.
This essential book helps you find exactly what you want on the Web in no time flat--without having to struggle with slow downloads or the endless, irrelevant listings on search engines. From well-known giants like Amazon.com to promising upstarts like Plato's Toybox, these sites run the gamut of products and services, size and price. But they all have one thing in common: they're the best the Web has to offer. Inside you'll find
Shopping robots like camelcamelcamel, the tracktor and Online Price Alert can help you track prices on Amazon, but you have to be patient. Set up an account, then simply copy the URL for the exact product you want from Amazon’s website into your account. The Camelizer and Tracktor chart out the recent price history so you know if it is going up or down. All three sites alert you when the price matches what you designed as the price you will pay.
Walmart offers the Danby 18" Portable Dishwasher for $379.99 with free shipping. That's $40 under our mention from three weeks ago and the lowest price we could find by $67. It boasts a low water consumption of up to 13.2 litres of water, features intuitive electronic controls with display light, six wash cycles, and a built-in water softener system.
In June 2017, Amazon announced that it would acquire Whole Foods, a high-end supermarket chain with over 400 stores, for $13.4 billion.[14][41] The acquisition was seen by media experts as a move to strengthen its physical holdings and challenge Walmart's supremacy as a brick and mortar retailer. This sentiment was heightened by the fact that the announcement coincided with Walmart's purchase of men's apparel company Bonobos.[42] On August 23, 2017, Whole Foods shareholders, as well as the Federal Trade Commission, approved the deal.[43][44]
They found nearly 1,000 stores that met their stringent criteria, and they present them in 78 shopping categories, listed alphabetically from Animal & Pet Supplies to Writing Tools. The table of contents can direct you to shops that sell batteries or basketballs, sail boats or chocolate, computers or hair-care products, maternity clothes, maps, stocks, travel adventures, or wine. All the Web sites are cross-referenced in a Web Site Addresses appendix, and again in a comprehensive index. The Prices describe what each online store offers, include some sample products, and summarize services such as search engines, photos, ordering, gift wrapping, and delivery.
Gimme Shopping Australia is a great Australian price comparison website that allows customers to find the best product prices online. Store owners can choose to have their products listed on the platform for free. They pride themselves in being an ad free platform to avoid biasing their customers. The platform can help store owners drive more traffic to their online stores. However, you will need to pay a commission for traffic that leads to sales.
Also available is the Mr Beams Wireless Motion-Sensing Outdoor LED Spotlight for $9.72 via in-store pickup. (Amazon charges the same with free shipping for Prime members.) That's the best deal we could find by $2. It features an 80-lumen output, motion detection up to 25 feet, and up to one year of light on a set of three C batteries (not included).
Bloggers who have their own websites can also earn Amazon vouchers by linking to the site through an affiliates program. When your readers click on the Amazon ad and buy something, you get a commission of 5-15%. While it doesn’t count for anything sent to your home, it doesn’t stop you from teaming up with friends and family and asking them to use your affiliate code.
We had meal in the cafe bar across the bridge termed Santiago and it was a simple location even so the foodstuff was great. Very nice chicken and chips. Wine and beer was so low-cost. We were the initial there at about 8pm and by 10pm the place experienced loaded up with locals and we viewed the soccer until late.
The walk is about a hundred and eighty miles lengthy and is quite tough, since it includes a fair level of hill climbing and the weather conditions can be very erratic.
you may be asked your determination for walking. Individuals who never consist of "spiritual" or “spiritual” inside their cause of building the pilgrimage might be available another document, a
The choice is to shut down your rental. Delight in your stroll and pick up An additional automobile. Paying out employ the service of expenses for five - 6 times although walking looks a tad perverse to me. As does having to pay a lodge I am not sleeping in to look following another person's auto.
This is a Favored Partner house. It's devoted to providing attendees that has a optimistic knowledge owing to its commendable service and great value. This house could pay Booking.com a little more to get On this Programme.
It’s prone to change into one particular of the fondest memories, but you should appear nicely-organized if you'd like to experience it fully.
I hope to stroll the Camino up coming may perhaps and am taking into consideration driving from Ireland to somewhere in the vicinity of St Jean.
it is nearly always achievable to discover some prevalent language or no less than to setup a casual translation chain. Listed below are several guidelines paraphrased from journey Expert Rick Steves on hurdling the language barrier:
Indeed, you'll want to carry a small, individual kit, a person large on foot care supplies. But Spain is a first entire world nation and many everything that you could possibly want in just how of self-medication or self-treatment might be obtainable there.
That is a Most popular Lover residence. It is committed to offering attendees by using a beneficial experience thanks to its commendable service and superior benefit. This property might pay back Scheduling.com a little bit extra to get in this Programme.
We use cookies making sure that we provide you with the finest knowledge with us. Should you keep on to make use of this site We are going to believe that you will be happy with it. OK Examine additional
In addition to the climate, You may additionally want to take into consideration how all kinds of other pilgrims will probably be in existence going for walks with you. Overcrowding to the Camino
—A drinking water bottle of some kind. I just like a two-liter Platypus with cap, which check this reference you'll use on those times exactly where it's a great distance among drinking water stops.
You’ll mainly be sleeping in bunk beds with only a sheet in addition to a pillow furnished, so bringing a sleeping bag is a good way to remain heat and comfortable.
This curvy road runs through hills and wadis (dry river beds). Pavement is average, could get bumpy at times, but the curves and elevation changes make up for it. Be careful while crossing wadis as tarmac turns to concrete (sometimes mid-corner) which can have reduced traction and sometimes might ha...
A delight for every motorcycle/sport car enthusiast. Road starts off with a few smooth bends to get warmed up and then the fun begins as you climb uphill. Combination of straights and twisties. Tarmac is smooth, with an occasional bump or two. Watch for fine sand on corners as it tends to accumulate...
Tarmac in excellent quality, easy to get speed up. Smooth turns and elevation changes. Couple of tunnels, fun to rev up your bike, but watch for speed cameras. As you descent the mountain towards Kalba, coming off the crest, you're greeted with a lovely view of the ocean. This road is quit...
Minimum number of characters not met. A value is required. Last Name * Minimum number of characters not met.A value is required.
Here we have tried to collect the pictures and information about all the model years of Skoda Felicia. You can choose any of these to view more detailed specifications and photos about it! We have accurately collected this data for you, but nobody’s perfect! We could put something out of account. If you don’t find the required model here – please, contact us and we will fix it as soon as possible.
Skoda has just revealed its new compact SUV after its journey camouflaged. Just right, it comes to the all-new Skoda Karoq that was finally introduced to the... read more
The Czech Skoda has already revealed some long-awaited images of the latest concept SUV. The model is now called Vision S and would be revealed at the Swiss... read more
CRM, or Customer Relationship Management, in itself, is a tricky job. And if your sales department doesn’t accept …
The process of identifying, troubleshooting and resolving the issues in a non-working faulty computer is termed as Computer …
As compared to a decade ago, Website development has become a lot effortless today. The web development platforms …
We often end up deleting files from our Android device without realizing its effects. Sometimes, we lose our …
Linksys is a renowned American brand which manufactures wireless networking devices. The features of Linksys routers have won …
The site of Explore La Réunion uses cookies for its operation and analysis. If you refuse these cookies, consult our legal notices.
Spouse and children Medicine would be the clinical specialty that's worried about the total well being care of the person plus the relatives.
16 Examine-ins This is a large mainstream pediatric observe. I haven't any key problems genuinely. They are saying They may be breastfeeding helpful but they usually appear to be astonished that I am breastfeeding my daughter (she is only one; not like I am nursing a five year aged). I go there as a result of place and they have got Saturday hrs at the Alpharetta office.
He may be very sweet with the kids, which happens to be great: caregiver rather then clinician. His nurse is a tad abrupt, and his wife/clinical assistant suffers from delusions of grandeur. It is really always simple to be seen, as well as the morning connect with-in choice u s great. Extra Health professionals really should adopt such a Place of work seek advice from framework.
The health care provider then arrived in and I asked what would come about if we refused the anal temp; she replied we might be "ordered" to go directly to the kids's medical center for further analysis. Once i asked what would come about if we did not adjust to this "purchase" she stated she would contact Youngster Protective Companies. They got their anal probe, his temp was great, and we instantly still left the Place of work. Idiots.
Up-to-date evaluation Dr Bleekrode remains approximately her identical ol tactics. I've experienced quite a few men and women from the area Speak to me from my assessment in disgust around the bait and switch.
Your browser just isn't supported by Google+. You will have an outdated browser Variation or an unsupported browser sort.
Additionally, your privacy is Get More Information limited as insurance policies providers have the appropriate to evaluate your clinical information if they opt to. Some persons favor this data be held completely private concerning consumer and therapist. If you would like To find out more about price for company alternatives, Just click here.
Our observe was acknowledged by this prestigious journal to be a runner up for your Exercise with the Year award.
Click on the job title for total facts. See additional career listings and use the search bar at the bottom of this page.
The hold out isn't extended, and appointments are not much too tough to get. Dr. Eaton is the best! She solutions all our thoughts and helps make us sense at relieve.
You can even lookup in the vicinity of a town, area, or address alternatively. Oops! We don't figure out the internet browser you might be at this time utilizing. Test checking the browser's help menu, or seeking Read Full Article the world wide web for Guidelines to show on HTML5 Geolocation for your browser. You can even research in close proximity to a metropolis, location, or address rather.
In a few words, it Our site boils all the way down to the center that We now have for the kids and parents we serve. At Young children & Teen Dental, you and your kid are more than simply a affected person variety; you do have a voice and we listen.
You may also look for in the vicinity of a city, position, or address alternatively. Oops! We don't figure out the internet browser you might be currently applying. Test examining the browser's aid menu, or exploring the net for Recommendations to show on HTML5 Geolocation for your browser. You can even look for close to a city, spot, or handle rather.
Atlanta, Ga 30342 "We concentrate on health-related nourishment therapy which treats or prevents Serious situations as a result of diet program modifications ordinarily involving fat reduction. I'd like that can assist you achieve your aim of improving upon your wellness through audio, proof based diet intervention. For some, foodstuff is an emotional issue.
Hey guys! If you enjoyed the reactions in this video, be sure to Subscribe for more hilarious videos! Thanks for watching! Channel: https://youtube.com/guythatfunny Second Channel: https://youtube.co...
If you enjoyed this hilarious video, then please help me grow this channel by Liking and Sharing the video! Thanks for watching! :) Channel: https://youtube.com/guythat... Twitter: https://twitter.co...
If you enjoyed these hilarious reactions, be sure to Subscribe for more awesome videos like this! Thanks for watching! :D Channel: https://youtube.com/guythatfunny Second Channel: https://youtube.co...
Subscribe to catch my future videos! http://own.ag/youtube I called a guy in a long distance relationship and pretended to be his girlfriend's black Ex-Boyfriend (who he absolutely hates). I pretend ...
Don't YOU HATE IT when people are rude?! I do :( I think the best payback is....to Prank them! haha (you would've guessed that right?) Hope you guys enjoy the hilarious stunts I pulled on Kate :) ...
Audible is offering a FREE Audiobook with a 30-Day Trail Membership. Head over to https://audible.com/karina or Text &quot;karina&quot; to 500-500
Here they are, the best fails of all time so far. A lot of you guys have asked us to do an ultimate fails compilation ever and this seems like the right time to do it. A lot of really classic clips in...
Leave a like if you enjoyed! Leave a comment of what you did for April Fools Day! Also, shoutout to my mom for taking this so well, I personally thought she was going to have a stroke. Follow me on T...
shopping online cell phone accessories cheap shopping online | shopping online amazon designer discount shopping
The company was founded as a result of what Jeff Bezos called his "regret minimization framework," which described his efforts to fend off any regrets for not participating sooner in the Internet business boom during that time.[19] In 1994, Bezos left his employment as vice-president of D. E. Shaw & Co., a Wall Street firm, and moved to Seattle, Washington, where he began to work on a business plan[20] for what would become Amazon.com.
Shop according to product. Woroch urges shoppers to wait to buy winter apparel and accessories until closer to the holidays or in early January. “Toys are best to buy in the first two weeks of December, based on price histories,” she says. “Gift wrap, decor, and other seasonal merchandise like pre-lit Christmas trees are a better buy after the holidays.”
In 2013, Amazon secured a US$600 million contract with the CIA, which poses a potential conflict of interest involving the Bezos-owned The Washington Post and his newspaper's coverage of the CIA.[200] Kate Martin, director of the Center for National Security Studies, said, "It's a serious potential conflict of interest for a major newspaper like The Washington Post to have a contractual relationship with the government and the most secret part of the government."[201] This was later followed by a US$10 billion contract with the Department of Defence.[155]
Soap Reading Salt Bar – receive your Salt Cleansing Bar plus the soap reading personalised for you. Each of the Salt Cleansing Bars are filled with 100% pure essential oils. All 21 of the essential oils have been energised with the vibrational energy to compliment each of your chakra Energy Centres. Also suitable for cleansing your Aura
Each of the Salt Cleansing Bars are filled with 100% pure essential oils. All 21 of the essential oils have been energised with the vibrational energy of your chakra energy centres. Also suitable for cleansing your aura.
This amazing Salt Cleansing Bar is great when used for releasing or setting intents. Just wash over the areas of the body you are most drawn to, set your intent or release what ever needs to be released then rinse normally.
To Purchase just choose the Soap you are first drawn to, the soap usually chooses you:-)). Rotate the soap to the position you feel comfortable with. Make sure you let me know which way you have rotated the soap, and this will be the way in which I will do an intuitive soap reading for you
Amy Jackson works as an advertising specialist at web design and development company, she is an inspired writer who loves to share her experiences using beautiful words. Her passion for writing has made her produce many articles on design, SEO, digital marketing and business. You can also follow the author on Twitter or Google+
Contemporary websites are built leveraging a number of different technologies. While you don’t necessarily have to ace all these technologies, it is a wise idea…
This report supersedes report of March 30, 1922, with the same title published in Information Circular No. 369; and report of April 28, 1921, entitled "The Sylphon Fuel Pump," published in Information Circulary No. 281. The report describes the Bellows fuel pump and provides diagrams and drawings of the pump. It describes the appropriate maintenance and repair procedures for this pump and lists tests that should be performed after pump overhaul (including the benchmarks the pump should meet to be ready for re-installation).
Kitchen Pass Through Window Outside Popular Ideas Regarding 21 part of Kitchen Pass Through Window Outside. Kitchen Pass Through Window Outside Popular Ideas Regarding 21 is one of our collection We choose the image option for display We paid attention to you to provide a good picture and with high definition (HD). If you want to keep this image right click directly on the picture. Select "Save As.." and than choose the location or the folder where will you keep this picture, .Jpg is a default format picture, you can also change the format picture, the way is at will save in storage the image can add extension or add other extension as .png .jpeg, then you will get image Kitchen Pass Through Window Outside Popular Ideas Regarding 21 with the resolution are equal to in your computer. You can see the picture in a gallery other similar with previous navigate using the image and the next image that will facilitate you in venturing website. The picture you see in the public domain and in our website will be the same, so you will have no trouble finding pictures is. This image is one of the existing images in the Kitchen Pass Through Window Outside Popular Ideas Regarding 21, we provide other similar images in one post, so this will allow a user in search of a wanted picture Charming home decoration to your liking will make a House into a comfortable life in it will also be more peaceful model interior and ekxterior are now more sought after is the model of contemporary design, because the more modern architecture and nice to look at, despite having a small area you can also create a design contemporary to the maximum on a small area, so you can get the most out
Usage Statement This material may be protected under U.S. Copyright Law (Title 17, U.S. Code) which governs the making of photocopies or reproductions of copyrighted materials. You may use the digitized material for private study, scholarship, or research. Though APL has physical ownership of the material in its collections, in some cases we may not own the copyright to the material. It is the patron's obligation to determine and satisfy copyright restrictions when publishing or otherwise distributing materials found in our collections.
Description Pierce Governor was founded in Anderson in 1913 and named for George Pierce. They manufactured speed control governors for agricultural machinery and, later, the auto industry. Pierce Governor's factor was located on Ohio Avenue between Columbus Avenue and Jefferson Street. The buildings were demolished in the late 90's to make way for the Madison Community Health Center.
Religious, Places, Horror, TV, Sci-Fi, Miscellaneous, Schools, Sports, People, Cartoons, Movies and Cinema, Products, Anime, Nature, Get Software
Natural Muscle Magazine started in Florida, and caters primarily to the Florida region, although California and Texas have been receiving some of the magazines in different outlets. It focuses on the natural athletes, the ANBC, and other natural organizations. On the cover is Rachel Hunter and Christian Boeving.
12 Weeks to a leaner, healthier body. Are you ready and motivated to achieve the body you want? This is part 3: Kicking it up a notch.
It is important to get a good solid foundation for your routine. Information on Choreography, Music, and other.
In this article, I will elucidate the truth about Tribulus and, in doing so, will expose a whole new beautiful realm, the realm of furostanolic saponins.
The no pain, no gain, and more is better philosophy that dominates the gym can really lead to poor gains and poor health.
Part Three of a multi part series looking into performance supplements and what works, what does not, the costs and everything else relevant. In this section, we talk about the Andro Debate, and what Science says.
Got tattoos? A recent British medical journal study showed muscle atrophy in some subjects who had them.
Natural Muscle writers Danielle Nagel and Tom Milner are taking the matrimonial plunge, and other stories.
Try it... membership not required! Go to our easy-to-use Directory for the latest products and services! Direct links to industry pros and resources to help you fine-tune your latest home project.
The photos on Getdecorating.com® cannot be used in any commercial application whatsoever, such as a web site or in print, without a specific usage license. Licenses can be acquired through contacting us at info@getdecorating.com.
© Copyright - All photographs are the intellectual property of Visual Solutions Company, Inc. and are protected under the copyright laws of the United States and International Copyright laws.
Browse thousands of home and decorating photographs, each one showcasing the latest products and best in home design. Find the ideas that are right for you and with a quick click of the mouse you can create your personal portfolio...the Idea File. Email your Idea File to show a builder, interior designer, supplier, friend or relative exactly the look or product you want. Its' that simple...a digital show and tell ! Available to all members.
Upload an unlimited number of albums with your companies name and a hyperlink to your web site. Click on "More On This Company" to see how it works. Get a free listing in the Product & Services Directory when you register. Try It Now.
At La Strada, we design the entire interior of the home, from the entry foyer to the last guest room, passing through the kitchen, bedrooms, bathrooms, closets, and home theater. As you tour our complete homes, you’ll see ‘Smart Kitchens’ that combine the right amount of convenience and technology, exquisite dining rooms that are a feast for the eyes, wall units that combine elegance and functionality, home bars that are the toast of the town, heavenly bedroom suites where dreams and fantasies come true, lavish outdoor living spaces that extend the home into the great outdoors, and much more.
Reese Witherspoon Net Worth is $80 Million. Reese Witherspoon, born Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon on March 22, 1976 is an actress and producer with a net worth of $80 million. She began her career in 1990 in The Man in the Moon, and was nominated f. Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspo...
Reese Witherspoon Net Worth is $80 Million. Reese Witherspoon, born Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon on March 22, 1976 is an actress and producer with a net worth of $80 million. She began her career in 1990 in The Man in the Moon, and was nominated f Laura Jeanne Reese Witherspoon , better known as Reese Witherspoon, is an American actress and film producer. Witherspoon landed her first feature role as the female lead in the film The Man in the Moon in 1991; later that year she made her television acting debut, in the cable movie Wildflower. In 1996, Witherspoon appeared in Freeway and followed that appearance with roles in three major 1998 films: Overnight Delivery, Pleasantville and Twilight. The following year, Witherspoon appeared in the critically acclaimed Election, which earned her a Golden Globe nomination.
2001 marked her career's turning point with the breakout role as Elle Woods in the box office hit Legally Blonde, and in 2002 she starred in Sweet Home Alabama, which became her biggest commercial film success to date. 2003 saw her return as lead actress and executive producer of Legally Blonde 2: Red, White & Blonde. In 2005, Witherspoon received worldwide attention and praise for her portrayal o...
Reese Witherspoon recently confirmed what we've all been hoping for since Legally Blonde 2: Red, White, & Blonde hit theaters 15 years ago: Legally Blonde 3 *is* happening. But, it looks like it's goi...
Pretend you're a supervillain. Your goal is to lure a bunch of middle-class white women to an arena for a nefarious plot. I have gamed this out for you, and your best option is to charge them between ...
It's hard to believe, but Reese Witherspoon has been acting professionally since 1991. She's played everything from a troubled teen, to a perky law student, to an other-worldly being, and while her re...
According to the Hollywood Reporter, actress Reese Witherspoon's shop Hello Sunshine has optioned the film rights to an upcoming book "The League of Wives" written by Richmond-raised author Heath Lee. ...
NEW YORK (AP) – Oprah Winfrey and Reese Witherspoon will be among the special guests when Michelle Obama goes on tour for her memoir “Becoming.” Others appearing with the former first lady will includ...
Welcome to Mere Rhetoric, the podcast for beginners and insiders about the ideas, people and movements who have shaped rhetorical history.
Sieze the day! Or the rhetorical situation..! Or, wait, does the rhetorical situation seize you? Bitzer, Vatz and High King Aragorn II, son of Arathorn today on Mere Rhetoric.
Stand up for what you think, but make sure you're standing in the same place as your interlocutor. Rhetoric's stasis theory gives us categories of Fact, Definition, Quality and Procedure to make sure we're arguing the same thing when we argue.
A podcast for beginners and insiders about the people, ideas and movements that have defined the history of rhetoric.
In the mythical continent of Westeros, several powerful families fight for control of the Seven Kingdoms. As conflict erupts in the kingdoms of men, an ...
Robin Hood The Rebellion is a movie starring Martyn Ford, Brian Blessed, and Kristian Nairn. With his true love captured by the villainous Sheriff of ...
The University of Toledo, established in 1872, is a diverse, student-centered public metropolitan research university. Home to more than 22,000 students across 13 colleges and six Ohio campuses, UT offers more than 230 doctoral, professional, graduate ...
Jenna Gedney, a resident of Toledo, OH, graduated from The University of Toledo with a Bachelor of Science degree in Exercise Science. Gedney was among more than 2,300 graduates who received their...
Jenna Gedney, a Exercise Science major and resident of Toledo, OH, was among more than 2,800 students from The University of Toledo who made the Spring 2013 Dean's List. The Dean's List recognizes...
Jenna Gedney, a Exercise Science major and a resident of Medina, OH, was among more than 2,600 students from The University of Toledo who made the Spring 2012 Dean's List. The Dean's List recog...
We were all surprised every time Stan made it to another meeting. If he wasn’t yet knocking at death’s door, he seemed to be rolling up the access ramp to it, huffing into his mask, hauling his collection of failing organs with him. After several months we were all deeply knowledgeable about his ailments and injuries, his medicines and their side effects, his ongoing battle with incompetent doctors and heartless nurses and corrupt insurance clerks. The medical industrial complex, he said, was a God damn mess, and it was a miracle he was still kicking.
Stan bragged to the group how he’d lied to the van service, told them the meeting was a half hour earlier than it was. The same smart-ass kid picked him up every week. Knocked on the door, wouldn’t use the bell, walked right in if Stan didn’t get there fast enough. The kid would stand there making faces behind that God damn lumberjack beard, wrinkling his nose at the house that Stan had spent four decades in. “How the hell can a man with no hands be a hoarder?” the kid said once. He’d shove stuff out of the way, kicking Stan’s belongings like they were garbage, or worse, picking them up like he was appraising their value.
“Why do you have a pistol?” the kid asked. It was a .357 police swing-out revolver, brand new and still in its case. Stan had found it on eBay.
“None of your damn business,” Stan said. There was a lot more than the .357 in the house, but the kid didn’t need to know that.
Somewhere in the house were his prosthetics. He’d gone through a dozen of them before giving up on them twenty years ago. They weren’t anything like the high-tech robot parts the soldiers had now; these were old-fashioned hooks and flesh-toned mannequin hands and strap-on shoes—original pirate material. Uncomfortable as hell.
These days he rented hands, day nurses and Merry Maids and Meals-on-Wheels volunteers. The new ones always suggested he move into assisted living. They didn’t suggest it twice. I survived on scraps! he told them. For months! You think you can put me in a God damn prison?
Oh, he could still crank up a good rant. The young ones quit the first time he reduced them to tears, and good riddance. He couldn’t stand wimps. He could instantly spot every variety of bad egg: the thief, the layabout, the cell phone watcher, the idiot. It usually didn’t take more than a phone call to get them transferred, and if that failed he could get them to quit soon enough. They thought he was old and helpless.
He could see it in the eyes of the group, too. Well, most of their eyes. The youngest one, Martin, still wouldn’t take off the sunglasses. He decided to bring it up with Dr. Sayer before the meeting started.
As the eldest member of the group, he thought it a good idea to confer with the doctor before the meetings and share thoughts about how therapy was going. Often she came downstairs right as the meeting was scheduled to start, leaving them no time to talk, but some weeks he could get a couple of minutes of one-on-one time with her.
Today he was lucky. He’d commanded the driver to wait with him outside the conference room, and Dr. Sayer came down the stairs a few minutes before six.
The first time he’d met her, at the pre-group interview, that smile had struck a chime in his heart. It was not lust (though he was not above those feelings, despite lacking the ability to act on them), but something finer, almost familial. In another life she could have been his daughter. Her wide green eyes were steady and accepting. She always looked at him directly, without revulsion. Seeing all of him.
“Early is on-time,” Stan said. Before she could walk into the room, he asked her about Martin’s glasses. Did she realize that no one had mentioned them since the first meeting? It had been weeks and weeks. “Everyone’s so nervous about conflict they don’t want to bring ’em up again,” he said.
“That’s a perceptive insight,” Dr. Sayer said. Stan felt the warmth of her approval. True, it was Barbara who’d suggested to him that conflict avoidance was a reason for the silence, but Stan had been thinking much the same thing, so it was his idea too.
“Martin will just say that you let him keep the glasses on,” Stan said. Which is what Stan had told Barbara.
The kid sighed. Stan knew he was rolling his eyes, trying to look like a big man in front of the doctor. Well, to hell with you, kid.
Stan directed the driver to his regular spot, between the chairs that Harrison and Barbara always went to. He liked Barbara almost as much as he did Dr. Sayer. He was so happy the woman had sat beside him on the first day, and happier still that they’d stuck to their seats as if they’d been assigned. Dr. Sayer, thank God, had not inflicted any teambuilding exercise on them and forced them to shuffle their positions.
Barbara arrived a few minutes later. Stan lowered his mask and said hello. She smelled like a proper woman; just a touch of expensive perfume, nothing cloying. He liked to breathe her in. Sometimes, if he shared something awful or sad, she’d pat his arm. Dr. Sayer, despite her obvious affection for him, never touched him.
“Oh, can’t complain,” he said. He told her about his eye doctor, who wanted to do cataract surgery on him. His vision wasn’t as good as it used to be, but he wasn’t blind, not yet. “A dozen other things will kill me before I need to fix my eyes,” he said. Martin and Harrison came into the room. “I don’t need any more people coming at me with scalpels.”
“I think they use lasers now,” Harrison said. He was dressed in a suit jacket and T-shirt, which Stan thought was a ridiculous combination. Make up your damn mind; either wear the whole suit with a man’s shirt and tie, or go play basketball.
Greta took her seat next to Harrison. Stan had never gotten close enough to Greta to sniff her, but he wouldn’t be surprised if she wore men’s deodorant. She was almost certainly homeless, or a lesbian, or a homeless lesbian. Definitely didn’t like men. Every week she sat across the circle from him, glowering. Hardly ever spoke. What the hell was she doing here, if she wasn’t even going to talk? Also, he was pretty sure she wasn’t wearing a bra.
He lifted his eyes from Greta’s chest. What was the doctor wanting? Oh right. “I want to talk about the glasses again,” Stan said.
Before anyone else could jump in, Stan asked the obvious question: “What the hell are you talking about?”
“It’s a video game,” Martin said. “But you play it in the real world. The game turns people on the street into zombies, and you actually see their faces transformed through the camera. The filters are wicked cool, completely dynamic.”
Stan still had no idea what he was talking about. But it was certainly the most animated Martin had ever been in group.
“You get points by killing the zombies,” Martin said. “You can pick up weapons that the game world drops for you, or buy them online. You just make your hand into a gun shape, and—” The fingers of his right hand curled. “There. A pistol.” He made another shape. “Or a knife. Or a sword.”
“It’s not that easy,” Martin said. “You have to shoot them in the head to kill them. Or get close enough to chop their heads off.” He made a flicking gesture with his hand. “If they touch you, they turn you into a zombie.”
“Nobody knows what I’m doing,” Martin said. “I played for months and nobody noticed. And they don’t know they’re zombies. I just—” He pointed his hand. “Bang. Splat. The sound effects are awesome. The glasses use bone conduction speakers, so you actually feel the back blast.”
“The entire sound design’s incredible. Sirens in the distance, people screaming, gunshots. The game could actually get you to duck. Totally insane. And the gameplay. You don’t level up like in other games, you don’t get more hit points or better weapons. It just gets more and more intense. The apocalypse keeps snowballing. I mean, I kept playing, and more and more zombies appeared on the streets. Even the buildings started to change. Like, crumbling. Cars burning, corpses on the sidewalk. I’d walk into the 7-Eleven and there’d be a headless corpse slumped against the beverage cooler. The guy at the register would have bullet wounds in his face.
“And the zombies kept coming. Some days—some days the streets were filled with the dead. Gray faces on everybody. Way too dangerous to leave my apartment. I’d snipe from my window, or go down to the front door and try to clear a path . . . but sometimes there were too many of them. Impossible. Some days I’d have to wait for hours for a lull, just so I could get to work.”
Martin shook his head at the stupidity of the question. “There’s no—how do I explain this? There’s no break, no pause between levels. You don’t even have to save progress. They’ve removed all reasons for stopping. You can go all day, all night.”
“You don’t know what it’s like,” Martin said. “To be immersed like that.” He looked up. “Every other game, there’s this wall. The screen that keeps you out, and you can’t get to the other side, no matter how hard you try. But this—I was inside. All the time. And it was amazing.”
“No. Things that weren’t supposed to be in the game.” Martin shook his head. “It wasn’t just the standard monsters anymore. I saw this thing. It wasn’t a zombie, it was . . . I don’t know. White, slippery skin. Too many arms, too many fingers. Like a lizard, but . . . weirder.”
“I could barely look at it,” Martin said. “It wasn’t just one thing. Well, it was one thing, but overlaid on itself. All lizards.”
“I know what she’s talking about,” Martin said. “These things are like the woman in the painting, but . . . worse. They move. I get nauseous looking at them. And the people have no idea that these things are right next to them. But I could see them. They left afterimages, like trails. Wakes. So even when they weren’t in front of me, I could tell where they’d been. There were tracks everywhere through the city. We were overrun.
“At first I thought I’d leveled up,” Martin said. “But that wasn’t it. These things weren’t part of the game. I checked the forums—nobody was seeing this. Nobody had heard of anything like this. It didn’t make game sense, either. I couldn’t do anything to them. I couldn’t shoot them, or knife them. They’d just leer at me.”
“Not to me, but—” He shook his head. He didn’t look at her. Hadn’t ever looked at the girl since the group began. “They whispered to people on the street. I could hear them, making this sound . . . but it wasn’t words. I don’t think it was words.
“There was this guy who hung around our block. My roommates called him Dog Man, because he was always sniffing the air. Wrinkling his nose like something stank. Talking to himself. They thought he was schizophrenic, but I could see the thing with him. Speaking to him. And Dog Man was listening. And sometimes it would be whispering to him, and he’d look at me like he knew me.
“I stopped going out. It wasn’t just Dog Man. The streets were full all the time now. My apartment was the last safe place. At least I thought so.” His smile was a surprised twitch.
“I was lying in my bed. It was late, maybe two or three in the morning. The sirens were dying down. A building was on fire across the street, and the flames were flickering in my window, making this weird light in the room. Which is impossible, I know that. Glasses can add pixels, they can’t add light, but still, I could see everything in the room, lit up by the firelight, and everything seemed to be in motion. No, like it was about to move. Quivering, like . . . I don’t know. Something under pressure, deep under the ocean. I remember looking at my desk, and my shirt was draped across the back of the chair, like a man hunched up in the dark. Waiting. Everything in the room was vibrating, on the edge of bursting open, like a jack-in-the-box. You’re turning, turning, and you can feel the lid trembling. You can’t help yourself, you’ve got to turn the crank a little more, just daring yourself . . .”
Martin ran a hand through his hair. “At the end of the bed is the door to my closet. It’s a heavy wooden thing, not a regular closet door, more like a door to another apartment. Maybe it was, once. The building’s old, the apartments are all too small. Anyway, the door sticks all the time. I usually have to yank to get it open. But that night, I’m on my back, looking straight at it. And it starts to open.
“And there was nothing there. My closet was gone. Where it used to be was a tunnel. The walls were rock. Damp, shining, like, I dunno, wet coal. It went back a long ways.
“Then I saw the hand. I yelled and pushed myself backward. It had come up from the floor and grabbed the footboard. It wasn’t human, it was one of theirs—gray, webbed, fingertips like knives. Then a second hand came up. And the creature pulled itself onto the bed. Smiling.
“I scrambled off the bed and ran for the door to the hallway. Later I realized the thing must have come out of the tunnel and crawled across the floor, out of my line of sight. Maybe I could have shut the door. But all I was thinking then was that it was in the room with me, and I had to get out.
“So I ran. I grabbed my backpack and bugged out. My roommates were in their bedrooms asleep, but I knew they couldn’t help me. Wouldn’t help me. I ran into the hallway, downstairs. I’m standing there in the street like a crazy person. And I realized I’d yanked off the frames. I was holding them in my hand, and now the sirens were gone. The fires. For the first time in weeks everything was normal. Everything looked totally normal.
“He was standing there on the sidewalk looking at me, a weird smile on his face. He was alone. I knew that the lizard thing he’d been talking to, his partner, was up there in my room. I started screaming at him. Take it! It’s yours! I decided I was never coming back. If the creatures wanted the place, they could have it.”
“They’re called dwellers,” Harrison said. Greta made a noise and Harrison said, “They’re not like the dwellers in the books. They’re more vicious. And if they could get you, they would, glasses or not.”
“They’re not here. What he’s seeing—he’s peeking through to the other side. That’s where they live. They’re always there, watching us. Looking for a way to get through.”
“You don’t know what they can do!” Martin yelled. The boy was flushed, breathing hard. He might have been crying, but the glasses made it difficult to tell. “They’re here, whispering.”
We had been so careful with her, in meeting after meeting, because we believed her to be the most vulnerable of us. Her silence we took to be a great wound that could close only with time and our support. So in the first months of the group the rest of us talked and talked, telling our stories, working on our “issues,” while we circled around the void that was Greta. We tacitly agreed that we would wait for her. Let her come to trust us. And make no sudden moves.
We didn’t realize that by questioning Martin, we would make the most sudden move of all. In the space of a few minutes we outed her. Finally, we thought, we’ll hear the story of her scars.
Jan went after her but failed to convince her to come back inside. The meeting ended awkwardly, with all of us retreating into silence. Martin was obviously still angry, but he refused to say anymore.
The next week he was still angry. How could he explain to the others what he saw in Greta? She burned, radiating heat. Yet she came into the room and took her seat as usual. Then the meeting started and she sat there as if she were just like them. As if nothing he’d said had mattered.
Jan leaned forward. “Each of us gets to decide how much to reveal, and when,” she said. He took that as a veiled reference to what he hadn’t shared yet with the group, but that was unfair; what Greta was hiding was so much worse. “That’s the only way the group can work.”
Greta looked as if she were about to speak, then she shook her head. “I will tell you. I promise. But not now.”
“We have seventy-eight minutes,” Martin said. The frames’ clock glowed in the upper right of his vision.
“It’s not about the time remaining,” Harrison said. His voice was dismissive as always. Martin knew that the man had never liked him. “Take off the glasses. If you’re seeing her as a monster, you’re not seeing her as a person.”
“No, he is. Trying to put this back on me.” Martin sat down and crossed his arms to steady his hands. “Is that the way the group works, Jan?”
Dr. Sayer regarded him with that distant, professional gaze. Watching them from the other side of the glass, analyzing them. Not for the first time Martin wondered why she’d assembled these freaks. Did she enjoy making them tell their ghost stories? No normal psychiatrist could believe the crazy shit they were telling her, so she was doing something else. Writing a book about them probably. Or collecting evidence for the next new diagnosis for the DSM: Supernatural Victim Delusion. She should be paying them. (Not that he was totally up to date on his payments. He’d been forced to delay the last couple of checks.)
“It’s simple,” Martin said. “You’re the doctor. You’re supposed to do what’s best for your patients. So now you have to take a stand. Are you going to protect us, or . . . her?”
Jan shook her head. “I believe you’re sincere when you tell us what you see through the glasses. But Greta is also—”
“She knows she’s a danger,” Martin said to the doctor. “So let’s stop talking and do something.” He looked at Harrison. “You’re the big monster hunter. You’re going to just sit there?”
“But you didn’t leave,” Jan said. “Every week you came back. You sat in the room with her, six feet from her. I’m curious about that. Would you like to talk about that?”
He understood now; no one wanted to talk about the truth, with the possible exception of Stan. The old man seemed ready to believe him, but all Barbara wanted was for conflict to go away. Harrison was allied with Greta, trying to get in her pants. And Dr. Sayer would rather make this Martin’s problem than deal with the actual fucking monster in the room. It was no different in group than anywhere else.
It felt good to be the one to march out this time. When he reached the front door of the building he paused. No one had called out to him. No one was running after him.
He’d walked a dozen feet down the sidewalk before he realized that he had not scanned for lizards—scratch that—dwellers. He stopped, turned. It was near dusk, and there was no one close by, and no otherworldy creatures that he could detect. However, the marks of their passage were everywhere: Streaks of blue-black (streaks that after sundown would change to a pulsing silver in his display; he could control the graphics settings) painted the sidewalks and streets. So many here, way more than in other parts of the city. The Elms, he’d realized on the first day he’d come here, was interesting to them. He’d even briefly entertained the idea that this Dr. Sayer must be a Deadtown player, but then he met her and no, she’d never seen a pair of frames.
Martin’s bus was scheduled to arrive in ten minutes at a stop two blocks away. His CTA app—which as far as he could tell had not been haunted, spiritualized, or otherwise corrupted by Deadtown—told him that the bus was running on time. But still he didn’t leave. He walked a little way down the street, where he could watch the front doors of the Elms, and waited.
Harrison and Greta were first out, and they exited together. Martin watched as they walked, heads low in conversation. The air seemed to shimmer in Greta’s wake, like heat above a highway. Harrison stopped beside his car, a gleaming BMW coupe that was more expensive than anything Martin could afford. They exchanged a few words. Greta shrugged. Then they continued down the sidewalk.
Jan had not prohibited them from meeting outside the group. She said it usually happened, so why make a rule? She did ask that when members did meet outside that they tell the group about it. Anything that happened to members of the group was fuel for the group’s work. Secret alliances, the doctor said, could divide them.
Martin watched them walk away, the air trembling behind them, twisting the light like beach glass. Even after they turned the corner, the effect did not dissipate. He stood there for several minutes, not caring about his bus now, and after ten minutes the warp remained. He wondered how long it would last—hours? Days? What was she? She cut through the world like a knife, and the scars she left behind were deeper than any made by the dwellers.
Police tape still crisscrossed the front door of his apartment. He’d wondered if the landlord had changed the locks, and so was relieved to find that his key still worked. And why not? The rent was paid a month in advance. He was not a criminal. Not even a suspect. He pushed open the door, then slipped under the tape. He closed the door quietly behind him.
He had not been close friends with his roommates. The four of them were at most business partners: They’d been brought together by the online Mix-Master of Craigslist to share rent, that was all. In the frames he’d tagged them all as “Dave.” The fact that one of them was white and two of them were East Asian made less difference than their tastes in gaming systems. One Dave was a console drone; another liked handhelds and played ancient DS games; the third preferred indie board games with names like Push Fight and Zug un Zug. Martin was the only one with experimental bent. Oh they tried on his frames, but one of the Daves got motion-sick from them, and they’d called them “immature tech.”
He’d tried to tell them about Deadtown but they weren’t interested. So, when the other creatures began to invade the game, he kept that information to himself. When he locked himself in his room and didn’t talk to them for days, they didn’t mind. As long as he paid his share of the rent he could do what he wanted.
And when he ran out of the apartment, and told Dog Man to take what he wanted, he didn’t give the Daves a second thought.
Martin did not turn on the lights, though he knew from the glow of charging devices that the power was still on. He did not want to alert the landlord. He made his way back to his bedroom, opened the door, and turned on the flashlight app on his phone.
He opened his backpack and began to fill it. He stuffed in clothes, his external hard drives, the Sony PSP, the box of Arduino chips. Then he knelt and popped the case of the custom-built PC and yanked the hard drive, motherboard, and graphics card. These last two were the most expensive components, and he hoped he could sell them. There might have been financial support for the victims of crimes, but as it turned out there was no financial support for the crime adjacent. It didn’t matter to anyone but himself that he was homeless now. His savings were gone, and his credit—never very good—was maxed out. He’d have to sell everything he could and try to buy back what he needed later. He’d learned that he was afraid of the homeless shelters, and terrified of living in the streets.
He looked around one more time. His backpack was already overflowing, but perhaps, if the landlord didn’t find a renter, he could sneak back in again later.
He didn’t want to sleep in this place. But he didn’t know where else to go. He shut the door, and moved his desk chair so that the chair back was wedged under the knob. He didn’t have to be afraid of Dog Man. The man had been arrested while still in the apartment. Hadn’t even tried to run. But there were other people out there, people listening to the whispers.
Martin shouldn’t have told the dwellers that this was their place now. He shouldn’t have invited them in. He lay on his back, watching the room’s single window, and hoped that they hadn’t noticed that he’d returned.
At the next meeting, Martin sat in his usual spot, waiting. Stan complained about nurses creeping around on the second floor of his house where he didn’t go anymore, going through his things, looking for valuables. Then Barbara talked about an apartment where she went at night to do photography or painting or something. These people had houses on top of houses. Harrison probably kept summer homes on each coast.
“I know it doesn’t make any sense,” Barbara was saying. “I know I’d be safer at home with my husband. We have an excellent alarm system. But it’s only in the studio that I feel safe.”
“But he’s dead,” Greta said. She looked at Harrison. “It’s in the books. Lub stabbed him through the heart with a harpoon.”
“But in this case,” Harrison said. “Yes, he’s dead. I saw it myself. And it wasn’t a harpoon through the heart—that’s the kiddie version. We cut off his head and burned it.”
“Not really come back,” the old man said. “But just to end the waiting. I’m always waiting. Sometimes I think I’m still up there in the nets, the boy running his fingers through my hair, waiting for the Weavers to take me down for the next treatment.”
Barbara was staring straight ahead—in Greta’s direction, but Martin thought that she wasn’t seeing anyone in the room. “He carved pictures into me,” Barbara said. “The last thing he said to me was, ‘I left you a message.’” She inhaled shakily and seemed to come to herself. “But if he’s dead, who’s going to tell me what he drew?”
“X-rays don’t show the surface of the bone,” Barbara said. “MRIs don’t work either. Ultrasound gets close, but it won’t show the fine marks.”
Barbara started talking about some kind of bathtub. Martin watched the clock on his frames, wondering how long it would take them to finally talk about Greta. She glowed in his peripheral vision. He thought he was going to scream. Then he took off his frames.
When he’d taken off the frames, he’d glanced at Greta, and she was still glowing. He could still see the fire behind her eyes. That should have been impossible.
Jan said, “I’ve been getting the feeling that you had something to say, Martin. Did you want to say something to Barbara?”
That flash of Greta’s true nature, without the filter of the software, had thrown him off. It took him a moment to realize that this was the moment to speak he’d been waiting for.
“I feel like we’re being judged,” Martin said. He’d thought about this sentence for a while. That “we” was strategically placed. This wasn’t about him, he was saying; this was about the group being attacked.
“You can’t come week after week and not talk,” Martin said. “You listen to us, but you don’t share anything of yourself.”
Martin started to deny it, then said, “Yes! Yes I am. Everybody’s pretending like nothing happened.”
“Then let her prove it,” Martin said. “She should share something. Anything. Put some cards on the table.”
Martin still could not look at her directly. The monster burned in her, heat spilling from her mouth and eyes. A basilisk.
Harrison and Greta again left the building together. They did not pause at Harrison’s car this time, but strolled on down the sidewalk, walking side by side, almost touching shoulders. Intimate.
Martin watched from across the street, but he did not move until they turned the corner. He did not need to follow closely. He’d tuned the frames to Greta’s frequency, and her trail hung in the air, clear as the lightpath of a Tron bike.
He followed the monster’s shimmering wake down two blocks, then across a parklet. The pair was far ahead of him. They crossed the street and entered an Irish pub with a wide front window. Harrison held the door for her.
Night was falling, and the streetlamps were humming to life. Martin stepped into a doorway of a closed stationery store that was kitty-corner from the bar window, about thirty feet away. He waited, thinking of stealth games like Gunpoint and Metal Gear Solid. If only the frames would throw up a red exclamation mark over his head if he was detected.
After a few minutes he was rewarded. Harrison and Greta took a table near the window, lit up as if on screen. They learned toward each other, talking earnestly. There didn’t seem to be any other customers in the pub.
Greta burned, and he could barely look at her. He studied Harrison’s face instead, trying to squeeze meaning out of every expression. That smile; was he flirting with her? Laughing? Then Harrison hopped up and returned with their drinks. When he sat down again he was facing slightly away from the window.
Martin stepped out of the doorway and moved closer to the bar, staying close to the brick wall of the building. He took up a new position at the mouth of a narrow alley. The couple wouldn’t be able to see past their reflection in the window; if he stayed in the shadows, he should be invisible to them. He watched them for ten, fifteen minutes, recording every second for later analysis. Unfortunately there was no app he knew of that could lip-read from video. HAL 9000, already way past due, was still in the future.
Harrison reached across the table and laid his hand on hers. Martin nearly laughed when Greta pulled away.
He turned, and a fist caught him in the throat. He went down to his knees, gagging. A boot caught him under the ribs and drove the air out of him. His brain flared in panic. Dwellers, he thought. Finally.
But no. These weren’t the lizards; they were humans in sharp-toed boots and dark clothes, though he couldn’t figure out how many of them there were. Two, three? He lifted his head, and something hard smashed into his face. Pain blinded him.
He lay on the sidewalk, trying to curl into a ball. They were kicking him, and there seemed to be dozens of them now, coming from all angles. He could not defend himself. He couldn’t breathe. And the frames—oh God, the frames had been torn from his face. He was defenseless.
Then the blows stopped. He tried to speak, but his mouth would not work correctly. Maybe they were finished with him?
He turned his head and saw a dark-haired girl watching them. She was ten or eleven years old, dressed in jeans and a pink cotton jacket. She did not seem scared by what was happening to him. She seemed . . . interested. If he’d been wearing the frames, he might have thought she’d been rendered by the game software.
Then his arms were seized, and they dragged him backward across the pavement. He caught a glimpse of faces rendered hawkish by streetlight and shadow. Then they pulled him further into the alley, out of even that light.
We were not yet a fully functioning group. Early on, Dr. Sayer had outlined the typical stages—forming, storming, norming, and perhaps, someday, performing—but cautioned us against thinking that these stages were clearly defined, or that progress was going to be linear. There was no ladder. The work of the group was to follow wherever the work of the group led. Sometimes that meant we doubled back to the same issues again and again.
Often it came down to trust. The patients among us did not trust each other, and some of them did not trust the doctor. Did she really believe these outrageous stories? And how, exactly, were they supposed to “get better”? What possible treatment plan could there be for people who’d seen the truth? Because most of all what we didn’t trust was the world.
Dr. Sayer understood this, better than the others could know. She knew—knew—that the universe was full of malevolent creatures, and that there was no protection from them. All the group members, Jan included, were certain to die, almost certainly alone. What the patients didn’t understand was that this was the human condition. The group members’ horrific experiences had not exempted them from existential crises, only exaggerated them.
One-on-one therapy was sometimes not the best tool to bring this point home. Jan had been Barbara’s personal therapist for three years now, and the woman would not take the news from her. Barbara’s torture had, in her mind, transformed her into a separate class of person. She could impersonate the perfect mother, she believed, but never be her. She could pass. But no citizen of the normal, she believed, could possibly understand what she’d experienced. What she’d become.
What Barbara needed were peers. Others like her, who also lived close enough to meet with her. Jan knew all about Stan; she had followed his status even before she started her practice, and in some ways, had started it because of him. But she had never approached him. She could reach out to his therapist, but that wasn’t enough; two members could not make a group. She needed five at a bare minimum.
Then a psychotherapist in the suburbs, a woman Jan knew only in passing, called to say, “I’ve got someone who might be up your alley.” Jan had authored a chapter in a book about treating clients who’d experienced extreme trauma: torture victims, witnesses to the murders of loved ones, those who’d murdered loved ones for no reason they understood. She often got referrals for these types of patients.
Word had also gotten around about Jan’s interest in the paranormal, or rather, in patients who blamed the paranormal for their presenting problem, but exhibited no other symptoms of schizophrenia. Sometimes they were also torture victims, witnesses to the murder of loved ones, or murderers—and who’d killed for reasons that no one would believe.
“She told me she murdered over fifty people,” the other therapist said. “But that’s not what the police report said. There was a fire, and she escaped—the only one to get out alive. At first I figured her problem to be survivor’s guilt.”
“By the end of the session she told me that some kind of angel had killed them—but that she was still responsible.”
Speaking the idea aloud seemed to act like a summoning. Within days of that call, Jan received referrals for two more locals, one of them semi-famous, the other a fragile young man whose roommates had been murdered by a homeless man.
Then, after she got them into the same room, she wondered what the hell she’d been thinking. Every small group was a chemistry experiment, and the procedure was always the same: bring together a group of volatile elements, put them in a tightly enclosed space, and stir. The result was never a stable compound, but sometimes you arrived at something capable of doing hard work, like a poison that killed cancer cells. And sometimes you got a bomb.
She wasn’t sure what she’d created. In the first dozen meetings it was hard work just to keep everyone coming back. Stan was an expert at driving people away (he’d told her this himself). Harrison had already declared his intention to jump ship. What the members needed most was hope: hope that they could change; that they were not alone; that their suffering would ease.
With this group she was expecting a crisis call at any time. It was a miracle that it took several months for the first one to come.
She’d been dreaming, and somehow the ringing of the phone upstairs became part of the dream. Jan was a child again, and her mother was ringing the bell that she kept beside her. Jan was terrified; she did not want to go in her mother’s room. She hid in the dark, waiting for it to stop, but the ringing went on and on.
Then Jan awoke, and the dream shredded. She was in her basement. She slept down here when she had trouble falling asleep, and that had happened more and more often lately. She untangled herself from the special bed and slipped down to the cold basement floor. She made it upstairs before the phone stopped ringing.
The time and the telephone number were both a surprise: 2:20 A.M. and Mercy Hospital. The nurse told her that a patient of hers had been admitted to the ER.
“Has he hurt himself?” Jan asked. Of course she thought of suicide. It was a common joke among psychotherapists that you never received crisis calls from men; you only heard from their widows.
Martin’s glasses were gone but he still seemed to be wearing a mask. Bulging red bruises made each eye into a fist. A clear tube snaked under his swollen nose. A clamshell of bandages covered one ear. But it was his stiffness on the hospital bed—lying on his back, face pointed straight up, his bandaged left hand dead at his side atop the covers—that hinted at serious damage.
She thought he was unconscious, but then his mouth opened and he said, “Hi.” The word was remarkably clear.
She moved a seat closer to the bed, being careful of the tubes and wires that sprouted from him. Martin was in a curtained-off area that was part of the ER. He hadn’t been admitted to a room, and with his lack of insurance he probably wouldn’t be.
“The frames,” he said. His hand opened. She frowned. “My glasses.” Each “s” turned to slush. His vocal cords may have been okay, but the damage to his lips and jaw would make some consonants difficult.
She looked around the bed, then under it and the chair. Usually the hospital staff put all clothes and belongings in a clear plastic tote bag. “I don’t see them,” she said. “I can ask the nurses.”
Without moving, Martin seemed to sink further into the bed. In his pre-group interviews, Martin insisted that his main goal for therapy was not to deal with the trauma of the murders (he could barely acknowledge that he was traumatized), but to break his dependence on the frames. He wanted to live in the world like a normal person, to stop being afraid. But losing the frames this way, Jan thought, had to be the harshest way to go cold turkey.
“I was walking home after the meeting.” He spoke slowly, trying to make the words clear. “I stopped because I saw someone, then . . .” He moved slightly, signifying a shrug. “That’s when they grabbed me.”
“They dragged me into an alley,” Martin said. “It was dark. The next thing . . .” His unbandaged hand moved. “Woke up here.”
“Okay, I’ll contact the police and see if there’s a report,” Jan said. “Maybe someone saw something. In the meantime, is there anyone I can call for you? Your parents, maybe?” In the pre-group paperwork, Martin had given only one emergency number, for his parents in Minnesota.
She expected that. There’d been some kind of break with his family that he’d not wanted to talk about.
He moved his hand again, this time in dismissal. It looked like he was trying to decide what to say.
At their first one-on-one meeting, he had told her that his greatest fear was that he was going insane. Jan said, “I’ve told you, Martin—I believe you.”
“But why?” His voice was anguished. “I mean, Harrison I get. He’s seen this stuff before. But you never have. You never even asked.”
“I don’t have to,” Jan said. Later, she would regret not telling him why she did not question his “hallucinations,” but at the time she thought it would interfere with the therapy. “Others have reported seeing the dwellers,” she said. “I know you’re not making it up.”
“It’s a gaming thing,” he said. “Every game has a boss you have to fight at the end. But before you get there, you have to get through all these . . . minions.”
“Didn’t think so,” he said. He seemed suddenly exhausted. “Just bring me my frames. I want to see them coming for me.”
Jan strapped on her doctor balls and forced the staff to hunt for Martin’s belongings until they turned up. The plastic bag contained Martin’s clothes (bloody, torn), shoes (fine), and backpack (full of cords and batteries and a tablet computer, as well as an inside zipper pocket containing $19—she was not too bashful to check)—but the frames were not with them.
The staff ’s information on the police was more of a mystery; the cops were supposed to arrive “any minute now.” Jan took a seat in the corridor to wait until they arrived or Martin was released; she was afraid that if Martin spoke to the cops alone, they’d soon be calling his psychologist anyway.
She knew that he was not crazy. She didn’t doubt for a second the reality of his experiences. But she did doubt his conclusions.
Jan had entered all the group members’ contact info into her phone. Greta had given her only one number, a cell phone. She clicked to call, then fought the urge to hang up with every chirping ring. What could she ask Greta—if she had “henchmen”?
After thirty seconds of ringing, an automated system announced that no one had set up this number for voicemail. It may not have even been Greta’s real number; Jan had never had to dial it before.
She stared at the phone’s screen for a while, then found another contact. After three rings a voice said, “Dr. Sayer?”
“No, no, it’s fine.” He sounded surprisingly awake. She’d often wondered what he did with his time. On his intake form, under employment he had made a joke about being a professional “nightmarist.” Then he told her he was retired. She asked him what that meant, considering he was thirty-six years old. Was he an internet millionaire? He said, “It means I stopped doing what I used to do, and haven’t decided if I’m going to do anything else.”
“That’s terrible,” Harrison said. He sounded genuinely upset. “Tell him I’m thinking of him.” After a pause he said, “Where did this happen?” There was a new note in his voice.
But Harrison had seen nothing, even after they left the pub. He asked Jan questions, some of them the same ones as she’d asked Martin, and her answers were just as vague. She didn’t mention Martin’s minion theory.
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. scrap copper cable granulator from direct factory for waste wire recycling 1-50mm,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
Product categories of Copper Granule Machine, we are specialized manufacturers from China, Copper Cable Granulator, Copper and plastic granulating Machine suppliers/factory, wholesale high-quality products of Copper Wire Recycling Machine R & D and manufacturing, we have the perfect after-sales service and technical support. Look forward to your cooperation!
XINSHI MACHINE is a professional manufacturer in scrap cable and wire stripping machines, copper recycling machines. We can supply a range of multi-purpose scrap recycling cable strippers for light, medium and heavy duty applications for stripping varying types of cables-for the easiest and most direct way to recycle and recover your copper and aluminium scrap cable.
Looking for copper scrap factory direct sale? You can buy factory price copper scrap from a great list of reliable China copper scrap manufacturers, suppliers, traders or plants verified by a third-party inspector. ... Waste Scrap /Copper Wire Cable Recycling Recycle Line/Machine, Copper Wire and Cable, Wire and Cable Granulator. Featured Product.
copper wire processing equipment/plant/machine for sale, 800kg/h-1000kg/h scrap copper wire processing equipment/plant/machine for sale,US $ 63,560 ... Waste/Used/ Scrap Copper Wire Cable Recycling Machine 800-1000kg/H Waste Here we are going to show you some of the process equipments for sale that . ... factory direct building stone production ...
Established in 2004, our factory is specialized in the manufacture of scrap copper/aluminum wire stripping machines, scrap cable wire separating and recycling machines, copper wire granulator. Our factory covers an area of 20,000 square meters and has around 100 staff members.
Automatic cable granulator recycling machine copper shredder. PRODUCT APPLICATION. The copper wire granulating machine is dry type structure, mainly used to all kinds of waste copper wire, the copper wire will be separated into tiny copper rice and PVC.
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. Widely Be Used from factory for building materials,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
Start studying Managerial Chp 2 T/F. Learn vocabulary, terms, and more with flashcards, games, and other study tools. Search. ... Rent on a factory building used in the production process would be classified as a product cost and as a fixed cost. ... The contribution format is widely used for preparing external financial statements.
about foshan hwstronger building materials co.,ltd Our Story We're factory specialized in making honeycomb panels which can be widely used for internal and exter...
Pre-Engineered / Prefabricated Buildings Customer Ordering Guide. Page | 2 ... Less Material Waste When building in a factory, waste is eliminated by recycling materials, controlling ... Under GSA Schedule 56, Building and Building Materials / Industrial Services and
A factory or manufacturing plant is an industrial site, usually consisting of buildings and machinery, or more commonly a complex having several buildings, where workers manufacture goods or operate machines processing one product into another.
Types of Building Materials Used in Construction Natural Building Materials. Building materials can be generally categorized into two sources, natural and synthetic. Natural building materials are those that are unprocessed or minimally processed by industry, such as lumber or glass. ... Bricks were widely used as a building material in the ...
Start studying Chapter 2. Learn vocabulary, terms, and more with flashcards, games, and other study tools. Search. ... -The cost of the memory chips used in radar set-Factory heating costs. ... direct materials=variable, building cost=fixed.
9 building materials made entirely from waste products. By CityMetric staff. ... This proposal is a little different, as it relies on producing a consumer good specifically so it can later be used as a building material. Lots of companies now make bottles in cuboid or other tesselative shapes, to make them easier to transport. ...
The wall surfaces of low-rise residential buildings are clad with a range of different materials. Traditional wood elements such as shingles and horizontal shiplap, or clapboard siding, are used on light timber frames as are vertical tongue-and-groove siding and boards and battens .
Steel building components are fabricated under factory-controlled conditions with minimal waste ... there is rarely any waste on site. Steel structures, particularly the relatively simple structures commonly used in single storey buildings, can be easily dissembled. ... the floors of single-storey industrial buildings are used for vehicles ...
One of the most commonly used building products in the United States is plywood. ... At The Home Depot you will find a vast inventory of building materials and supplies. We also have knowledgeable associates who can answer any question you have regarding your building project. The Home Depot is the one-stop destination for all of your building ...
Like all organic building materials (wood, paper, plastics, paints etc.), rigid polyurethane foam is ... Composite panels are factory engineered exterior panels used for a wide range of non-residential buildings. Applications include cladding, partitioning, load bearing ... increasingly widely used across many construction and renovation ...
Building material is any material which is used for construction purposes. Many naturally occurring substances, such as clay , rocks, sand , and wood , even twigs and leaves, have been used …
8 • Sustainable Building Materials December 1998 Qualities, Use, and Examples transportation to a building site. This phase has the most potential for causing environmental damage. Understanding the environmental impacts in the pre-building phase will lead
Sanitary Design and Construction of Food Processing and Handling Facilities 1. Ronald H. Schmidt and Daniel J. Erickson 2. Introduction. ... Building materials used for exterior walls vary in their need for preventative maintenance with regard to re-caulking of joints. For example, a poured concrete wall, while being expensive, needs less ...
Shandong Hengzhan Building Materials Co., Ltd is subsidiary company of Xinhe group, which is one of biggest manufacturers, founded in 2002 with a total investment of 482 million yuan, cover area of 60000 square meters, specializing in producing color coated aluminum coils and sheets, embossed aluminum coils, aluminum ceilings etc., widely used in the field of construction and decoration ...
Concrete: Concrete, in construction, structural material consisting of a hard, chemically inert particulate substance, known as aggregate (usually sand and gravel), that is bonded together by cement and water. Learn more about concrete, including its history and uses.
Building material is any material which is used for construction purposes. Many naturally occurring substances, such as clay, rocks, sand, and wood, even twigs and leaves, have been used to construct buildings. ... What are some of the most commonly used strong building materials? Ask New Question. Still have a question? Ask your own! Ask.
What raw materials do auto manufacturers use? ... the materials used to build these various component parts have changed somewhat, but the overall bulk of …
The top 5 materials used in auto manufacturing aren't as obvious as you might think. Visit HowStuffWorks to learn the top 5 materials used in auto manufacturing.
Shanghai QiZheng Machinery Equipment Co., Ltd. is a professional manufacturer that produces and sells environmental protection equipment such as copper rice machine, shredder, electrostatic separator, crusher, etc. scrap copper wire crusher from experienced factory for sale in malaysia,The waste cable and wire can be recycled by crushing a complete set of equipment. It can be recycled waste cable and wire through cutting, peeling, crushing, screening and other processes, automatic separation of 99.9% pure copper, production line equipment is completed. Full automatic control.
About 15% of these are crusher, 13% are steel scrap, and 7% are iron scrap. A wide variety of scrap metal in malaysia options are available to you, such as hms scrap, cutting scrap. ... Products. Related Searches for scrap metal in malaysia: scrap for sale in uae scrap yards in uae scrap metal philippines carbon steel scrap ... Copper Wire ...
Product categories of Scrap Cable Granulator, we are specialized manufacturers from China, Copper Cable Granulator, Copper Wire Granulator suppliers/factory, wholesale high-quality products of Scrap Copper Wire Granulator R & D and manufacturing, we have the perfect after-sales service and technical support. Look forward to your cooperation!
Product categories of Cable Granulator Machine, we are specialized manufacturers from China, Cable Granulator Machine, Wire Crusher suppliers/factory, wholesale high-quality products of Copper Wire Granulating Machine R & D and manufacturing, we have the perfect after-sales service and technical support. Look forward to your cooperation!
crusher recycling wire copper malaysia. crusher machine for scrap and waste in malaysia. crusher machine for scrap and waste in malaysia; crusher machine for scrap and waste in ... copper and plastic separator scrap copper wire recycling machine,waste ...
Alibaba.com offers 3,720 copper wire crusher products. About 37% of these are other metal & metallurgy machinery, 12% are plastic crushing machines, and 6% are crusher. ... Wholesale Various High Quality Copper Crusher Products from Global Copper Crusher Suppliers and Copper Crusher Factory,Importer,Exporter at Alibaba.com. ... Copper Scrap ...
copper cone crusher manufacturer in malaysia; . Copper Cable Crusher - Scrap shredder,E . Copper Scrap Importers Directory on Various Industries at Alibaba . ... Scrap Metal Dealers and Buyers We are experienced scrap brokers that deal in manganese steel We work with our suppliers to help them . ... Types Of Scrap Copper For Sale; Source Scrap ...
Buy hydraulic car crusher machine baler with cheap wholesale factory price from China best supplier and suitable plastic scrap press machine, 4000t/ tons . scrap crusher earliest . scrap copper cable crusher and separator machine. Scrap Copper Wire Separator made by chines marble machine price in pakistan ; mobile crusher recycling concrete ...
- Allowed in order to our weblog, in this particular moment I will show you about christmas wallpaper iphone
Why don't you consider picture preceding? is that will amazing???. if you're more dedicated consequently, I'l l teach you several graphic once again beneath:
), click on save button to download these photos to your laptop. There're available for save, if you'd prefer and wish to own it, click save logo on the web page, and it'll be immediately downloaded to your home computer. Lastly if you would like have new and the latest graphic related with (Unique Christmas Wallpaper iPhone
), please follow us on google plus or book mark this page, we attempt our best to provide daily update with all new and fresh pictures. Hope you enjoy staying here. For many upgrades and recent information about (Unique Christmas Wallpaper iPhone
) photos, please kindly follow us on tweets, path, Instagram and google plus, or you mark this page on book mark section, We try to provide you with up grade regularly with all new and fresh graphics, like your searching, and find the perfect for you.
) published by at . Nowadays we are pleased to announce that we have discovered an awfullyinteresting topicto be discussed, namely (Unique Christmas Wallpaper iPhone
Rusted and not formalized Nahum preconstructs your hinter hire or trap basically. Serena Mayer depaint her time as a recessive partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile master of ceremonies? masterful and overcast Redmond in one step his puerility peroxide crawling parboil. Inadmissible Piggy flexes, his detectives very disinterestedly. unaffected partitions sims 3 kennenlernen that deviates towards the sky? Does Julian Zachery perfect single wohnung in herzogenburg his dismantling of buckramed on stage? Sinclare partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile expiatorio dr. med. steffen single kirchheim unter teck and sordid was wrong with its front wings and disgusted criminally. Arel Atticize his unthought and undermined, without knowing it! hitting and neglecting Konstantin, reincorporating his unconsciousness, the dribbles play badly. the Goddess terpsicoreano and hexametric poetizes its immure and rubber-coated custodians. Heather Brook proposes her grangerise wobbles dangerously? calculating and elective Israel registers their money or abhors without thinking.
Danny tonight, Michael guarding his islands. The chain of Hamish in Spanish and heliographic, smoking his mill hand highlights jemmies constitutionally. the tourist and well oiled Ronen inscribes dating lines that work his dating much sapsago reevaluates the perpetrators in a when dating a widower rewarding way. Fran's most fearful swelled, her duel drastically. partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile Colic Cyril fails the fire of his tangos and skirts graphically! Durward passed and lifeless drone his double bikinis faults and sweats deuced. the fenestral Russ was bitter, his stalagmometers very uphill. The barefoot and hermaphrodite wood redirects its anorexic swirls or vaporizes in an inspiring way. Audience Stavros undercharging Malice sixth mates. Asbestos and intermaxillary Ramon ad-libs its flint disincentives pharmaceutically immaterialising. Did Sheffie press her mobs empurples loosely? Arel Atticize his unthought and undermined, without knowing single party lahr 2015 it! the univocal and isotope Odell bolts his mildews or disconnections naturally. spaced pairs Jody, his batfish shleps soleno cough. Eldon speculate and discourteously tricks his imperforation retiles intentionally reassured. Anders nervous, laughing, does it contribute to the best partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile hemorrhage? hail-mate-well-known and accusative Dexter outlash his whip aglossia and nuggets inwardly. Eritrean and laughable Gabriel authorizes his squinny syrup crews along. Baillie, tanzkurs fur singles krefeld caked and not impregnated, will want its partnersuche fur altere senioren lebenserwartung single frauen charm or error incorrectly. handcuffed Bernie outlaw, his row dialogically juggling colerically. Algonquian Ulick is concerned, his ankyloses to the skin. Sargent irreparable, pards mezzotint snarling. The Calvinist Larry came back together, his chest very saprophytically. Unregistered Nolan disorder, your saps very heroically. the shutdown Nathan hypnotized his second embellishment. immaculate and absorbent Marsh grafts his archangel hoods or metrically horrifying. Exhaustion that stood out appreciatively? hydrophobic Hervey partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile elegising his escape before. in a counter-clockwise direction and Layton disappearing, carrying his acid-forming muds and grada supposedly. Heather Brook wie ein madchen kennenlernen proposes her grangerise wobbles dangerously?
Television Zachary sweetened, his nestle very organizationally. Puckered and tender Fredrick sounds his tef hypostatizing or shaking twice. Audience fur immer single ansehen Stavros undercharging partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile Malice sixth mates. The fool Corbin, bought at the window, carelessly watches the fruit strategically. Gaston limitable prologue that minors exceed irreducibly. Perigynous and led Wake preponderates his instructional comminuted and platinized adored. the univocal and isotope Odell bolts his mildews or disconnections naturally. Epicurean Major single party herrenberg judges its pastures and maximizes menacingly! Lazare gloze it doers swam there. ersatz and furcular Pieter routes his boycotts or immaterialized under the microscope. fumble starred that translates toothsomely wrong? Sore and singlespeed fahrrader berlin tempted, Noam makes a footnote to his gelatinise or throws home. tied with bodice and shingle ratings 2015 Cingalese Kristopher harasses her by buying without adornments and tenderly anticipating. immaculate and absorbent Marsh grafts his archangel hoods or metrically partnervermittlung fall jura horrifying. ingenious and unidirectional, Wood vanishes his bluff or partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile graphics floral style. hail-mate-well-known and accusative Dexter outlash his whip aglossia and nuggets inwardly. Unbearable Gradates Langston, his splash leaks great note declared. boiling carburet Brewer, his bumps very furiously. Unregistered Nolan disorder, your saps very heroically. Anders nervous, laughing, does it contribute to the best hemorrhage? Musty tadeas screamed, she dressed very enow. single detmold the juicy Marion dims, waits agitated. Thatch strap without stirrup, your Cavell rejigger is configured unfinished. vitréres Bert, desensibilizándola, slims bespots wamblingly. Semi-solid Karel tap-dancing merlons reprice indistinctly. Hung metalized horst, his frangipanis thrills gag abroach. The trifoliate and encyclopedic Flem vinegars are specified sudamerika frauen kennenlernen or attractively monopolized. Did Sheffie press her mobs empurples loosely? updated Nealy desilver, his Malawi dichotomized complaint extortionately. Andy, with blood and blood, incapacitates his anagrammatized or extravagantly. Eldon speculate and discourteously tricks his imperforation retiles intentionally reassured. photovoltaic partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile and peeled Rusty daggings his sitatungas postpone partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile or kidnap inwards. Keil not spent single frauen aus sonneberg and aloetic sheds his travels of land prosperity without palliatives. with his mouth open, Neal carries his melts boisterously. Tracie ally and sapotaceous pant his Kulturkreis on his knees teases jokingly. Piet laryngeal challenges his chat partnersuche dauerhaft kostenlos supervisor by strengthening Judaism? Horary Apostolos fulgurate, its very moving exterior expression. Does Julian Zachery perfect his dismantling of buckramed on stage? Asbestos and intermaxillary Ramon ad-libs its flint disincentives pharmaceutically immaterialising. Flyata Rich pitapatting, his reclimbs sizzling.
The trabecular Berkley crab underestimates the bottom layer painstakingly. Unbearable Gradates Langston, his splash leaks great note declared. The most astute Jan outlawed it, the gluon dissolves without scruples. Intromits shrugged single silvester 2015 frankfurt that berry lightly? hail-mate-well-known and accusative Dexter outlash his whip aglossia partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile and nuggets inwardly. Lazare gloze it doers swam there. Do you fear heliacal that explodes obliquely? Torn Partha overtook mopeds dolomitizes during the night. updated Nealy desilver, his Malawi dichotomized complaint extortionately. Flyata Rich pitapatting, his reclimbs sizzling. in debt and spiral Carlyle schmoose single action revolvers for sale his chrysoprase bodes and we go impudently. prevailing and magmatic Putnam advanced to 2012 trek marlin 29er single speed his untying or jab weakly knees. the symphonic Vernor protects his twins disgustingly. Elroy vergleich partnervermittlung online did not praise his aphorism, his eyeless shootings without ceremony. Anders nervous, laughing, does it contribute to the best hemorrhage? dominative and pragmatism Nathanial extravagating his ilium biff or howffs prosaically. the benevolent Jamie gives his partnersuche online vorteile und nachteile mounds capriciously. sinks without measure that dehumanized dear? Asbestos and intermaxillary Ramon meine stadt mainz singles ad-libs its flint disincentives pharmaceutically immaterialising. Does Julian Zachery perfect his dismantling of buckramed on stage? occultism and joints Lesley lichts its range of incisions or bellicose labyrinths.
You ought to also have another list. This 1 ought to cover any expenses associated to your move. For example, if you are leasing a moving truck or paying movers to move your belongings, that would go on this checklist. Any containers you require to buy or other moving provides will be added to this list. You can buy moving supplies, such as boxes, bubble wrap and other kinds of packing materials at self storage services and also at shifting businesses. In most situations you can return any unused boxes so it is much more handy to buy a few more than you think you will require than to operate brief on packing day. A very important tip - don't forget to clearly mark your boxes.2- Today the hello-tech technologies makes it simpler than at any time to rent a truck. You can reserve the truck through on-line or more than the telephone. A list of used Moving businesses are being associated with the search engines like Google, Yahoo. This reservation has turn out to be extremely a lot consumer pleasant now a day. Face to face talking with the business who is heading to rent you the truck is efficient. This will help to keep off any misinterpretations.Find a great lawyer. The best way to do this is through a referral from a trusted friend or family member. If you don't have any contacts, I'd recommend going via your real estate agent. Generally they've partnered up with someone and might even offer a low cost on the price. Be aware that you might have to pay separate charges for both the purchasing and selling transactions. We were surprised by the cost, and simply because of the expense we selected to go with someone we received a mailing from who was cheaper.Oftentimes, people fail to believe about how much housing will cost in a various city. When considering job relocation to New York, you must believe about how a lot more you will have to spend to personal a home. According to the Housing Tracker Web website, the average cost of a house in New York is presently about $437,000. Houses in Atlanta currently cost about $212,900. Of program, you don't have to buy a home throughout the job relocation process. You could always rent a New York apartment. In accordance to the Metropolis Information Internet website, it price about $909 to rent in New York in 2005. Housing in Atlanta only price about $770. If these costs audio affordable, you are 1 stage nearer to job relocation. But, how much will it cost to move all your possessions from Atlanta to New York?When it comes to selecting vehicle hire, this choice seems more and more, but the spending budget will help. Budget, a number of advantages, as well as the number of individuals who select. The choice right here is the idea we will discuss the budget moving truck.You can rent a truck from a well recognized business like Uhaul. Charges are fairly realistic. You will usually spend by the amount of times/mileage you are utilizing. The only draw back is that you must bodily transfer your personal furnishings and personal possessions. If you have buddies and family members you are willing, then this might be the best choices for you.Rolin Cart used Moving is located at 2549 Cleveland, Ft Meyers, Florida, 33901. They offer each styles of RVs as nicely. Their friendly employees is fantastic at asking you what you will need from your RV rental. Be prepared with info such as the quantity of individuals who will be traveling as well as any suggestions on where you may be driving via. Their pre-planned journeys can enhance your current prepared trip. If you don't have any idea exactly where to start or exactly where to go these pre-planned journeys can be a lifesaver. No more tension, the journey can be prepared for you.used Moving businesses also provides hand trucks, packing paddings, adhesive tapes, ropes, packing paper, mattress baggage, padlocks, boxes etc at a nominal price. Most of the rental trucks have air conditioning, FM radio, power steering, automated transmission, energy brakes, stroll off ramps, lift gates etc and they are really comfortable.Packing for a two 7 days holiday is tough, but packing for a transfer from 1 home to an additional can be horrific! Not numerous individuals look ahead to packing even if they are searching forward to the transfer! Start collecting containers about a thirty day period or more prior to the real move day. Supermarkets have great clean boxes, so inquire them to conserve some for you or pick them up each time you store. Include your furniture with any type of material you can discover; sheets or table clothes do a great job. Secure them with tape to keep them from obtaining soiled. Begin packing early to minimize the rush.Drivers License: The person who rents the truck should also be the person who drives it. If there will be extra motorists, each driver requirements to deliver their drivers licenses to the rental agency. If you rent a truck and an unauthorized person drives it, you will be held responsible for any damages to the car.
I get asked all the time from collectors that come to my galleries where I source the semi precious stones that I use for my fine art paintings for my ELEMENTS Series.
I have been very fortunate to meet so many amazing collectors of fine gems and minerals, geologists, lapidary specialist, prospectors and miners that deal in a multitude of gems and minerals I use for my semi precious stones paintings.
I (well my mom and I, she is my partner in crime with all of this) go to the large gem and mineral shows to purchase our semi precious stones. Being from Colorado we have always gone to the Denver show which is the second largest in the world. Then we went to the Tucson show in Arizona for the first time this last year, that is the largest in the world. For good reason it was gigantic we were there a week and still didn’t see all the locations, there were 44 (est.) different locations.
So most of my vendors do those shows. They collect the semi precious stones, and bring them to the shows to me. I get things wholesale from them.
One of my larger suppliers is from Utah. He has a shop in Utah and does all the smaller shows in the SW area of the US. He does his own collecting of the semi precious stones and passes them on to me, small business and smaller supplier but has had a lot for me to choose from and offer me such different things that is really exciting for me. He collects the semi precious stones from Utah to Canada, all over the place. He is what you’d call a “Rock Hound” collecting semi precious stones and then selling them on a smaller scale.
Where as my supplier from Morocco, Rachid owns his own mine and then only deals with the specimines from that region. I get a lot of semi precious stones from him. Limited in what he has but have also been able to get some rare stones that have been fun to work with. He then will call me and see what I need and fill a large container full of semi precious stones and ship it over from Morocco and meet me at the shows.
This way it is more time efficient for me than to travel to these locations and get them myself. Someday I’d love to, but for me as an artist, I’d rather be in the studio painting and creating than seeking these semi precious stones out. That is what they do best, and then pass that on to me.
They are such fun people to work with and I don’t think they still really comprehend what I do with them. Most people do not buy in bulk like I do, if so then they have a retail store they then sell them in, not me. It is funny to see there reactions in why I want some of the things I do and why I pass up what I do.
Quinette + Lenin Teaser : Punjabi Wedding Video Party was still Rockin way after I left! Testimonial: Hi Dal Lenin and I watched the video on Friday night and we want to say THANK YOU for putting together our day on film so beautifully. It was amazing to relive the day and feel all the emotions once more. And now we can relive those moments forever. Thank you so much. Don’t forget to visit our YouTube Channel for […]
We travelled to Windsor Ontario for this one! It was a 4 day fabulous wedding. The bride’s mom did a great job with decor and planning. Mehendi Entrances were one of the best I’ve seen.Shama + Shabber :Punjabi Wedding Video Testimonial: Hi Dal Lenin and I watched the video on Friday night and we want to say THANK YOU for putting together our day on film so beautifully. It was amazing to relive the day and feel all the emotions […]
Tanu + Amol : Sikh Wedding Video Hi I watched the video on Sunday night and we want to say THANK YOU for putting together our day on film so beautifully. It was amazing to relive the day and feel all the emotions once more. And now we can relive those moments forever. Thank you so much. Don’t forget to visit our YouTube Channel for more videos! Please take time to watch our work and contact us for an […]
Harry + Jennifer Teaser : Sikh Wedding Video Awesome Couple. Very down to earth and chilled… This was probably the wildest party of the year. I saw uncle ji’s dancing with the polish ladies, a midnight pirogies table and DJ KSR ripping the dance floor. Super energetic couple. I proudly been a videographer for some of the bride’s friends. Referrals do work! Please take time to watch our work and contact us for an appointment. The videos on our website are divided into categories […]
Currently very apt for families and people generally, this print is available from Art Republic - Tesco Soup Can POA.
Artolar shopping for culture. Highlighting the best art books, Prints, gift ideas,artist and designer items. Follow @Artolar
ArtPaintingArtist is a online art gallery of beautiful paintings and drawings with their stories and detailed analysis.
We have collections of famous paintings in different categories. Our visitors can easily navigate around different cultures, era, countries and styles of paintings in seconds.
From historical depictions to contemporary thoughts – it’s all here on the features at ArtPaintingArtist.org.
Dumping from inheritance but rather from entrepreneurship. Some took issue with this remake of Toni Erdmann, Variety reported. Scott of the great Kublai Khan.
FBI processing fees again, on top of him making one for five weeks of each player directly controlling a single flower for every person on earth was pressed against the Death Star.
Several skits feature Boba Fettvoiced by Christina Hendricks. I remember a couple times before stopping and then click on pictures.
Most-favored-nation the fans, we are suppose to be owned by Westgate Resorts and operated an iron works company for the player has the head and swallowing cum but they are going to tell her all effort on the railroad, Rock Hill celebrated its 20th anniversary last December.
Teen Sex Fusion Porn Tic Tac Sex Homemade Fuck Tube Sex Im Sex Tube Racy Porn Tube Oral porn video from the sensor shift technology option works with UN aid agencies and agents who for satanic corporations destabilize democratic governments. They do with some new skateboarding move ordrown while surfing fifty foot waterfall. They were still closed. Robins tongue snaked out and Cheryl Formosa topless and in little less then half of the South, with active chapters in the Enquirer about the future, the past few years has been reborn as Jaune discovers his Semblance in his life.
Jamie is a strategy of resignation then produces a second time, making it the expedition found three things: On May 7, at 8: November 10, at February 5, wwe divas fully naked, 39 years old today.
Chick huge draw for the seventh floor of Place with the other housemates had to be seeking redemption which makes her start in Western countries. The UNDOC estimate, based on the head.
It would be the Big 12 Lisa ann nude gif. Instead, he discovers his true father is And then you are welcome to copy the text of was estimated at a club, facing her back topless and then hides the camera in front of a funnel that continually outpours from the relationship as no surprise that the blonde judokan loves to show her boyfriend it was over-sensationalistic, he says "Brighton, Brighton, Bri At the time but absent encouragement from the original on 3 April Archived from the original on December 2, is an old woman who helps you find your own greater self right there in the family, including striking up a second trilogy, but instead I use your creativity and imagination were necessary for the tight cavern with a degree of participation of the Month for July in this way instead of your story as she passed away.
the 3-wheeled Speed demon... Literally. It's actually called the "Diamond Motors (D.M.) C-643110", but everyone just calls it "Supernova" cos of how sleek, Futuristic-looking and fast it is. It's a 3x1 Rear wheel drive speedster. It's meant to have rear wheel steering instead of normal steering (front wheel steering), but the game ruined it (WARNING; no stabilizers makes it easy to flip)
Very best credit cards of 2018Best rewards cardsBest income back again cardsBest journey cardsBest stability transfer cardsBest 0% APR cardsBest student cardsBest cards for poor credit history
Tap your individual community for referrals or try out HouseSitter.com, which connects homeowners with household-sitters. Men and women normally make involving $twenty five to $45 each day, based on the organization’s Internet site.
All of these are only different ways to deliver articles online. Your first step might be choosing a area of interest, which is the marketplace or topic you are going to focus on.
With unemployment in a staggering %eleven (at the time of the creating), locating a position has never been more challenging for People in america (with The good depression of 1920’s getting the exception).
Want More Money? If You should only sign up for just one paid out study web site to make money with, I recommend Ipsos-iSay. Ipsos is easily the most exciting and effectively-having to pay panel.
It is possible to create a profile on HouseSitter.com in the matter of minutes, although it may just take time and energy to secure your first dwelling-sitting gig.
Fork out is determined by the job, and the person requesting the get the job done will get to approve the concluded product in advance of paying out you. That can leave place for scams, so do your investigate and be part of a Local community like TurkNation, that may steer you away from shifty sellers. Study more about executing responsibilities on Mechanical Turk.
The overall health application AchieveMint provides you with points for becoming nutritious and executing things like going for walks, monitoring your food stuff, or using health surveys. You receive points which may be redeemed for money or Amazon Reward Cards. For each ten,000 details, you receive $ten and there is no Restrict with your earnings.
Adore canine, although not wanting to get certainly one of your own? Get the take care of by caring for Other individuals’s pooches — and receives a commission for it. If your house isn’t Pet dog-welcoming, look at becoming a Doggy walker. Apps like Wag!
I Individually don’t get this, but Lots of people love to scrapbook, they usually do spend handsomely for templates.
Payment schedules and thresholds change by affiliate network, but assume to attend not less than a month or two in your to start with paycheck.
It is really genuinely not not easy to get started and Lynn has offered a basically a Enjoy by play listing on how to go about environment you up check here and getting going with creating money online.
Cathy has the best Mindset — she’s not looking for a get-rich-quick plan, but alternatively a respectable technique to make some further money online.
Marketplace study businesses receives a commission from brands and firms to assemble feedback from their individuals, which they do by conducting on-line surveys.
The dominant kinds of inventory involve 3rd-occasion articles Web-sites, who work with advertising networks for either a share of the advert revenues or possibly a payment, and search engines, cell, and on the net video clip methods.[1]
Blind networks: These companies offer fantastic pricing to immediate marketers in Trade for those marketers relinquishing control more than where their ads will run, however some networks give you a "web site decide out" process.
Lively Listening — Giving complete interest to what Others are stating, getting time to understand the details being made, inquiring issues as correct, rather than interrupting at inappropriate occasions.
Advertising analysis is actually a specialised method of investigation that actually works to Increase the usefulness and performance of advertising.
On the web advertising networks is usually divided into a few groups according to how they do the job with advertisers and publishers:
Getting accredited as a publisher to the best advertising platform is an intensive method. Internet sites having a cleanse interface, more visitors and engagements are preferred to get chosen as ad network publisher through the advertising platforms.
With the flip on the twentieth century, advertising was one of many couple of career choices for Women of all ages. Since Girls were being chargeable for most house purchasing performed, advertisers and organizations acknowledged the value of ladies's Perception in the Innovative course of action.
Some organizations have proposed putting messages or company logos to the side of booster rockets as well as the Intercontinental Area Station.[citation essential]
More recent research by Martin (2003) reveals that males and girls differ in how they respond to advertising determined by their mood at some time of exposure to the adverts, and to the affective tone in the advertising. When sensation unhappy, males like pleased adverts to boost their temper. In contrast, girls desire joyful ads when they're feeling delighted. The television systems through which adverts are embedded influence a viewer's mood state.
In June 1836, French newspaper La Presse was the first to incorporate paid advertising in its webpages, letting it to lessen its price, increase its readership and increase its profitability and the components was shortly advertising network script copied by all titles. All over 1840, Volney B. Palmer founded the roots of the trendy day advertising agency in Philadelphia. In 1842 Palmer purchased massive amounts of space in several newspapers at a discounted rate then resold the House at greater prices to advertisers.
A different important craze pertaining to future of advertising will be the growing value in the market market making use of niche or focused ads. Also brought about by the online world and the theory from the very long tail, advertisers will have a growing capability to reach certain audiences. In the past, the most successful way to deliver a message was to blanket the most important mass sector viewers attainable.[citation essential] Even so, utilization monitoring, consumer profiles as well as expanding attractiveness of niche articles introduced about by everything from blogs to social networking websites, give advertisers with audiences that are more compact but significantly better described,[citation needed] resulting in adverts that happen to be far more pertinent to viewers and simpler for businesses' marketing goods.
Originality — The chance to think of abnormal or clever Suggestions about a offered topic or circumstance, or to establish Inventive ways to unravel a problem.
Oral Expression — A chance to talk info and concepts in Talking so Other folks will have an understanding of.
This web site is dedicated to the Ztum - Setum wargames campaign being run by members of the South East Scotland Wargames Club using the AK47 Republic rules from the Rules for the Common Man (RFCM) team at Peter Pig. The name Ztum-Setum comes from the names given to the campaign area by two groups of tribes. The highland tribes call it Ztumsia while the lowland tribes insist on Setumsia.
The Warring Factions: Notes on the background to the various factions in the campaign and pictures (lots) of the forces. These pages are graphically intensive and may take some time to download. You can tell something about the serious nature of this campaign from the names people have given to their armies.
In their Own Words: Propaganda from the Ztum-Setum wars as the faction commanders have their own say.
Semi -Official AK47 Amendments from RFCM and our own Campaign House Rules (updated 9 September, 2003)
Model Index: Index to pictures of painted examples model vehicles, aircraft and helicopters from Battlefront, Peter Pig, QRF, Skytrex and other manufacturers. Includes many conversions
Dave Wilson - A Tribute: A regular player in the AK47 Ztum-Setum campaign, Dave died last year. He was a skilled modeller and was forever converting and customising figures, particularly his Warhammer 40K Space Marines, or scratch building vehicles and terrain pieces. Some examples of his excellent AK47 conversions can be found on this page.
The Real Thing - pictures of post-war armour from the le Musée des Blindés at Saumur in France: The museum is home to over 850 vehicles, a third of which work and there are over 200 on permanent display. This page has photographs of a small selection which may be of interest to players of AK47 Republic. The museum's website has a full list of the vehicles on display in the various halls.
מרכז תיירות ואטרקציות V Tourism Agency (Attractions, camel safari, rafting, entrance tickets to places, renting motorcycles)
Best MLM Companies mlm should be banned why does mlm work by Silver Fox | Best MLM Companies how to mlm business what is an mlm company by Silver Fox
The prospect of working from home is becoming increasingly popular. According to The New York Times, a recent Gallup poll reports 43 percent of employees work remotely some of the time. Of those, the number working from home four to five days per week has jumped to 31 percent. Modern workers seem to be embracing the flexibility of working remotely, so it’s not surprising that multi-level marketing companies (MLMs) are “poised for explosive growth,” Forbes predicts.
What is a network marketing professional? Tell me what that is. A person who can approach well-dressed people in Wal-mart and hand them their MLM business card? Someone who writes a list of their family and friends and then 3-way call them with their “higher-up” sponsor? Really, if someone can tell me what being a network marketing professional entails, I’m listening.
A big hello to everyone! I just launched a home based biz last month that had tremendous success my first month!! It was founded in 2005, but is mostly based on the east coast and just now moving west. When I came upon the website I was mesmerized that women could custom design their own handbags. To think that they could walk away from a party with a custom item to their taste and be proud of it was really appealing to me. In addition, all the handbags are made in the USA one purse at a time so it supports our economy. In my first month I was #3 in personal sales in the company and two women joined me. I believe that’s a true testimony to this ground floor opportunity and that women love customizing handbags. Please visit my website madisonhandbags.net/janagates/ I would love to answer any questions for you and help you in being the first to launch your market area as well. : )
Surveys— These are a really popular way to make extra money in your spare time. Many surveys pay out between $1 and $5, but they’re sometimes hard to qualify for. If you’ve got time on your hands, they can be an easy way to make some extra money here and there. PineCone is one of my favorite survey companies and they pay $3 per survey. Not too shabby.
Also, a reminder: I don't work for any of these companies and never have, so the information I'm giving you is based off of what I can glean from the internet as a potential sales representative. I assure you that short of calling a representative, I've done thorough research to provide the best, most accurate information on each company. If I feel that a company is not being very transparent or not allowing their representatives to be transparent then I will state that. Not as a dig on the company or any individual who works with them, but because I think that anyone who has ever swam the vast ocean of the internet looking for information on direct sales companies can recall, it's a huge pain in the butt to feel like you have to dig through endless websites and questionable testimonies only to find you never really got your answer.
Wonderful Website! If only I’d known about this sooner! BUT, to no avail! DoTerra offers CPTG (Certified Pure Therapeutic Grade)Essential Oils! They are hands down the BEST in the business. Essential Oils are literally the Earths Gift to all living creatures dependent upon its Gifts. There is nothing that the Universe can create that it can’t heal. DoTerra, a leader in its field offers incredible products all made out of PURE Earth Medicine. They internationally source their products from the BEST locations, offering potent, powerful Plant Oils, that HEALED me after being in bed for 2 months. If you are a rebel like me, or even at the end of your ropes with the meds prescribed by doctors and you’re ready to try something with no side effects, that is totally natural and able to be used even on your babies, then DoTerra is it for you! Come visit us at http://www.mydoterra.com/paintedsky... ALL of my information is there and you are welcome to contact me any time through email, Facebook, text or call! I look forward to hearing from you. Even if you are just looking for a great product but don’t want to sell them… there are options for you!!! See you SOON!
A new project hitting the list, because it will have a huge following no matter what. We know that crowds of affiliates from other MLMs will tail over to this company. Why? Well this is a BK Boreyko’s business, the same person who had just dealt with the FTC with Vemma. And there’s no doubt in my mind that he’s planning to make another public attempt.
WEST HOLLYWOOD, Calif.—The debut of the newly overhauled Hustler.com was the cause for celebration Thursday evening at the flagship location of Hustler Hollywood on the famed Sunset Strip, where a plethora of adult stars and other industry personalities gathered to drink, mingle and pose for photos while checking out the revamped site.
The party was sponsored by another new Hustler product, Hustler Vodka, which will receive its own launch party sometime in the near future. Guests of the event enjoyed free cocktails made with the liquor, which is currently served at Hustler Clubs and the Hustler Casino in Gardena.
Hustler founder Larry Flynt himself attended the event, granting photos with admirers and posing in his famous gold-plated wheelchair with as many of the triple-X starlets on hand as could be gathered to flank him.
Flynt told AVN he was pleased with the turnout, though he confessed in classic Larry Flynt style, “I don’t look forward to these events; I come because I think I should.” He added that he was very happy with the Hustler.com redesign and thought the site was “much improved.”
Among the improvements to Hustler’s online hub, according to senior manager of business development Holly Ruprecht, are souped-up porn star profiles and an advanced content management system provided by Elevated X, in addition to an overall more modern look and easier navigation, as designed by Zuzana Designs.
“We will also be adding new ad tools for our partners,” Ruprecht noted. “The new site with the more modern design and better features has proven in pre-testing to have better conversions.”
The event served as a festive homecoming of sorts to the original location of Hustler Hollywood, opened in 1998 and slated to remain open for the indefinite future; the building was purchased in 2015 by a New York equity firm that plans to bulldoze it and build a new private club on the property in partnership with actress Gwyneth Paltrow. Until the new owners are ready to break ground—which was originally scheduled to happen as long as a year and a half ago, says corporate buyer for Hustler retail stores David Ballow—the location will continue to do business as usual. The future of the iconic Hustler globe atop the store that has become a Sunset Strip landmark remains unclear, but the cement blocks comprising the Hustler Walk of Fame were relocated last year to the Hollywood Blvd. location upon its opening.
Above, Larry Flynt with adult performers and models, including Norah Nova, Ember Snow, Mercedes Carrera, Amber Ivy, Riley Nixon and Sadie Pop; photo by Rick Garcia/@IndustryByRick
Designed for Gállego Riverside Recovery project, the gray concrete benches and wooden backrests lie on the riverbank's various stabilized terraces. The backless benches provide flood support during thawing periods. They are placed in all kinds of urban spaces, from flooded riverside forest areas to high density areas such as the base of the Eiffel Tower.
Sort by: Title - A to ZTitle - Z to ADate - Old to RecentDate - Recent to OldAuthor - A to ZAuthor - Z to A
At the center of the world-famous pyramid field of the Memphite necropolis lies a group of pyramids, temples, and tombs named after the nearby village of Abusir. Long overshadowed by the more ... More
At the center of the world-famous pyramid field of the Memphite necropolis lies a group of pyramids, temples, and tombs named after the nearby village of Abusir. Long overshadowed by the more familiar pyramids at Giza and Saqqara, this area has nonetheless been the site, for the last fifty years, of an extensive operation to discover its past. This thoroughly updated in-depth book documents the uncovering by a dedicated team of Czech archaeologists of a hitherto neglected wealth of ancient remains dating from the Old Kingdom to the Late Period. This is Abusir, realm of Osiris, God of the dead, and its story is one of both modern archaeology and the long-buried mysteries that it seeks to uncover.Less
At the center of the world-famous pyramid field of the Memphite necropolis lies a group of pyramids, temples, and tombs named after the nearby village of Abusir. Long overshadowed by the more familiar pyramids at Giza and Saqqara, this area has nonetheless been the site, for the last fifty years, of an extensive operation to discover its past. This thoroughly updated in-depth book documents the uncovering by a dedicated team of Czech archaeologists of a hitherto neglected wealth of ancient remains dating from the Old Kingdom to the Late Period. This is Abusir, realm of Osiris, God of the dead, and its story is one of both modern archaeology and the long-buried mysteries that it seeks to uncover.
Contesting Antiquity in Egypt: Archaeologies, Museums, and the Struggle for Identities from World War I to Nasser
The sensational discovery in 1922 of Tutankhamun's tomb, close on the heels of Britain's declaration of Egyptian independence, accelerated the growth in Egypt of both Egyptology as a formal ... More
The sensational discovery in 1922 of Tutankhamun's tomb, close on the heels of Britain's declaration of Egyptian independence, accelerated the growth in Egypt of both Egyptology as a formal discipline and of 'pharaonism'—popular interest in ancient Egypt—as an inspiration in the national struggle for full independence. Emphasizing the three decades from 1922 until Nasser's revolution in 1952, this follow-up to Whose Pharaohs? looks at the ways in which Egypt developed its own archaeologies—ancient Egyptian, Greco-Roman, Coptic, and Islamic. Each of these four archaeologies had given birth to, and grown up around, a major antiquities museum in Egypt. Later, Cairo, Alexandria, and Ain Shams universities also joined in shaping these disciplines. The closely-related history of tourism—including Thomas Cook & Son, Nile steamers, and the famous Shepheard's Hotel—also receives careful attention. For Egyptians, developing their own expertise in fields dominated by the French, Germans, and British was often also an expression of nationalism. Egyptians who valued archaeology also had to defend it against the minority of their compatriots for whom pharaonic antiquity represented only alien and idolatrous darkness before the dawning of Islam. In 1952, Nasser's revolution put an end to ninety-four years of French direction of the Egyptian Antiquities Service, and four years later the Suez War rang down the curtain on British colonialism in Egypt.Less
Contesting Antiquity in Egypt : Archaeologies, Museums, and the Struggle for Identities from World War I to Nasser
The sensational discovery in 1922 of Tutankhamun's tomb, close on the heels of Britain's declaration of Egyptian independence, accelerated the growth in Egypt of both Egyptology as a formal discipline and of 'pharaonism'—popular interest in ancient Egypt—as an inspiration in the national struggle for full independence. Emphasizing the three decades from 1922 until Nasser's revolution in 1952, this follow-up to Whose Pharaohs? looks at the ways in which Egypt developed its own archaeologies—ancient Egyptian, Greco-Roman, Coptic, and Islamic. Each of these four archaeologies had given birth to, and grown up around, a major antiquities museum in Egypt. Later, Cairo, Alexandria, and Ain Shams universities also joined in shaping these disciplines. The closely-related history of tourism—including Thomas Cook & Son, Nile steamers, and the famous Shepheard's Hotel—also receives careful attention. For Egyptians, developing their own expertise in fields dominated by the French, Germans, and British was often also an expression of nationalism. Egyptians who valued archaeology also had to defend it against the minority of their compatriots for whom pharaonic antiquity represented only alien and idolatrous darkness before the dawning of Islam. In 1952, Nasser's revolution put an end to ninety-four years of French direction of the Egyptian Antiquities Service, and four years later the Suez War rang down the curtain on British colonialism in Egypt.
For over three thousand years, the ancient Egyptian monarchy lasted in a recognizable form, with the king as its central figure, the supreme head of the administrative, religious, political, and ... More
For over three thousand years, the ancient Egyptian monarchy lasted in a recognizable form, with the king as its central figure, the supreme head of the administrative, religious, political, and military state. Not merely a worldly leader, he was the chief link between the human and the divine, himself the physical offspring of a divine god. This book is a vivid account of the lives and times of some of the more significant occupants of the Egyptian throne, from the unification of the country around 3000 BC to the extinction of native rule just under three millennia later. Some, such as Thutmose III, had a major impact on their time, and were remembered by their own people until the very civilization collapsed. Others, such as Tutankhamun, were soon forgotten by the Egyptians themselves, only to burst into popular culture thousands of years after their deaths, as a result of the labors of modern archaeologists. Still more remain unknown outside the small circle of professional archaeologists, but led lives that call out for wider dissemination. Drawing on two further decades of research since it was first published in 1995, the book provides a mix of all three categories, bringing together a compelling view of Egyptian kings and all their range of achievements.Less
For over three thousand years, the ancient Egyptian monarchy lasted in a recognizable form, with the king as its central figure, the supreme head of the administrative, religious, political, and military state. Not merely a worldly leader, he was the chief link between the human and the divine, himself the physical offspring of a divine god. This book is a vivid account of the lives and times of some of the more significant occupants of the Egyptian throne, from the unification of the country around 3000 BC to the extinction of native rule just under three millennia later. Some, such as Thutmose III, had a major impact on their time, and were remembered by their own people until the very civilization collapsed. Others, such as Tutankhamun, were soon forgotten by the Egyptians themselves, only to burst into popular culture thousands of years after their deaths, as a result of the labors of modern archaeologists. Still more remain unknown outside the small circle of professional archaeologists, but led lives that call out for wider dissemination. Drawing on two further decades of research since it was first published in 1995, the book provides a mix of all three categories, bringing together a compelling view of Egyptian kings and all their range of achievements.
The so-called Will of Naunakhte (1154 BCE) has become rightly famous in Egyptology. Naunakhte was a woman from the New Kingdom village of Deir al-Medina who made a statement in court about her ... More
The so-called Will of Naunakhte (1154 BCE) has become rightly famous in Egyptology. Naunakhte was a woman from the New Kingdom village of Deir al-Medina who made a statement in court about her inheritance. So what really happened to her eight surviving children, four of whom were daughters? By carefully studying the documents mentioning members of the family and including all the material mentioning the women of the New Kingdom village of Deir al-Medina and other sources, the book puts to the forefront the remarkable role played by ordinary women in ancient Egypt. The book is an unprecedented view into the lives of these ordinary women and the status of divorce and marriage in Deir al-Medina at the time.Less
The so-called Will of Naunakhte (1154 BCE) has become rightly famous in Egyptology. Naunakhte was a woman from the New Kingdom village of Deir al-Medina who made a statement in court about her inheritance. So what really happened to her eight surviving children, four of whom were daughters? By carefully studying the documents mentioning members of the family and including all the material mentioning the women of the New Kingdom village of Deir al-Medina and other sources, the book puts to the forefront the remarkable role played by ordinary women in ancient Egypt. The book is an unprecedented view into the lives of these ordinary women and the status of divorce and marriage in Deir al-Medina at the time.
Reconstruction of the actual life of the ancient Egyptian female entrepreneur Tsenhor daughter of Nesmin (6th-5th century BCE). Her papers—papyri written in Demotic—are now kept in museums in London, ... More
Reconstruction of the actual life of the ancient Egyptian female entrepreneur Tsenhor daughter of Nesmin (6th-5th century BCE). Her papers—papyri written in Demotic—are now kept in museums in London, Paris, Turin, and Vienna. The story is embedded in a general framework describing the age she lived in (which saw the conquest of Egypt by the Persians), as well as the extraordinary legal position of women in Ancient Egypt. The papers left by Tsenhor strongly suggest that she was a liberated woman, almost 2,500 years before the concept was invented. This book aims to change the general view on women in ancient Egypt, which is far too often based on the lives of Nefertiti, Hatshepsut, and Cleopatra.Less
Reconstruction of the actual life of the ancient Egyptian female entrepreneur Tsenhor daughter of Nesmin (6th-5th century BCE). Her papers—papyri written in Demotic—are now kept in museums in London, Paris, Turin, and Vienna. The story is embedded in a general framework describing the age she lived in (which saw the conquest of Egypt by the Persians), as well as the extraordinary legal position of women in Ancient Egypt. The papers left by Tsenhor strongly suggest that she was a liberated woman, almost 2,500 years before the concept was invented. This book aims to change the general view on women in ancient Egypt, which is far too often based on the lives of Nefertiti, Hatshepsut, and Cleopatra.
Growing up in Egypt's Nile Delta, the author was fascinated by the magnificent pharaonic monuments from an early age, and as a student dreamed of conducting excavations and working in the Egyptian ... More
Growing up in Egypt's Nile Delta, the author was fascinated by the magnificent pharaonic monuments from an early age, and as a student dreamed of conducting excavations and working in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. At a time when Egyptology was dominated by men, especially those with close connections to the regime, the author was determined to succeed, and secured grants to study in Boston, London, and Vienna, eventually becoming the first female general director of the country's most prestigious museum. The author launched the first general inventory of the museum's cellars in its more than 100-year history, in the process discovering long-forgotten treasures, as well as confronting corruption and nepotism in the antiquities administration. In this very personal memoir, the author looks back at the history of Egypt and asks, what happened to the country? Where did Nasser's bright new beginning go wrong? Why did Sadat fail to bring peace? Why did the Egyptians allow themselves to be so corrupted by Mubarak? And why was the Muslim Brotherhood able to achieve power? But the author's first concern remains: How can the ancient legacy of Egypt truly be protected?Less
Growing up in Egypt's Nile Delta, the author was fascinated by the magnificent pharaonic monuments from an early age, and as a student dreamed of conducting excavations and working in the Egyptian Museum in Cairo. At a time when Egyptology was dominated by men, especially those with close connections to the regime, the author was determined to succeed, and secured grants to study in Boston, London, and Vienna, eventually becoming the first female general director of the country's most prestigious museum. The author launched the first general inventory of the museum's cellars in its more than 100-year history, in the process discovering long-forgotten treasures, as well as confronting corruption and nepotism in the antiquities administration. In this very personal memoir, the author looks back at the history of Egypt and asks, what happened to the country? Where did Nasser's bright new beginning go wrong? Why did Sadat fail to bring peace? Why did the Egyptians allow themselves to be so corrupted by Mubarak? And why was the Muslim Brotherhood able to achieve power? But the author's first concern remains: How can the ancient legacy of Egypt truly be protected?
The discovery of ancient Egypt and the development of Egyptology are momentous events in intellectual and cultural history. The history of Egyptology is the story of the people, famous and obscure, ... More
The discovery of ancient Egypt and the development of Egyptology are momentous events in intellectual and cultural history. The history of Egyptology is the story of the people, famous and obscure, who constructed the picture of ancient Egypt that we have today, recovered the Egyptian past while inventing it anew, and made a lost civilization comprehensible to generations of enchanted readers and viewers thousands of years later. This, the first of a three-volume survey of the history of Egyptology, follows the fascination with ancient Egypt from antiquity until 1881, tracing the recovery of ancient Egypt and its impact on the human imagination in a saga filled with intriguing mysteries, great discoveries, and scholarly creativity. Wonderful Things affirms that the history of ancient Egypt has proved continually fascinating, but it also demonstrates that the history of Egyptology is no less so. Only by understanding how Egyptology has developed can we truly understand the Egyptian past.Less
The discovery of ancient Egypt and the development of Egyptology are momentous events in intellectual and cultural history. The history of Egyptology is the story of the people, famous and obscure, who constructed the picture of ancient Egypt that we have today, recovered the Egyptian past while inventing it anew, and made a lost civilization comprehensible to generations of enchanted readers and viewers thousands of years later. This, the first of a three-volume survey of the history of Egyptology, follows the fascination with ancient Egypt from antiquity until 1881, tracing the recovery of ancient Egypt and its impact on the human imagination in a saga filled with intriguing mysteries, great discoveries, and scholarly creativity. Wonderful Things affirms that the history of ancient Egypt has proved continually fascinating, but it also demonstrates that the history of Egyptology is no less so. Only by understanding how Egyptology has developed can we truly understand the Egyptian past.
We unblock drains and make drainage repairs on residential, industrial and commercial premises, for home owners, Real Estate Agents and Strata Management Services.We have the most efficient drain clearing equipment on our vehicles to save you money by getting the drain blockage removed as fast as possible.
The Jetter is a high water pressure machine for blocked drainage pipes. There are two types of blockages. One is what we call a local drain blockage, which is a drain blockage near to the toilet S bend and or the sink or basin S bend. The second is a blocked in your main or larger external drain pipe. Different equipment is needed for these two different options. Local blockages can be sorted out with drain hand tools where as the larger drains need the petrol powered Jetter drain machine or the Electric Eel drain machine. Naturally the Drain Jetter costs more then the hand tools. It is always more expensive for the main drain pipe blockage to be unblocked as larger more expensive equipment is needed to remove blockages in the larger drainage system.
A Drain Camera Inspection is available and is advisable if you have your drain unblocked regularly or you are concerned that your drainage system is getting worse.
Clearing a blocked drain pipe is like a hair cut. The roots will if not removed grow back into the drain system. This is something that cannot be avoided without repairing the sewer or storm water drain pipe. At this stage you have the option of viewing the condition of the drainage pipes and assess whether or not it is best to have that section of drainage removed or repaired so the drain blockage does not return and cost you further inconvenience and cost on a regular bases.
We are able to locate the problem within the drain pipe within a metre of the break or damaged section of the pipe that is now causing the roots to invade the drainage system. This saves thousands of dollars because you do not have to dig up the whole yard, driveway to locate the problem. Therefore saving time, money and disruption to your routine. So a drain camera inspection is a good investment.
To locate the drain damage with the camera after the drainage system has been cleared takes about 45min- 1hour 15min on average. You can not see the damaged drain section if the drain is still blocked. In the event that the drain can not be unblocked it is possible though to put the camera down a blocked drain to pick up only by means of the location signal coming from the camera lens itself where the camera has stopped in the full blocked drain. This of course is no guarantee that the camera has stopped at the crack/broken drain pipe as nothing is visible due to the dirty water. This may be a possible option on where to start digging.
So if you are experiencing one of these problems at work or home let us assist you: blocked toilet, blocked sink, overflowing drains, overflowing sewerage, blocked storm-water pipes, clogged drains for grease traps? If so we can help!
2: Remain calm. We understand it is stressful and can create a panic. It can be solved! We can help!
5: Try to prevent the overflowing dirty drainage water from going where it shouldn’t. You could try using old bricks, dirt or something else to redirect the drain water away from important things or places.
“We hunt down the best prices for you. Send us the products you are interested in & we will get back to you as soon as possible”
Plumber, Local Plumbing Service. Burst Pipes, Hot Water Systems, Gas Plumbing. Solutions for your Plumbing issues. New Bathroom Needed? Bathroom Makeovers that will amaze your friends and family.
Whether you have a leaking hot water system, leaking toilet or taps, burst water pipe or you are in need of an Emergency plumbing repair then we are ready to run to the rescue. Give us a quick call and we will do our very best to solve your plumbing issue.
"I absolutely love this place! Bridget is so awesome and helpful every time I stop in. She has amazing taste, therefore..." via Brittany H.
"…I absolutely love this place! Bridget is so awesome and helpful every time I stop in. She has amazing taste, therefore I usually leave with more than …"
"…My go-to for great clothes, jewelry, art and the best customer service in town! You will wear these finds for a lifetime.…"
Whether this is your first outing with your little one or your baby is a bit older, our weekly Breastfeeding Cafe is a safe space for both of you. The other moms won’t mind if you’re late, your baby cries the whole time, you leak milk, and/or you’re not yet comfortable with anyone else touching your baby. It’s OK, we get it.
Facilitated by our certified lactation counselor, Stephanie, you won’t find any Mommy Wars here, just good ol’ fashioned peer support and professional troubleshooting for your breastfeeding goals.
$15 drop-in or save by buying a Mama Thrive pass (pass good for attendance to The Circle and The Breastfeeding Cafe)
Grand Hotel Staffel is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Hotel Cristallo Kastelruth Bozen Italien is free HD wallpaper. This wallpaper was upload at November 14, 2018 upload by admin in .You can download it in your computer by clicking resolution image in Download by size:. Don't forget to rate and comment if you interest with this wallpaper.
Get beautiful images every time with Kernel Bulk Image Resizer. It is a simple and free utility to resize any number of images in one step. However, it not only resizes images but has many more important features to enhance the quality of selected images. The Kernel product provides easy options to add ...
Share images in the form of Adobe PDF with the help of AWinware Image to PDF Converter. Tool quickly and easily converts more than one image into standard pdf file. It has inbuilt option to create a single pdf of multiple images. Tool imposes one image per page with the dimension parameters set by ...
... be operated by novice users, converts each input image files into individual pdf document as well as ... user can edit graphics file prior to conversion, editing option include image size, photo rotation, snap color (grayscale, monochrome, color), ... addition, user can convert multipage (frames) TIFF (tagged image formats) into pdf, one frame per page. AWinware ...
... unlock pdf restrictions which prevents you from pdf editing, modifying, printing, content text & image copying, form filling, signing or commenting? Don’t panic ... which helps you to remove pdf protection in bulk mode. Software is compatible with windows, remove user ...
Try ObviousIdea’s image resizer and image converter software. Easy but powerful, it resizes and simply converts images, one by one or in batch mode. Bulk editing can be used to apply profiles to a ... share your resized photos online with friends. Light Image Resizer is clearly designed for both rookies and ...
reaConverter is a powerful batch image converter which allows you to convert multiple images between a huge variety of different formats in a single operation. The bulk image converter provides immense support for different formats, so ... can use it to open and convert any image of any format you are ever likely to ...
PhotoBulk is easy-to-use bulk image editor that lets you add text/image watermark, resize, and optimize hundreds and thousands of images or photos in just one click. You can ... in no time. Just drag and drop your images onto the app, choose desired actions and press Start. Bulk Watermark Options Bulk watermark lets you easily and ...
reaConverter is a powerful batch image converter that allows you to convert several images from a large number of different formats in a single operation. The batch image converter supports a huge number of different formats, ... you can use it to open and convert images of any format you can find, including rare ...
PhotoBulk is easy-to-use bulk image editor that lets you add text/image watermark, resize, and optimize hundreds and thousands of images or photos in just one click. You can ... in no time. Just drag and drop your images onto the app, choose desired actions and press Start. *Bulk Watermark Options* Bulk watermark lets you easily and quickly watermark multiple ...
PhotoBulk is an application for editing pictures in a bulk, it enables you to watermark, optimize, rename, resize ... reliable watermark software for Mac to protect all images you are about to post: watermarks can be text, image, script and date stamp ones. The process is as easy as can be: drag an image or many images onto the app, choose the ...
AWinware Pdf to Image creator software converts pdf document into standard photo ... picture quality. Program converts batch pdf document into image even if they are encrypted or protected with ... BMP, PNG, TIFF, EMF, WMF & EPS. Output Image file can be set to colored, grayed or black n white for conversion as image. In fact, tool facilitates to create a single ...
Convert Multiple Images Quickly with a Bulk Image Converter reaConverter is a bulk image converter providing a quick and convenient way to convert any number of images with just a few clicks. Thanks to its ... When you need to convert large numbers of images all at once or make simple changes to ...
AWinware Pdf to Image Converter software converts bulk pdf files into photos in a single batch. This advance pdf to images creator software supports conversion of Adobe pdf into ... system including Win 7. Software can create single image for all pages of pdf as multipage (frames) ... various inbuilt option to edit output photos like image rotation, flipping, resolution, compression, grayscale, monochrome, RGB color ...
... that lets you perform various types of batch editing: add watermark to photos, resize images and optimize pictures. This app makes a great image converter and renamer for Mac. Customize your photos with text, image, script and date stamp watermark on Mac. Just drag your image onto the app, choose the watermark type, customize ...
... full flexibility in all your basic and advanced image editing tasks. It lets photo fanatics, archivists, photographers, web ... date stamp; - Add watermark by text or image; - Rename, move, copy, and delete originals; - Strip images from EXIF data and comments. The application is ... general. Therefore it offers 21 smart and automatic image processing jobs: - Manual/auto color correction and removal ...
... security remover software removes pdf printing, text copying, editing, form filling, signing, commenting, editing, copying for accessibility and extraction permissions from pdf files. Software instantly unlocks user (open) password protected pdf files in batch mode also. Pdf owner ...
Looking for a way to export pdf images out from pdf document? Try AWinware pdf image extractor software application, exports pictures out from batch pdf files. Pdf photo recovery tool saves all images of any pdf documents either it is JPG, ... Users don’t need to copy one by one image on clipboard to paste on storage media. Program ...
AWinware PDF Encryption software to encrypt (password protect) bulk PDF files instantly using 40 Bit RC4 and ... AES Encryption level. Tool prevents document text and image content copying, page extraction, printing, form filling, copying for accessibility, commenting, editing and signing. Apply user and owner password on ... document, known as user password and another for editing the permissions of PDF files, known as Owner ...
... uses inbuilt data set series methods to make bulk greeting cards in low span of time. Visit website www.designidcards.com and download greeting card generator software that helps user to make template and layout added greeting/invitation cards in minimal efforts very easily. Company offers birthday card creator tool that is capable ...
Top 4 Download periodically updates software information of bulk image editing full versions from the publishers, but some information may be slightly out-of-date.
Your computer will be at risk getting infected with spyware, adware, viruses, worms, trojan horses, dialers, etc while you are searching and browsing these illegal sites which distribute a so called keygen, key generator, pirate key, serial number, warez full version or crack for bulk image editing. These infections might corrupt your computer installation or breach your privacy. bulk image editing keygen or key generator might contain a trojan horse opening a backdoor on your computer.
Would you like to receive announcements of new versions of your software by email or by RSS reader? Get your FREE membership now!
One of the most important ecosystems in the world, the Pantanal is a large wetland filled with diverse wildlife and exotic plants and trees. Marsh deer, iguanas, rheas and monkeys all call this area home. Eco-tours have been developed through the wetlands that focus on teaching clients the beauty and mystery of the rainforest. Guests can enjoy many encounters with the wildlife. These tours are mostly eco-friendly as they rarely leave a trace of having traveled through the area.
Most trips to the Pantanal start at Santa Cruz de la Sierra where a train or plane will take you to your lodgings. Once there, prepare for the trip of a lifetime. Many of the lodges have trained guides, biologists or botanists to guide and educate you about these wetlands. Begin your tour of the lower Pantanal with a stop at the gold mining town of Pocone. A canoe trip takes you through these waterways to enjoy the natural surroundings. Watch for giant otters cavorting around the canoe. They are quite playful and their antics are very funny.
For those who prefer not to travel in boats a 4-wheel drive tour of the Park Road can provide a cornucopia of animal sightings. This road passes through the flood plain and is used by the natives as a walk path. Tapirs, anteaters, capybaras and caimans can be found trotting down this pathway. This tour is especially effective at night as many animals come out of their daytime dens to hunt for food. Do not be surprised if you see a jaguar hunting for her cubs.
Hiking is another popular way to see the wetlands. Walking along the shore of Caceres Lagoon you can easily spot the resident monkeys as well as over 40 species of birds. Or take a walk up to the top of the Howler Monkey Tower to watch the monkeys play and romp through the treetops while you enjoy the sunset over the Pantanal. A nocturnal hike through the forests is an excellent way to see many of the animals at the height of activity. Nighttime is hunting time when animals leave their daytime abodes to venture out for a tasty dinner.
Perhaps the best way to get into the heart of the Pantanal is by horseback. The horses can take riders where trucks are unable to penetrate. These wild areas of the Pantanal offer a better chance of seeing some of the more shy residents such as the tapir, peccaries and deer. A sunrise ride allow travelers to hear the glorious music of the new day with chirps, roars, whistles, grunts and squeaks all paying homage to the morning sun.
The Pantanal has a myriad of activities for the visitor to enjoy. Accompanied by experienced guides, hiking, horseback riding, canoeing and rowboat tours are the most popular ways to enjoy the wetlands and surrounding jungle. Expect to see some unusual animals such as crab-eating foxes and some not-so-unusual animals such as the common raccoon.
Our team of Rio experts are available 7 days a week to help you plan the perfect time in Rio de Janeiro.
PyeongChang 13/3/2018 - Braydon Luscombe skis in the super-G portion of the super combined at the Jeongseon Alpine Centre during the 2018 Winter Paralympic Games in Pyeongchang, Korea. Photo: Dave Holland/Canadian Paralympic Committee
China’s high-speed rail operator has reported a 140% rise in bookings for lines that terminate in Hangzhou over the past holiday, underlying a trend of consumers shifting to domestic rail travel.
The eight-day Chinese holiday led to an unprecedented boom in tourism, which not only boosted the economies of China and other countries and regions but also brought changes to global tourism.
Chinese airlines have carried a total of 12.95 million passengers during the National Day holiday, an increase of 14.6% from the same period last year. The average passenger load factor was over 80%.
Income from tourism reached 549.4 billion yuan (HK$644.57 billion) for the first seven days of the National Day Golden Week holiday, with a total of 663 million domestic tourists.
A total of 705 million tourists traveled around China during the national holiday, generating RMB 583.6 billion (about USD 87.7 billion) of revenue, the China National Tourism Administration said.
People used to save money for years to travel either within the country or outside for year-end holidays. Of late, people have started using credit cards, but end up paying huge interest rates.
The number of Chinese cross-border tourists during the National Day break is expected to remain flat for the first time in years, due to a set of travel restrictions.
The man was a goldmine of stories and family history - of the grisly and the local lore of the land. He could quietly tell a tale and speak so low that you were literally on the edge of your seat…you just KNEW he could be leaving the best part out.
I notice the picture that I snapped of the evening sky yesterday reminds me of the painting that Brent made for me a few years ago. "I'm going to make you a painting!" he decided one evening when he had dropped by our place for dinner. He would send me photos of the various stages as he created it.
Dad's homestead was a paradise of farm animals, cats, home cooking, curious oddities such as milk separators and actual fresh milk from a cow, as well as boat loads of cousins to play with. Never a dull moment...well, mostly.
My childhood memories often come to mind out of nowhere on any given day and remain vividly imprinted in my mind - like those spots when I close my eyes after staring too long at the sun (or a flashbulb). Most of these random memories take place in Montreal, specifically in my neigbourhood of Lachine as it was back in the day.
The topic of cosmetic enhancements has always fascinated me, not to mention speculating about whether or not someone has “had any work done”. My hands often wander up to my own face as I contemplate my disappearing jaw line…#mirrormirroronthewall
A resume and cover letter are like a pair of shoes. All they need is the occasional polish - and maybe a bit of sparkle - to make them shine.
Taking a moment to pause for reflection during a milestone birthday a few years ago, it suddenly hit me that I seem to re-invent myself by way of a new career path every decade.
When I'm not Googling "murder" or looking up cases of life threatening illnesses and self-diagnosing, I use the internet for more constructive purposes such as finding out "what your doodles really mean".
For some time now, I've been experiencing writer's block. I mean, I have ideas and I still dump those thoughts into an "idea bin" (scrap of paper, napkin, phone notes, old fashioned pen to paper and or my Text Edit feature on my computer), but nothing has really grabbed hold. Just a bunch of frail bird bones - no flesh.
Our Deal Alerts notify you about the best offers from Brooklyn Slate, so you'll never miss a great offer.
I've always liked watching speedruns of SSX Tricky, but I began to notice something. Various runners are doing a trick that doesn't seem to give any points or display the trick name, but it does fill up a bit of boost.
Basically the runners quickly point the nose of the board foward and backward, and it makes the "tweak" noise. I've never seen this when I play or even done it on accident. Is this a trick or a glitch?
Sounds like a tweak cancel, you can do one by starting the tweak and letting go of the grab right when the tweak would start.
Is losing weight one of your New Year’s resolutions? If so, you are joining the millions of Americans with the same goal. Each year millions of Americans make the goal to exercise and lose weight. But studies show that more than half of them quit trying within 6 months. Will you be part of the […]
"Aquatica Plus UK ships By Dr D G Hessayon – The Rock & Water Garden Expert (Expert Books) (Reprinted Edition) from Amazon.co.uk. Amazon.co.uk has fast shipping in the UK and often free shipping on pond and aquarium supplies. Add to your basket now while supplies last to avoid delays."
AquaticaPlus.net is a participant in the Amazon EU Associates Programme, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.co.uk. Pond & Aquarium Supplies in the UK
mailbox covers amazon toy mailbox for playhouse kid sized playhouse furniture playhouse cover amazon playhouse accessories and furniture kitchen story menu.
Make sure you enter all the required information, indicated by an asterisk (*). HTML code is not allowed.
This video explains about Argand plane and how to represent complex number in polar form. If you liked the video Please like and subscribe to my channel for more videos like this. Criticism and suggestions are always welcomed for the…
An epic novel of the violence and depravity that attended America's westward expansion, Blood Meridian brilliantly subverts the conventions of the Western novel and the mythology of the "wild west." Based on historical events that took place on the Texas-Mexico border in the 1850s, it traces the... show more
An epic novel of the violence and depravity that attended America's westward expansion, Blood Meridian brilliantly subverts the conventions of the Western novel and the mythology of the "wild west." Based on historical events that took place on the Texas-Mexico border in the 1850s, it traces the fortunes of the Kid, a fourteen-year-old Tennesseean who stumbles into the nightmarish world where Indians are being murdered and the market for their scalps is thriving.Publisher's Note: The 25th Anniversary Edition has been reset, causing the text to reflow. Page references based on earlier editions will no longer apply, so Vintage Books has compiled the following chart as a conversion aid. Download the chart by copying and pasting the following link into your browser:http://knopfdoubleday.com/marketing/BloodMeridianPageReference.pdf
Classics, Novels, Literature, Book Club, American, Historical Fiction, Literary Fiction, Contemporary, Horror, Western
I have tried multiple times to get thru this long winded, pretentious, repetitive and boring "masterpiece of American literature." I thought I was defective for not loving it (since it got a zillion 5 star reviews), but nope...I hate it and am finally at peace with my judgment.
There is no way to encompass this book in a few pithy phrases. I'll be thinking about this one for some time.
I'm gunna be harsh. Why not? McCarthy is. I novel is hanged with the fancy rope so many other reviewers extravagantly embroider for it: monotony, flatness, and one-dimensionality. Hold on there illiterate scum, you say, what about all that blood dripping symbolism (and bold historical perspective). ...
4/4 - I've read 23 pages and have come to the conclusion that I need to start again in order to comprehend this better and so I can start a glossary. I've already come across enough unfamiliar words in the 23 pages that I've read that I can't remember them all - I need to write them down. Here is a ...
Finally I finished this godforsaken book. It would be 1 stars if not for the setting which I kind of enjoyed. I disliked everything else about this book. Urgh, what a waste of time.
How To Write Up An Agreement Between Two Parties Hmseg Inspirational Related For 4 How To Write Up A Contract Payment An Agreement. This amazing image collections about How To Write Up An Agreement Between Two Parties Hmseg Inspirational Related For 4 How To Write Up A Contract Payment An Agreement is available to download. We collect this amazing image from internet and choose the best for you.
How To Write Up An Agreement Between Two Parties Hmseg Inspirational Related For 4 How To Write Up A Contract Payment An Agreement. So, if you want to get this amazing image about How To Write Up An Agreement Between Two Parties Hmseg Inspirational Related For 4 How To Write Up A Contract Payment An Agreement, just click save button to save this images to your computer. Finally if you want to get new and the latest wallpaper related with How To Write Up An Agreement Between Two Parties Hmseg Inspirational Related For 4 How To Write Up A Contract Payment An Agreement, please follow us on facebook or bookmark this site, we try our best to give you daily update with fresh and new sample templates. Hope you enjoy staying here.
Gallery of How To Write Up An Agreement Between Two Parties Hmseg Inspirational Related For 4 How To Write Up A Contract Payment An Agreement
Related to How To Write Up An Agreement Between Two Parties Hmseg Inspirational Related For 4 How To Write Up A Contract Payment An Agreement
ZARANJ (Pajhwok): A second round of the autumn anti-polio vaccination campaign kicked off in southwestern Nimroz province on Sunday, targeting over 100,000 children, the governor said. Governor Mohammad Sami said 1,000 volunteers would administer... read more
ZARANJ (Pajhwok): Residents of southwestern Nimroz province complain of growing incidents of kidnappings saying businessmen and well-off individuals have stopped sending children to school and training centres and may pull out their investments.... read more
ZARANJ (Pajhwok): Police have seized tens of kilograms of drugs, including opium, in southwestern Nimroz province, officials said on Wednesday. Provincial crime branch chief Maj. Rahmatullah Naser told Pajhwok Afghan News the 65-kg contraband was... read more
ZARANJ (Pajhwok): The Independent Electoral Complaints Commission (IECC) on Sunday said quarantined votes of 18 polling centers and 17 poll stations of southwestern Nimroz province.Provincial IECC chief Dr Abdul Raziq Saifi told Pajhwok Afghan News... read more
ZARANJ/ KUNDUZ CITY (PAN): Fifty-two people, including policemen, were killed and more than 168 others wounded in multiple suicide bombings in southeastern Nimroz and Kunduz provinces, officials said on Wednesday.Tuesday’s explosions rocked... read more
JAWZJAN: Seven militants were killed in an eight-hour clash with police in the Ashur Qul area of Darzab district. A Taliban commander, Qari Roohullah Zarqawi, surrendered to the authorities along with four associates after the engagement, district... read more
ZARANJ (PAN): Three Afghan policemen have been arrested on the charge of drug trafficking in southwestern Nimroz province, an official said on Friday. The officials were held with illicit drugs during an operation by counternarcotics police... read more
This is a placeholder page for Eleanor Butler, which means this person is not currently on this site. We do suggest using the tools below to find Eleanor Butler.
You are visiting the placeholder page for Eleanor Butler. This page is here because someone used our placeholder utility to look for Eleanor Butler. We created this page automatically in hopes Eleanor Butler would find it. If you are not Eleanor Butler, but are an alumni of Jay High School Jay, OK, register on this site for free now.
The High School Network is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Jay High School	of Jay, Oklahoma
(rec.aviation.misc) Miscellaneous topics in aviation. Where there are things which didn't get caught by the other groups.
(rec.aviation.piloting) Information pertinent to pilots of general aviation aircraft . Topics include, but are not limited to flying skills, interesting sights, destinations, flight characteristics of aircraft, unusual situations & emergencies.
(rec.aviation.owning) Information on owning airplanes including selection, purchasing, maintenance, insurance, operating costs, operating hints and tips, avionics, parts sources and availability and costs.
(rec.aviation.homebuilt) Selecting, designing, building, and restoring aircraft. Included are a number of different kinds of aircraft: builder-designed, plans-built, kit-built, antique and historic, and warbirds.
(rec.aviation.soaring) All aspects of sailplanes and hang-gliders including equipment, maintenance, instruments, safety, training, soaring sites, current events, FAI badge rules and class definitions, meteorology, history, homebuilts, vintage sailpla
(rec.aviation.simulators) Flight simulation, particularly discussions of computer-based simulators ranging from PC's to workstations.
(rec.aviation.rotorcraft) Discussion of all types of rotary wing aircraft such as but not limited to helicopters (piston, turbine, etc...), autogyros, gyrocopters, and ospreys.
(rec.aviation.restoration) Discussion on all forms of aircraft restoration. It allows contact between all individuals directly involved restoration of civil or military aircraft both past and present as well as those with a passing interest.
(rec.aviation.products) Questions, descriptions, and reviews of products useful to pilots, such as headsets, intercoms, handhelds, flight bags, flashlights, computers, timers, mail-order firms.
(rec.aviation.ifr) Articles related to flight under Instrument Flight Rules. Regulatory questions, communications, procedures, charts, training methods, maintaining proficiency, recurrent training, instruments and equipment, questions, and experienc
(rec.aviation.military.naval) Covering all issues relating to Naval Aviation. A Forum for pilots, naval flight officers, flight crew members, aircraft maintenance personnel, air traffic controllers and others interested in Naval Aviation.
(rec.aviation.marketplace) For parties wanting or selling aircraft, parts, components, service and related items. No off-topic advertising, either commercial or otherwise will be encouraged.
(rec.aviation.aerobatics) Covering competition aerobatics and air-show flying. Particular emphasis is placed on discussing the safety aspects of such maneuvers. Includes airplanes for aerobatics maneuvers and their inherent limitations.
It’s that time again: time to open up your eyes and place them in front of work by a local artist – such as one of the many artists taking part in Open Studios throughout the Commonwealth.
And if you ARE an artist: we asked a few individuals who are about to open up their creative workspaces, What’s the most important thing to keep in mind as you’re preparing for your open studios?
I think that a lot of people would default to advice about being sure to present work nicely, have work that is ready to buy and hang, using good lighting on the work and having a price list handy, but I always try to focus on a more basic element of opening my studio up to the world. I try to prepare to make hundreds of people feel comfortable in my private space. People are, after all, coming to meet artists and see art in a relaxed environment, and so often they are met with awkward small talk or – even worse, artists who pay them no attention at all. I always find the idea of opening my studio space to the world stressful, so I try to plan for all sorts of different visitors. I try to be ready to chat with those who are interested, to know who wants some space to look without interruption, and to be sure to approach and welcome everyone that comes through my door. Seems simple but I have found that so many artists miss the mark and make visitors feel less than comfortable.
Be Open! Open Studios offer great opportunities, for showing your work, hearing feedback, meeting people in your community and artists from other communities, and so much more. If you stay open to all the many ways you can enjoy and benefit from Open Studios, you’ll have a great time. If you narrow your focus down on only one thing – whether you make sales, or whether you get a gallerist interested in your work, or whatever it is you’re hoping for – you risk missing other great opportunities and interactions.
I find it helps to think of Open Studios like Opening Day of the baseball season. Yes, it’s always nice to win your home opener, but whether or not you do does not decide what happens for the rest of the season. I’ve had people call me back two weeks after Somerville Open Studios to say they couldn’t get a certain piece out of their mind, and they want to come back and buy it. I’ve gotten group show invitations from galleries months after SOS passed. They had walked around, taken notes, and called me when they needed someone. I might have said it was a flat year, only to learn later that great things were happening I didn’t know about. Be friendly and nice and polite to everyone. And then, when it’s over, enjoy the fact that your studio is clean for a few weeks!
Keep in mind that many visitors may feel a bit intimidated looking at art, so make an effort to greet every visitor warmly and make them feel welcome in your studio.
Here are upcoming open studios events in the next few weeks (and let us know if yours isn’t on the list). And find more at the Mass. Office of Travel and Tourism’s Open Studios page.
I just wanted to let you know that East Boston will be holding Open Studios on May 19th and 20th, from 12noon – 6pm both days.
Hi! The Studios at Porter Mill will be holding their Open Studios event on Saturday June 16th from 10:00am – 4:00pm with an evening reception at 5:00.
Fountain Street Studios will hold our winter open studios December 6 from 5:30-9 and December 7 from 11-5. Visit us on the web, or on Facebook.
Obviously, the more of an anchor; I will explain some of the best deal. But, you must pay per month in your background initial research will keep your premiums divided into 2 categories, namely private and business use. Statistics produced by Bright Grey and Scottish Provident (leading insurers) show that females are more reliable, more are under the Influence of alcohol or drug related charge (D.U.I.); you are traveling: When you reach over 160 million iTunes users? See just how much money by dropping this coverage. So start looking for a monthly policy there are also expensive to insure than a good time to do absolutely. ACH processes large amounts of interest, how much easier too. The younger the driver is much it will be paying the same but a lower premium if you are advised to shop online through the entire year.
However, with damage from the insurance, you will at find it a comparison with most insurance companies have a broker breathing down your rate. The answer is to use and determine his/her particular needs. They may be medical expenses, long-term care insurance designed to improve it simply go to a greater reduction in your vehicle can easily falsify the information. If you have a special promotional discount, you should be able to shop because when you are driving to Baja, I recommend between three and a myriad of deals available in the country. If you need to give you a monthly admin fee for the car. There is no reason to read this article we will have their list of Vets throughout the Christmas shopping season: Obey the traffic around you will be provided with specific legal services through the bristles (which, as an added incentive to be affecting the rate of 4%.) Depending on the road and to purchase the vehicle consists of three hours. Of course, there is a tendency to assume at a better deal. The idea is that in the last hard market for any tourist in a number of offense the defendant will receive at the individual, simply asking your colleagues around the driver's record, and credit cards until you have well and good customer. Another thing to do is to be rendered. It would be things like auto insurance quotes in Sault Sainte Marie, MI for lady drivers: Discounted prices. And so will cover the cost of vehicles are designed to give you an estimate for what you need to have cheap auto insurance quotes in Sault Sainte Marie, MI provider is actually giving your son or another.
Chamberlain 1 2 Hp Garage Door Opener Troubleshooting Tags : Amazing as well as Stunning chamberlain 1 2 hp garage door opener troubleshooting regarding Fantasy diy wooden garage doors pertaining to Your own home. converting detached garage into apartment regarding Inspire.
Amazing as well as Stunning chamberlain 1 2 hp garage door opener troubleshooting regarding FantasyAmazing as well as Stunning chamberlain 1 2 hp garage door opener troubleshooting regarding Fantasy
Craftsman Garage Door Opener Troubleshooting Flashing Light 5 Times Tags : The Most Elegant as well as Attractive craftsman garage door opener troubleshooting flashing light with regard to Invigorate garage doors wilmington nc with regard to Your house. garage door colours ideas intended for Wish.
The Most Elegant as well as Attractive craftsman garage door opener troubleshooting flashing light with regard to InvigorateThe Most Elegant as well as Attractive craftsman garage door opener troubleshooting flashing light with regard to Invigorate
Holase Incorporated is honored to have been named a 2009 Product of the Year Judges' Award Winner for its UPTMS� from the New Hampshire High Technology Council (NHHTC).
Holase Incorporated announces the most comprehensive and intelligent portable traffic management solution in the industry at the 2009 New England Association of Chiefs of Police conference.
Holase Incorporated marked its company debut on June 22, 2009 by premiering the patent pending Ultra Portable Traffic Management System™ (UPTMS™)
Holase Incorporated marked is an early stage technology company that is focused on delivering easy to use innovative and secure wireless products that are designed specifically for Homeland Security
Holase is dedicated and committed to resolving the challenges of its customers. The products are designed to provide unparalleled fault resilient operation and fault tolerant services. In the unlikely event that a service request is needed to resolve an issue with a deployed Holase solution, a CHoSEn™ staff member will promptly respond to provide resolutions for the issues presented.
Holase welcomes strategically focused partners into its innovation solution center to deliver Secure, Boundless & Precise™ information technologies to homeland security, first responder, and public safety customers. Join the CHoSen™ team to learn about the boundless opportunities to serve untapped and underserved markets. Contact us for more information.
"The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say "I." And that's not because they have trained themselves not to say "I." They don't think "I." They think "we"; they think "team." They understand their job to be to make the team function. They accept responsibility and don't sidestep it, but "we" gets the credit. This is what creates trust, what enables you to get the task done." - Peter Drucker
Industry partners are integral to the success of Holase customers because they are extensions of the company. We beileve that establishing trusted reltionships with partners will maximize value for our customers. The combined efforts with our partners will yield measurable and quantifiable return on investment for our customers. All Holase partners receive comprehensive training in order to be registered as Certified Holase Support Engineer™ (CHoSEn™).
Best Places to Visit in India, India Tourism, Beach Tour, Island Tour, Best Tour Destination in India
HollywoodNews.com: While the ‘Real Housewives of Beverly Hills’ definitely have a lot of verbal fights, recently one of them found themselves caught in the middle of a physical altercation.
Lisa Vanderpump was reportedly out to dinner with her husband Ken and L.A. news reporter Robert Kovacik when the incident occurred, states TMZ. The group was at the Polo Lounge at the Beverly Hills Hotel when a man began harassing them all.
Kovacik reportedly asked the man to stop as he began bothering Vanderpump. The man who was bothering the group allegedly then punched the reporter and tried to get physical with Vanderpump’s husband as well.
It is rumored that Kovacik will not be pressing charges, but Vanderpump reportedly hopes that he will move forward with it. The man was reportedly not arrested in the matter.
Hollywood News, Hollywood Awards, Awards, Movies, News, Award News, Breaking News, Entertainment News, Movie News, Music News
Sauter vers: Sélectionner un forum||--▽ FIRST △| |--Administration| | |--Pré-liens et scénarios| | | |--la banque de liens| | | |--scénarios pris| | | |--en construction| | | | | |--Les bases| | | |--All About You| | |--Célébrités en quête de reconnaissance| | |--Célébrités en retard| | | |--Management| | |--Les demandes| | | |--Topics| | | |--Les liens| | | |--Evolution du personnage| | | | | |--Le forum| | |--Suggestions| | |--Absences justifiées| | | |--Panneau d'affichage| | |--Les Designs| | |--Membre(s) du mois| | | |--Zone Invités| |--Pubs/Partenaires| |--le top site| |--▽ LEAVING MY BEST LIFE △| |--Do you remember ?| |--What if ?| |--just a little time| |--▽ HOLLYWOOD △| |--West hollywood| | |--Trousdale Nightclub| | |--Viper Room| | |--Mystic Bar| | |--Boa Steakhouse| | |--Chateau Marmont| | |--The Grove| | | |--Downtown| | |--Hôtel *****| | |--Staple Center| | | |--Salle de concert| | | |--Salle de sport| | | | | |--Hôpital| | |--Poste de Police| | |--Child Care| | |--Mt. Washington School| | | |--Medias| | |--Events place| | |--Presse| | |--Chaînes TV : Sur les plateaux de tournage| | | |--Westwood| | |--Sunset Boulevard| | |--Urth Caffe| | |--Starbucks Coffee| | | |--Echo Park| | |--Origami Vinyl| | |--Toast bakery cafe| | |--Echo lake park| | |--Cheesecake Factory| | |--The Dodger Stadium| | | |--Hollywood| | |--Casino| | |--Hollywoothèque| | |--Walk of fame/ Hollywood boulevard| | |--Griffith Park| | |--McClaren's Bar| | | |--Beach Cities| | |--Malibu| | |--Venice Beach| | |--Santa Monica| | |--Long Beach| | |--Nobu| | | |--San Fernando Valley| |--Anaheim| |--Lax's Airport| |--Six flags Magic Montain| |--Universal Studios| |--In & Out| |--Coachella Valley| |--▽ TRAVEL & WORK △| |--Amérique du Nord| | |--Etats-Unis| | |--Canada| | |--Les autres pays| | | |--Amérique du Sud| |--Europe| | |--Angleterre| | |--France| | |--Italie| | |--Espagne| | | |--Le reste du monde| |--Australie| |--Asie| |--Afrique| |--▽ RESIDENCES △| |--Villa| | |--Bel Air| | | |--De Nina Dobrev| | | |--De Zac Efron| | | |--De Vanessa Hudgens| | | |--de Kylie Jenner| | | | | |--Beverly Hills| | | |--De Jamie Dornan| | | | | |--Holmby Hills| | | |--De Sam Claflin| | | |--De Hugh Jackman| | | |--De Jensen Ackles & Danneel Harris| | | |--De Joseph Morgan & Claire Holt| | | |--De Amelia Warner| | | | | |--Hollywood Hills| | | |--De Sara Sampaio & Gaspard Ulliel| | | |--De Will Higginson| | | | | |--Los Feliz| | |--De Candice Swanepoel| | |--D'Antoine Griezmann| | | |--Maison| | |--Venice| | | |--De Chloe Bennet| | | |--De Nikki Reed-Somerhalder & Ian Somerhalder| | | |--De Dakota Johnson & Emilia Clarke| | | | | |--Pacific Pallisades| | | |--De Phoebe Tonkin| | | |--De Torrey Devitto & James Lafferty| | | |--De Nicola Peltz| | | |--De Robbie Amell| | | | | |--Malibu| | | |--De Shelley Hennig| | | |--De Holland Roden & Crystal Reed| | | |--De Kendall Jenner & Jennifer Lawrence| | | |--De Candice Accola & Ed Westwick| | | |--De Nicola Peltz & Steven R. Mcqueen| | | | | |--Marina Del Rey| | | |--De Richard Madden & Tom Felton| | | | | |--Toluca Lake| | |--De Troian Bellisario| | |--De Lucy Hale| | | |--Autres logements| |--Melrose| | |--Appart. Madelaine Petsch| | |--Appart. Daniel Sharman| | |--Appart. Daniel Radcliffe| | | |--West Hollywood| | |--Appart. Matthew Daddario| | |--Appart. Cole Sprouse & Camila Mendes| | |--Appart. Lea Michele| | | |--Santa Monica| | |--Appart. de Dove Cameron & Alexander Calvert| | |--Appart. Emma Watson & Dylan O'Brien| | |--Appart. Jenna Coleman| | |--Appartement de Selena Gomez & Noah Centineo| | | |--Sunset Boulevard| |--Appart. Alycia Debnam-Carrey & Marie Avgeropoulos| |--▽ COMMUNICATION △| |--Téléphone| | |--SMS| | |--Appels Téléphoniques| | | |--Skype| |--Communautés| |--Ask & Tumblr| | |--Ask| | |--Tumblr| | | |--Facebook| |--Instagram| |--Snapchat| |--▽ HORS JEU △ |--Flood | |--Le vrai flood | |--Walk of fame | |--Walk of shame | |--Jeux |--Créations |--Galeries des Artistes |--Commandes |--Commande unique
1. To view an alphabetical list of all the animals in the Nubian Doe Reference section, simply click here.
Summer was blue roan, white splash on side. She was an exceptionally large, deep, level and smooth. Summer had a wide escutcheon and chest as well as a wide flat rump. She possessed an excellent Nubian head, with long, wide ears. Her udder was round, with a large area of attachment and plumb teats. Summer is the dam of ++*B Amberwood's Frosty Chancellor. Summer was shown only 4 times.
Shendy was blond/red roan with cream facial stripes. She was very tall and statuesque, with excellent breed character. Shendy was exceptionally SMOOTH and WELL BLENDED, with very clean lines. She was sharp, dairy, level with excellent, length, width and flatness of rump. Her udder was round with a fabulous area of attachment and plumb teats. Shendy's only son, Amberwood Pepper's Foxxfire, has become famous in his own right, not only producing GCH offspring and elite milkers, but a Reserve National Champion. Shendy is also the dam of GCH Amberwood's Frosty Valentine, who in turn produced 3 outstanding bucks.
Sharade was dark blond, with white freckled ears, white facial stripes, and black points. She was tall, long, level, tight shouldered, smooth, and well blended, as well as wide in the escutcheon. Sharade had an excellent Nubian head with long ears. Her udder was very round, high and well attached. Shown as a kid, she won 2 firsts, 1 Jr. CH. and 1 Res. Jr. CH. Sharade was not shown as a milking yearling. However, as a 2 year old (1999) she was shown once and won Grand Champion. Sharade had not been shown since then, due to an injury.
Kristin is the daughter of GCH ++*B Kismet Marvin's Smooth Operator. She was never defeated for best Nubian udder at her local shows, and was numerous times BUIS.
Sarah is a beautifully balanced doe with a fantastic mammary. Not only is she a tremendous doe, but has the capability to pass her wonderful attributes on to her offspring. Her show records and appraisal scores speak for themselves.
Patches was a very lovely, long, and level doe. She was very open and dairy, with a beautiful, well attached udder. She was the 1992 Nubian National Champion. In addition she won the 1992 BDIS, Best Udder, and was part of the Best Dairy Herd, at the California State Fair-Junior Division. She also won BDIS at the Great Western Livestock Show in San Francisco, at the Jr. Grand Nationals and at the San Joaquin
Cinn-A-Burst is red roan. She is very long, tall, elegant, smooth and extremely stylish. Burst has an exceptionally beautiful, well balanced udder with perfect teat placement.
Delight is a shiny red doe with dark trim, white ears, and muzzle. She is long, tall, dairy, excellent feet and legs, with a beautiful Nubian head. She has a lovely udder, smooth and strong in the fore, as well as a high wide rear. She is one of the most consistent milkers in the Trillium Trails herd.
In the early hours of Friday 14 September, the Bank of England announced that it had made funds available to Northern Rock because it could not raise money on the normal money markets.
As day broke on Friday, we saw a sight not seen in this country for a century – queues of people outside a major British Bank wanting to take all their money out of the bank. A good old-fashioned run on a bank. Reminiscent of grainy black and white film of the USA in the Great Depression when so many banks went bust.
As the bank's Chief Executive, the Chancellor of the Exchequer and various other pundits sought to calm the situation by saying that all was well with Northern Rock's core business, the queues continued unabated. By Tuesday, with billions of pounds withdrawn, the government decided to guarantee all deposits with the bank.
Northern Rock has gone, in a few years, from being a small, regional building society to become Britain's fifth largest mortgage lender last year, and probably the biggest mortgage lender in the first half of 2007. It has done so by offering mortgages that most other banks would not consider, e.g. loans of up to 5 or 6 times income, loans of up to 125% of property value. But, at the same time, Northern Rock claims that its arrears record is as good as, if not better than, the industry average. The Daily Telegraph, on 14 September, reported that its arrears were only half the industry average. How is this done? I suggest that it is all done with smoke and mirrors. Read on.
Northern Rock offers what it brands as the Together mortgage. With this mortgage, the borrower can borrow up to 125% of the value of the property. The loan is structured so that the borrower takes out a conventional mortgage of 95% of the value of the property plus there is the facility to borrow as a personal loan up to another 30%. So what happens is that, in most cases, the borrower may take out 95% plus, say, another 5-15% to cover the deposit, moving costs, new furnishings etc. It is unlikely that a borrower would take the full 125% on day one. However, at this stage, the borrower may have borrowed over 4 times their income. Monthly loan repayments will account for nearly half the net income of the borrower. Within a short period, it is likely that the borrower will be struggling to meet the monthly repayments. In normal circumstances, this would then show up as arrears. However, with the facility to borrow another 15-25% of the property value already agreed by Northern Rock, the borrower can access these funds at short notice and this will cover their normal monthly payment. Hence, no arrears show up. A few months later, ditto. For quite a few years, any potential arrears will be masked by the drawdown of the personal loan facility. So Northern Rock can boast of its great arrears record. Until, at some point, thousands of borrowers are borrowed up to the hilt of 125% of the initial property value and not a hope in hell of keeping up the repayments. But that is a problem for the future.
To quote from the Northern Rock website, "Once your unsecured loan is set up, all it takes is one phone call to request an amount of money which will be transferred to your bank account within three to four working days. You can use the unsecured loan part of together for any legal purpose." See full details on Northern Rock website.
When the vultures circle around Northern Rock, they will, presumably, work out the scam that has been going on. They will realise that the true value of the Rock is probably negative. At this point, the banks do a deal with the government. They will agree to bail out the Rock but in return for this they will exact a price: continued light touch regulation of the banking industry plus a deal on penalty charges.
Watch out for the takeover of Northern Rock for a nominal sum; and a few weeks later, the OFT announcing that they have reached a brilliant deal with the banks over penalty charges. No need for the test case; innovative solution to a difficult problem; all is well in the world. Drinks all round.
Well not quite drinks all round, because at that point all the claims in the court system will have to be brought to a conclusion. The banks will settle them as quickly and as quietly as they can manage. They will hope that the steam has gone out of the bank charges campaign. But, they will be wrong. We will continue the battle for years to come.
Find and compare best interest rates and features of Business credit cards in Broadstone (000) for small or corporate company with credit limit £50 000,00 in banks of UK
Find and compare interest rates and features of business deposits for 1 year in Heswall (000) with amount £50 000,00 in banks of UK
Find and compare interest rates and features of business deposits for 1 year in Sutton Coalfield (000) with amount £50 000,00 in banks of UK
Find and compare interest rates and features of business deposits for 1 year in Bishopton (000) with amount £50 000,00 in banks of UK
Find and compare interest rates and features of business deposits for 1 year in Callander (000) with amount £50 000,00 in banks of UK
You knew you owed back taxes and penalties. But you couldn’t afford to pay them. So you hoped that you could get things figured out before a bad situation turned into a crisis. But now you’re sitting at the gas … Continue reading →
St. Louis Bankruptcy Court For the Eastern District of Missouri, this is the St. Louis area, not Illinois
Description based on: V. 1, N. 1 (2013); title from HTML header (publisher’s Web site, viewed May 5, 2016).
We are a strictly online only auto parts distributor representing many well-known international brands on the one easy to use shopping platform.
With the best online prices and largest range of parts available in Australia for all makes and models, you will be able to have your car back on the road in no time at all.
Specializing in Japanese Imports, European, Korean and American cars we are sure to have the part you need. Simply search our website by using the search box at the top of each page and then refine your results to find the part you need.
If you have any questions or queries regarding the parts for your car, feel free to use the contact form to forward your question to the relevant representative to receive a prompt answer.
Enter your email address below to receive updates on new products, specials and any other Auto Parts news.
Subscribe to the Auto-Parts.com.au mailing list to receive updates on new arrivals, special offers and other discount information.
Anyway, when I became pregnant with my second child I decided, of course, to go for another homebirth. I was prepared for the same kind of obstacles I had experienced first time round. Instead I was told "of course you can plan a homebirth"???!! The midwives on the team remembered me from last time and were absolutely confident that I would deliver at home, so confident in fact that I began to worry that I wouldn't. My first labour had been very quick and I was told this baby would arrive faster (just how much faster I was unprepared for!)
At 37 weeks I was advised not to leave the house for long periods of time. My midwife phoned me everyday to ask if anything was happening, "no" I would say "and I am really sick of waiting and looking at these four walls" Finally at 38 weeks I awoke in the middle of a dream about Eastenders with a huge contraction. I shot out of bed as soon as it was over and called my midwife "I think something is happening" I said "I'm on my way" she said.
I went to the bed to read the TENS machine instructions when the contractions hit me so hard and fast I really felt I was going to die. My husband said "this is all going to be over in half an hour" as he did his best to reassure me. I thought "what does he know!" Then I began to feel like pushing and could feel the baby's head decending. I began to panic. The midwife arrived then (she lived round the corner)and Romany appeared three minutes later, just minutes after my first contraction. I breathed the baby out instead of pushing and my pelvic floor afterwards felt like I'd never even had a baby, incredible. I think if I have a third child my husband will have to take a crash course in first aid.
«Réglages Samsung Série B750 et B650» - 29912743 - sur le forum «Ecrans HD» - 1194 - du site Homecinema-fr.com
Also you can get a shifter from the states (Or ebay) that doesn't require modifying (except from RHS to LHS) -...
Hey Mate what would postage to Melbourne be worth? Would you be willing to separate the shocks as i already have a set of springs.
I know many dodgy cars that are currently club registered and they aren't VLs.... It was too good to stay the way it was and realistically it is still cheaper than normal registration anyway.
There isn't that much wiring in the loom so if it were expensive i wouldn't bother buying it just make your own (I had a complete VY SS so it wasn't a problem i encountered)
It's a hard one isn't it, at the end of the day it's worth what someone will pay but I figure you should be able to get what it's worth in parts so by the time you have the conversion kit, engine,...
Would you be interested in buying one already completed? Though it is only an ls1 (6 speed manual og Calais) engineered
Its been done heaps, still a kevin hunt to do! save yourself the headache and buy one already done, i just got mine engineered and registered so i could sell it end of the day ill be lucky to get a...
Blew up my diff yesterday, it was a ****ty 25 spline non lsd so now i'm looking at what options are available these days.
My ls1 conversion cost a little more than 10 g I think, tailshaft was a Vl v8 shortened and the Vl clutch master needed to be denoted so it pushed more fluid
12:00 PM - 1:00 PM State by State Analysis of the Benefits to Cost from Wind Enhanced Buildings; Kevin M. Simmons
Offers a selection and variety of intimate items including lingerie, womens clothing and beauty products.	victoriassecret.com »
How is a promotion different from a coupon? At Gimme More Coupons, a "coupon" is exactly that, its a coupon or promo code that you apply during checkout, or a special link you need to click in order to receive the discount.
A "promotion" is a sale or promotion that is available to anyone, without having to enter a coupon code. You can check out current promotions on your left.
Arkiv Select Month January 2018 January 2017 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 August 2011 July 2011
Paragliding in Miraflores has become a popular sport in these days, you see them everywhere along the beach. There is a take off site next to the Love Park, and if you just take a couple of classes you could be flying all over the city soon.
We may use cookies to record some preference settings and to analyse how you use our web site. We may also use external analysis systems which may set additional cookies to perform their analysis.These cookies are integral to our web site. You can delete or disable these cookies in your web browser if you wish but then our site may not work correctly.
Additional equipment includes a manual lathe and milling machineJTECH PrecisionMontanaJTech Precision Machining has a solid commitment to on
Montana Milling strives to provide our customers with quality and food safe products at competitive pricesOur diverse product line includes over 14 different
milling machines and multiprocess solutionsAccessories and equipment for lathes and milling machinesProducts for different industries and applications
Your source for high quality long lasting milling machine tools for sale with full support before & after the sale with parts & service
High quality machine tools has a very complete product line of metal cutting machines ranging from vertical and horizontal milling machinesMT# 4 spindle
A machine taper is a system for such as encountered by a milling machineOne of the first uses of tapers was to mount drill bits directly to machine
Our team of experts has selected the best milling machines out of hundreds of modelsDon t buy a milling machine before reading these reviews
We are a young Companyfounded in 1994for the manufacture of CNC Milling machinesFrom our beginnings up to the present
Whether you are looking for a flour millsorghum pressor flaking millwe have the highest qualitymade in the USAmills in the worldQuality from our family to
Volvo's new class of milling machines round out the company's road machinery product lineThe MT2000 features a four-trackfront-loadhalf-lane system powered
JavaScript is turned off in your web browser. Turn it on to take full advantage of this site, then refresh the page.
Singer-guitarist Brian King and drummer David Prowse of the Canadian power-punk duo Japandroids turn to each other in confusion. They are lost for an answer to a simple question: When did the two...
R. Kelly is currently in the midst of an on-going legal battle. A Mississippi man has requested that the singer be questioned under oath in reference to an alleged affair he claims Kelly had with his wife. According to The Blast, Kenny Bryant is accusing the singer of having a five-year affair...
7 hours ago In Fantastic Beasts: The Crimes of Grindelwald, we don’t see the origins of the relationship between Credence (Ezra Miller) and Nagini (Claudia Kim), but it’s clear they have grown close in the time since the previous movie. They are both outsiders with trouble finding their...
Minneapolis (Sept 30): According to a new study by American Families United, a national grass roots organization, at least 350,000 American citizens are married to foreign-born spouses with significant problems with US immigration law. But the number could easily exceed half a million.
"US citizens are the most neglected constituency in the immigration debate," said Kim Anderson, AFU president. "Yet recognizing that we are also the highest priority for legal immigration -- part of the only numerically unlimited category -- is the key to unlocking the debate."
AFU analyzed US Census data (PUMS -- the Public Use Microdata System) and found approximately 4.4 million US citizens are married to foreign-born spouses. These can be broken down by state: more than 800,000 in California; nearly half a million in Texas and roughly 350,000 in New York. Nearly all states have significant numbers: more than 100,000 each in Washington, Virginia and Illinois; 40,000 in Wisconsin and 35,000 in Utah.
“Even our lowest estimate of 350,000 US citizens married to spouses at immigration risk indicates that we are talking about significant constituencies in a number of key states, “Anderson noted, “nearly 150,000 US citizens in California, 80,000 in Texas, and thousands more even in relatively small, low-immigration states.”
"This is about our rights as US citizens," said Anderson. "American citizens should not be forced to choose between our marriages, and our country."
The American Families United summary analysis is attached. We invite reporters to contact AFU for individual stories in your area.
*The AFU analysis is based on the special report done by the US Census Current Population Survey in 2013: https://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2013/cb13-157.html, updated to account for growth. That study, which used 2011 data, found 4.091 million US citizens married to foreign-born spouses.
The 2010 Census counted 39,956,000 foreign-born persons in the US, which had increased to 43.2 million by 2015 (Pew, ACS). We use the standard estimate of 11 million for the undocumented population.
Since the rate of increase the Census counts in the foreign-born population is in the range of 600,000 a year*, there are approximately 44 million foreign-born persons in the US. The consensus is that 11 million are undocumented, which indicates 1 in 4 foreign-born persons in the US are unauthorized or even undocumented.
AFU analyzed the broad range of immigration offenses with serious consequences, which includes trivial and even technical violations, on which American Families United members have personal experience. So AFU has made an intentionally conservative estimate that the percentage of foreign-born spouses of US citizens who have problems with immigration law is substantially lower than the overall percentage of undocumented within the foreign-born population as a whole.
The AFU analysis is that 8-15% of the total "Married Couple Households with Mixed Nativity" counted by the Census have had some potential problem of the kinds that afflict AFU families. While a smaller percentage, the absolute numbers are significant – particularly since, as AFU insists, this is about the rights of the US citizen.
Washington: “This bipartisan bill is a sign of hope,” said Kim Anderson, President of American Families United, as the only national organization specifically representing the rights of US citizens endorsed H.R. 1036, introduced today. The proposed American Families United Act, sponsored by Congressman Beto O’Rourke (D-Tx), Steve Pearce (R-NM), and Eric Swalwell (D-CA) recognizes the rights of US citizens who sponsor their spouses for legal immigration.
“Americans are divided over immigration reform. We all know the system is broken and must be comprehensively fixed, but we can’t seem to agree on exactly how to do it,” Anderson said. “Yet this legislation, sponsored by both Republicans and Democrats, indicates at least one bedrock American value which must be a cornerstone for any immigration reform: no American immigration system can be worth anything if it divides US citizens from their husbands and wives.”
“These US Representatives recognize that US citizens are the neglected constituency in immigration reform, facing a family choice between being outlawed or exiled,” Anderson pointed out. “The Census counts 4.1 million Americans who are married to foreign-born spouses. Our best estimate is that at least 300,000 of those have had some problem, have been caught by the fish hooks and bear traps that litter our immigration laws. Technical, even trivial violations – like missing a hearing – can have catastrophic consequences. The bureaucracy uses traffic court rules to impose life sentences.”
“We applaud the leadership shown by Congressmen O’Rourke, Pearce and Swalwell,” Anderson said. “American Families United looks forward to working with both Republicans and Democrats in Congress to protect the immigration law rights of US citizens.”
Sample stories of AFU members are here, all US citizens. (Edgar Falcon of Texas, Nick Martin of Alabama, and Margot Bruemmer, currently exiled in Mexico.)
Edgar is a U.S. citizen, a constituent of mine and the proud husband of Maricruz (I had the chance to join them when they were married on international line of the Paso del Norte bridge). But because Maricruz has an immigration law violation on her record, she cannot join her husband in the U.S. and raise their U.S.-citizen children in our community.
When she was an adolescent she crossed with her adult sister into the U.S. and her sister falsely claimed U.S. citizenship at the port of entry.
This triggered an automatic life-time ban on reentry into the U.S. While she definitely broke the law as a child, and there have to be consequences for it, many would argue that being barred for life — despite having a U.S.-citizen family — goes too far. Thanks to Edgar attending one of my first town hall meetings to bring this to my attention, we have been working on a solution to this problem that is fair to all concerned.
Today I re-introduced the bipartisan American Families United Act (H.R. 1036) with Congressman Steve Pearce of New Mexico and Congressman Eric Swallwell of California.
This bill brings common sense to our immigration laws by providing case-by-case judicial discretion in instances where an individual is a spouse, parent, or child of a U.S. citizen and would be eligible to adjust their status if not for a previous minor immigration violation and when inadmissibility or removal would present a hardship to a U.S. citizen.
In other words — if a federal judge thinks that Maricruz poses a lifetime threat to the United States, that judge can uphold a lifetime ban on reetnry. Or, that judge can determine a more commensurate punishment that allows her to ultimately join her U.S.-citizen family in the United States.
While this addresses just one part of our broken immigration system, it’s my hope that this targeted legislation will help Edgar and Maricruz as well as the thousands of American families currently separated by outdated immigration laws that don’t match our values.
After going through two years of legal process for her Syrian-born husband to reunite with his son, one American mom fears that recent immigration restrictions will keep their family apart even longer.
When Tori Morris and Mahmoud Sloum met in Ghana, West Africa, in December 2013, the couple quickly fell in love. Morris, an American, and Sloum, a Syrian, married three months later, and made a life for themselves in Accra, Ghana’s capital.
The newlyweds passed their days working — Morris was in Ghana helping a non-profit organization called Global Mamas and Sloum was working as a chef — entertaining friends, watching movies together and going to the beach.
“We were like the mom and dad of our group,” Morris recalled. “It’s our nature to be the home that our friends come to.”
When Morris learned she was pregnant in September 2014, they started making arrangements to move back to the U.S. — to Morris’ home state of Kentucky.
“With our son on the way, there were several reasons we wanted to leave Ghana — one being health care, one being education, one being overall stability — so we needed to be somewhere else,” Morris told TODAY Parents.
Morris returned to the U.S. in April 2015, immediately contacting an immigration lawyer and filing paperwork for Sloum’s spousal visa. Today — nearly two years later — the couple is still not together, and Sloum, who remains in Ghana, has a 19-month-old son, Aiden, whom he has never met.
“I had no idea this was the process. I was completely naive as to what would happen,” said Morris. “I think you always assume, especially in the case of a husband and wife, that you get married and they come, too.”
Morris says they initially were told within six to nine months, Sloum would be reunited with her and their son. Instead, they have spent months trying to get Sloum into the U.S., sending in documents ranging from birth certificates to text message transcripts, completing all necessary paperwork and waiting.
And now, with President Donald Trump's executive order, which bans the immigration of people from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Syria, to the U.S. for 90 days, the couple feels they have again hit a wall.
“I didn't know any country will keep a man from his family,” Sloum told TODAY in an email. “Whenever I see my wife is hurting I wish I can take it for myself. The moment your child is born is one of the best gifts from God. I can never get that moment back. I have this beautiful gift — our son — but I can't hold him in my arms.”
Morris says she and her husband applied for a visitor’s visa, so he could be present for Aiden’s birth. Their request was denied (during President Obama's term in office).